THE BEST AND WORST IN HISTORY -- NIKOLA TESLA AND ANTE PAVELIC --  CAPT AJIT
VADAKAYIL

YES TO NIKOLA TESLA, NO TO ANTE PAVELIC--   CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

indigo adult , nikola tesla is the best man to walk on this planet. ante
pavelic was the most evil man in history. both were deleted from history, by
vested interests. serbian nicola tesla is the greatest genius ever to walk on
this planet.  he was a greater genius than von neumann or einstein. his fault
was that he would not allow his inventions to be metered , so that the world
citizen could be bled. he would not allow his discoveries to be used against
mankind. he was denied a nobel prize, for radio transmission and ac electricity
.
marconi and edison ran him down, after all he was just a eastern orthodox serb 
,
a lesser mortal.  vested interests tried to steal his intellectual property
again and again, so he kept his scalar wave and free energy inventions inside
his head. now it is lost for ever. the world has been set back by 500 years.
swami vivekananda met tesla in chicago and introduced him to the ZERO POINT
ENERGY FIELD , of akasha ( ether ).--the all pervasive sky of quantum energy  
of
the universe.  reiki practitioners know what scalar waves can do. crop circles
were a huge mystery till one fine day a tesla coil cropped up in a  corn field.
He told Tesla that classical science must factor human consciousness in, or be
stuck in the mud for ever.I DO HOPE JULY 10TH ( TESLA'S BIRTHDAY ) IS 
CELEBRATED
ALL OVER THE WORLD AS " SCIENCE FOR PEACE DAY ". i also do hope, one day 
Tesla's
graphic face above , will be as popular a graphic for a human body tattoo-- as
the face of Che Guevara.  one was full of intelligence, the other was full of
spirit. croat ante pavelic killed more people ( orthodox serbs and gypsies) 
than
hitler. even the nazis were amazed and horrified at his mad cruelty. he either
killed or converted. killing was mostly by ritually burning alive in furnaces ,
as approved penalty for heresy. he was rewarded with christmas greetings and
holiday stay at pope pius xii's summer residence. after the 2nd world war ante
pavelic was disguised as a priest and hidden in a monastry castel gandolfo 
,near
rome. from there he was smuggled him to argentina. after ante pavelic fled to
argentina , his companions left in the lurch, ran and surrendered to British
commanders in the area. These British commanders wisely refused to accept their
opportunistic surrender and handed them over to the partisans, who ruthlessly
dished out the severe backlash massacre. BUT FOR THE  INFORMATION SUPER-HIGHWAY
PROVIDED BY THE LARGE HEARTED INTERNET-- THE TRUTH WOULD HAVE BEEN BURIED FOR
EVER!!

tell your children about tesla --

*******************************************************************************
CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL -- PEP TALK TO HIS CADETS

SAY YES TO THE SEA!

most shore desk jobs absorb and degrade the mind - where else but at sea can you
have a 4 to 5 months sabbatical- nay - hibernation every year , to blast the
calcium off your pineal gland and clear your "teesra aankh" .. life is either a
daring adventure, or nothing. cruise around crystal blue waters and breathe in
fresh ozone tinged salty air , while earning good money-- EARNING IN DOLLARS AND
SPENDING IN RUPEES-- makes sense---right? there is no need to be a hypocrite at
sea. you build great friendships with varying cultures . the ones you don’t like
,you don’t need to see after you finish your short contract on board, so you can
be yourself. there is no need to smile at a face whose nose you feel like
bloodying . ashore on a desk job you may have to tolerate such a face in front
of your desk for years. to have a working relationship ashore you must fake your
feelings. you may not be a millionaire at sea-- but you will surely pay all your
elite living style bills and have the time of your life while having your own
style. the deep blue sea delights the human senses, one of the reasons why
sailors choose a sea career .. feeling whole and complete means feeling one with
nature. feel the wind through your hair and the fresh crisp air in your lungs,
and the starry skies all around - -changing every day. at sea you can live a
simple life, without the need to imitate others.in simplicity is the secret of
true strength. real happiness is finding your lifework in the work that you
love. ashore most are prisoner of golden handcuffs- - good salary , good house
etc- attached to the life style. one of the simplest ways to brighten your mood
at sea is to step into the sunlight and gaze into the blue waters or starry
skies- for mental, emotional, physical and spiritual health. trust your gut ,
live a natural high every day.

SAY YES!-- TO THE SEA!

respect the sea--the sea will respect you!
********************************************************************************
TEA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

JAPANESE TEA CEREMONY – BODHI DHARMA-  SHAOLIN TEMPLE KUNGFU - URUMI SWORD-
SWASTIKA TEA LEAF READING CUPS

this time when i was on leave,  i used to watch a programme on HISTORY CHANNEL.
it was about 2 professional american fighters, going to all corners of the world
to learn a martial art , say for 2 weeks. then one of them will challenge the
top most fighter of that strain ( karate/ kungfu/ judo etc ). they were tough
and no pushovers. i remember their names bill duff and jason. both were very
likable characters , with no ego. they went to the top secret shaolin temple in
china. they were afforded a peek into the forbidden for foreigners, inner
sanctum ALONG with history channel video camera--the first time ever-- and guess
what-- BODHI DHARMA'S coloured portrait was there- with hairy barrel chest and
all. in 520 AD this mallu , seen in picture above( speaking my mother tongue
malayalam ) residing in kerala ( voted by natural geographic / word traveller --
as one of the 5 top beautiful places on the planet ) , travelled to canton
china-- and there he taught the monks in shaolin temple--KALARI --  our ancient
6000 year old martial art--- founded by warrior sage Parashurama.. today they
call it kung-fu there. all this is on camera-- the chief priest was proud to
admit. our swords were far superior -- 4 metres long -- double edged and
serrated -- sometimes 4 pronged to stave off arrows -- worn around the waist
like a belt-- laden with metallurgical poisons like mercury/ arsenic/ lead--
called URUMI

IT BROKE MACH ONE ( SPEED OF SOUND ) . ( no other weapon can do this!-- hence
this deadly Urumi demoralises the enemy )

you can crack a whip--the crack is the edge of the whip breaking the sound
barrier!

all you need was to nick and draw blood-- we still have it in our temples--
taken out on special occasions--

kalari warriors kept several tourniquets tied around their waist and knees,
along with turmeric based blood clotting powder.

not many people know that bodhi dharma went into a meditative trance for 9
years, staring at a cave wall. once when he fell asleep, in a fit of self
infliction , he cut off both his eyelids and threw them away.

the chinks watched that SPOT closely --and then took a plant which grew next to
it and boiled it, hoping that they wont fall asleep , while meditating.

THIS IS THE TEA-- the whole world drinks. even today drinking tea is a
meditative experience for all far east people--

nobody knows the reason for an elaborate tea drinking ritual – even today in
japan etc.

japanese call bodhi dharma -- daruma.

a tea ceremony is an aesthetic way of entertaining guests, in which everything
is done according to an established order.

the tea ceremony emphasized the following four qualities: harmony between the
guests and the implements used; respect, not only among the participants but
also for the utensils; cleanliness, derived from Shintō practices and requiring
participants to wash their hands and rinse their mouths as symbolic gestures of
cleansing before entering the cha-shitsu; and tranquillity, which is imparted
through long and caring use of each article of the tea ceremony.

TEA LEAF READERS- - NEXT TIME READ IN A TEA BOWL WITH SWASTIKA PLACED AT THE
BOTTOM.

AND BY THE WAY, IF THE BRITISH HAD TRADED OPIUM FOR COFFEE WITH CHINA INSTEAD OF
TEA --  BRITAIN WOULD HAVE BEEN A COFFEE DRINKING NATION.

It is a LIE that the British introduced tea to India. We in Kerala have been
growing tea ( chaya ) on the Wayanad Western Ghats since antiquity.

The Arab middlemen of spices loved it .

The commercial production of tea in India was started by the British East India
Company and vast tracts of land in the NE of India have been exclusively
developed into tea estates which produce various types of tea.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
RESURRECTION OF SUN -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

BIBLE-  BETHLEHEM - PYRAMIDS-  HORUS-  MOSES- 10 COMMANDMENTS

WE INDIANS WERE THE FIRST TO WORSHIP THE SUN-- the sun worshipping Vedic
civilisation flourished on the banks of the river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000
BC

3 wise kings sitting on 3 camels follow the eastern star--

the 3 stars of " belt of orion constellation" ( alnitak/ alnilam/ mintaka )
aligns with the brightest star in the heavens , sirius ( canis major
constellation ) on 25th Dec.  draw a straight line through theses 4 points-- and
the sun rises there.

-- inside the great pyramids sun god osiris is orion, his consort isis is sirius
-- . horus was their son--here it is jesus.

3 wise men reach bethlehem and see jesus born in the stable delivered by virgin
mary.  stable to be read as between the goat and horse constellations.

### constellation virgo --house of bread.  virgin holds a sheaf of wheat.
   
 Ofspicastar.BetheleheminYiddishishouseofbread.whenthenewspringsunroseatpisces,v
 irgowasstandingonthewesternhorizon,foritisexactlyoppositetopiscesinthezodiac.

jesus is crucified on the cross

### on 22nd dec , the sun is SETS under the southern cross ( 4 star
### constellation ) and is resurrected after 3 days

## after 3 days the sun rises-- and now days become longer than nights ( down
## from tropic of cancer and up from the tropic of capricon)

12 disciples of jesus-- one of them THOMAS , of doubting thomas fame, who came
to kerala by ship , and built the first church ( this means kerala christians
are senior to their counterparts ) -- peter went to vatican.

## equivalent to 12 signs of zodiac

moses provides the 10 commandments

## indian king manu provided the first laws of the planet ( search google )

moses flows down the river nile in a basket to avoid getting killed

## krishna flows down the river ganges in a basket. at least 5 more gods of
## other continents came down the river in a basket later!

moses comes down the mountain and kicks the butt of jews who worship the golden
bull

## 0n 2150 BC the zodiac of taurius ( indian rishabham / aldebaran )) is over--
## it existed only from 4300BC to 2150 BC -- the age from 2150 BC is aries, (
## indian medam / hamal )) the ram till 1 AD.

jesus feed 2 fishes to 5000 folks

## from 1 AD to 2150 AD it is the age of pisces( indian eenam ) . Here is
## Krishna indicating Matsya avatar in 4000 BC.

equinoxial and ecliptic cuts at pisces , ( due to tilt of the earth at 23.5
degress ) --NOT aries-- so in nautical almanac it should be GHA pisces -- NOT
GHA aries!!. this means modern navigation was lifted from somewhere between 2150
BC to 1 AD.

luke 22:10 last pass over-- follow the man with water pitcher

### from 2150 AD it is aquarius ( indian kumbam )-- a new age, new sunrise at
### spring equinox -- precession of the equinoxes--

constellations go backwards, than in the yearly cycle-- the zodiac cycle is
25765 years.

why 25765 years? If you take a spinning top and give it a push, it will begin to
wobble in a manner called precession. The axis of the Earth makes a 25765 year
wobble with an amplitude of tens of degrees. This is all due to the influence of
the Moon's tidal attraction of the Earth

JESUS IS THE EQUIVALENT OF SUN -- THAT IS WHY THE CROSS AND THE HALO .

CIRCLE OF 12 ZODIACS IS SHOWN BEHIND HIS HEAD-- THE CROSS REPRESENTS THE 4
EQUINOXES.

pssst-- by the way, all have got it wrong when they said that the great pyramid
at giza, has vent tunnels at 90 degrees to the kings chamber. the real reason is
for his soul to shoot up exactly when the centre star alnilam ( belt of orion )
and north star lines up at each end. osiris ( orion ) was a god.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
REAL WORK AND ACTIVITY TRAPS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

THE MEANING OF REAL WORK

the owner of the favourite restaurant of a big city went for a surprise visit.

for the past 6 months the hotel had CHANGED FROM A HUGE PROFIT MAKING MACHINE TO
A LOSS MAKING UNIT --he wanted to check out why- personally.

the staff and cooks were the same--- the only change was the new sprightly
manager of the restaurant --who joined 6 months back.

the owner asked the manager --how is my hotel doing?--

manager says ,we have been accredited iso 49000 since i joined-- we have 4.99
marks in HMSA ( that is something like our own TMSA ) -- i have streamlined the
paperwork-- here are the pie charts--here are the trends in colour-- here are
the consumptions and the averages-- we have centralised our accounts and
purchases and economised on vegetables and meats --here are the figures --this
is the last inspection report of the municipality --we scored 100%-- blah blah
--he was on his own trip--

the owner got upset ,walked off and called the stewards--in private. what do you
think is the problem? why have all our regular customers deserted us? why are
the chairs empty?.

the stewards said--lot of them sat for half an hour and before cooks could get
the soup ready --they got up in a huff and cursed us and went away. we are also
resigning--we too don't like to stand here the whole day picking our noses ,
waiting for the cows to come home --we are losing out on tips--

then the owner went into the kitchen-- and found the cooks caught in THE
CHAKRAVYUH OF ACTIVITY TRAPS doing tabulations on A4 size papers , averages,
inventories , cleaning, pressure testing pipes, stencilling , polishing pans and
buttons of their tunics, testing fuel -- the whole kitchen smelled of strong
metal cleaner/ detergent instead of food--

he asked the chief cook who was walking past him in a tearing hurry--

----are you coming or going?

--the man says -WHAAA?

EXTREME EXAMPLE OF ACTIVITY TRAP-- A CHIEF ENGINEER OF A SHIP WHO HAS
BRAINWASHED HIMSELF THAT-- THE PURPOSE OF HIS SHIP IS TO TAKE HIS MAIN ENGINES
FROM POINT A TO POINT B.

how many of you have lost the plot and are caught in the chakravyuh of daily
activity traps?
********************************************************************************
VEDIC PRACTISES IN MECCA -- AJIT VADAKAYIL

MECCA AND VEDIC PRACTISES-- AJIT VADAKAYIL

Mecca is distinct from other mosques all over the world – the practices followed
within its portals are NOT the same as in other mosques all around the world.
There are major similarities with ancient Vedic practices.

Fast is broken on Sankranti and Vinayaka Chaturthi only after sighting the moon
at dawn. The crescent moon rises 50 minutes after sun rise after new moon.

The crescent moon is on the forehead of Siva. The flag of Islam has it. In Tamil
Nadu the ancient Kabaaliswaran temple is a Shiva temple.

Where there is Siva there must be pure Ganga ( pure Zam Zam in the middle of a
Mecca desert ).

Siva Lingam is a heavy black meteorite stone, from outer space , with mysterious
powers and metaphysical energy to raise the Kundalini . A true lingam is so
powerful that water has to drip on it to keep it in control.

The black stone in the SE corner of the granite structure at Mecca called Al
Hajar Ul Aswad 30 cms in diameter, 5 feet above the ground .

It is the south eastern corner stone of Kaaba.   Here it is mirrored .  The
auspicious end in Hinduism vaastu is the "Kanni moola" or NW corner.

In all temples Hindus face west while praying as the diety doors face east.

There were inscriptions in Sanskrit on the Kaaba stone.

Vedic practices require devotees to enter temples in seamless white sheets.

Vedic pradikshanam ( circumambulation ) is walking round 7 times, clockwise.
Muslims cannot kiss the black stone which activate the 7 chakras of the human
body any more, emulating the kiss it received from the prophet, as the stone was
broken in the middle ages and is now held by silver clamps and nails . Devotees
now point to it at eack of the 7 counter clockwise circuits around the stone.

The mysterious number 786 is sacred in Koran. Nobody has been able to explain
what it is, though it is printed on all Arabic Korans.

Write OM symbol ( sound frequency 7.83 Hertz ) in Sanskrit and keep it facing a
mirror and you can see like MAGIC the number 786 in Devanagri script.

Kaaba was a pilgrimage site for centuries, more from from the days on King
Vikramaditya— even Guru Nanak ( a non muslim ) had been there .

Encyclopedia Britannica says Kaaba has 360 idols including a King Vikramaditya
inscripted gold dish, in a temple chamber called Ishalayam.  King Vikramaditya
ruled 7500 years before the birth of Islam. Idol worship is banned in Islam.

Indian muslims must read above words with an open mind. After all the ancient
Vedic culture or way of life belongs to every Indian and the sub-continenent
--NOT just Hindus.  Vedic culture existed 9500 years before the birth of Islam.

Saraswati civilisation at the banks of river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC
is the cradle of world civilisation . Saraswati river dried up in 4000 BC due to
tectonic shift blocking the Himalayan glacier source, causing an exodus of elite
to Mesopotamia, Europe, Russia and all over India. Indus valley civilisation
started after the Saraswati river dried up, and Yamuna started pouring into
Ganges.

One of my Pakistani Second Engineers, who had done religious studies in
Khandahar and in Iran for many years , told me that every time he went to Mecca
his friends and relatives would gives him dozens of silk handkerchiefs , to rub
on the black stone . And every time he spent some time hurriedly doing that , he
would get whipped quite severely by someone who was paid to do this (to time
usurpers )
  
Ibn Battuta accounts say that Calicut King Cheman Perumal had a head priest cum
accounts in-charge at the Shiva Temple ( called PAGAN temple by the west ) at
Mecca which was a watering oasis for the camels , enroute to Jerusalem and
Petra.

For whatever reasons, the disturbed King decided to make a trip to Mecca , as
soon as he heard that Mohammed founded Islam and installed a black stone , on
the SE corner of the Kaaba.

He took a ship from Calicut to Salalah and form there went by caravan route to
Mecca. He met Mohammed , and the Islamic grapevine says that he was impressed by
Islam and got converted from Hindu to Muslim.

The King’s court at Calicut does NOT record this conversion, though messages
were sent fast by carrier pigeons and hawks. The Encyclopedia Islamia admits as
much when it says: "Muhammed's grandfather and uncles were hereditary priests of
the Kaaba temple which housed 360 Vedic idols!" The encyclopedia Britannica
records ths too.

Ibn Battuta tells that Cheraman Perumal gave some tangy Calicut ginger pickle to
Muhammed who ate it with great relish. The Prophet distributed it among his
companions too. I also received a piece to eat --Hakim reports in 'Al
Musthadrak.

On the way back to Calicut, the king fell ill and was buried at Salalah, Oman (
some at Salalah say that he was killed ).. This is a pilgrimage centre, as the
Muslims say that the Hindu king was converted by Mohammed to bear the Muslim
name Tajuddin given to him by Hazrat Syedina Muhammadur Rasool.

After Mohammed the Prophet died in 632 AD , June 8th, his loyal disciple Malik
Bin Dinar landed at Calicut by ship in 643 AD , after visiting the dargah of
Tajuddin ( King Cheraman Perumal ) at Salalah,
   
He had a letter in King Cheraman Perumal’s hand in Malayalam that he has given
permission to Mohammad to build mosques in Kerala. So Malik Bin Dinar became the
first Qazi of the first mosque at Kodungallur in Kerala. Kodungallur was the
centre of festivals during the reign of Hindu king Cheraman Perumal.

Check out the video below--

Muslims substitute 786 for the phrase بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم bism illāh ir-
raḥmān ir-raḥīm ("in the name of Allah, the compassionate, the merciful").

In the Bollywood movie Coolie Amitabh Bachchan has the brass tag 786, and his
senior Islamic scholar coolie friend tells him that this number in Islam , is
equivalent to OM mantra in Hinduism.

Mohammad was born in 570 A.D. He proclaimed Islam in 622 A.D and died in 632
A.D. That is to say out of a span of 62 years, Mohammad himself was a Muslim for
the last 10 years. For the earlier 52 years he was a non-Muslim --a pagan .  And
he spoke to Calicut King Cheraman Perumal in Malayalam, while eating Ginger
pickle..
********************************************************************************
AMAZON NAVIGATION-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

















AMAZON NAVIGATION-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

BEFORE NAVIGATING IN THE AMAZON YOU MUST FIRST DEVELOP A HEALTHY RESPECT FOR THE
RIVER. LEST YOU RUE AT LEISURE LATER.

THE AMAZON RIVER IS 4000 MILES LONG JUST A HUNDRED MILES SHORTER THAN NILE --THE
WORDS LONGEST RIVER. BUT IT MORE THAN MAKES UP BY ITS SHEER STRENGTH AND
VOLUME--- AMAZON POURS 2000 TIMES MORE WATER THAN THE NILE . ONE BY FIFTH OF THE
FRESH WATER THE WORLDS OCEANS RECEIVE IS FROM THE AMAZON.

IT FLOWS EASTWARDS FROM THE SNOW CAPPED ANDES INTO THE NORTH ALTANTIC AND IS
NAVIGABLE ALMOST ITS ENTIRE LENGTH. IT DEPOSITS APPROX 70 TONS OF SEDIMENT EVERY
MINUTE AT ITS DELTA WHICH IS 100 MILES WIDE AND LESS SALINE 200 MILES INTO THE
OCEAN. SMALL SIZE SHIPS REACH IQUITOS IN PERU 2300 MILES UPRIVER. FROM IQUITOS
TO OCEAN THE LAND FALLS ONLY 300 FEET. LARGE OCEAN LINERS REACH MANAUS 1000
MILES UPSTREAM.

THE TIDAL INFLUENCE IS FELT AS FAR AS OBIDOS. AT ATACOATIARA WHERE WE BERTHED
THE RIVER FLOWS DOWN STREAM ONLY. THE MAIN RIVER IS BROWN AND BORING. BUT IT
DOES HARBOUR THE PRARUCU WHICH AT 8 FEET LENGTH IS THE WORLD’S LARGEST FRESH
WATER FISH.

THE TRIBUTARIES ARE AMAZING WITH CLEAR WATER, 2 FEET LONG PIRANHAS WITH ORANGE
BELLIES, ANACONDAS , MONKEYS AND OVERHANGING TREES. MOST OF THESE PIRANHAS ARE
VEGETARIANS UNLESS YOU WANT TO OFFER A BLOODY FINGER.

WHEN THE RIVER IS FLOODED THE CREST IS 50 FEET ABOVE NORMAL , THE SPRING EBB
TIDES IN RAINY SEASON NOV TO JUNE ARE 6 KNOTS WITH HUGE UPROOTED TREES FLOATING
DOWN WHOM YOU MUST DODGE. IF CAUGHT ON THE BOWS IT REDUCES SHIPS SPEED , IF YOUR
PROPELLER HITS A TREE TRUNK YOU CAN HAVE A PROBLEM.

WHEN THE COASTAL FEATURES ARE SUBMERGED LAND CANNOT NOT BE RECOGNISED EASILY.
TALL GRASS WHICH GROWS OUT OF WATER CAN ADD TO THE CONFUSION. THE GPS IS THE
BEST BET. THE WGS 84 CORRECTION IS NEGLIGIBLE. DURING FLOODS ALL THE SNAKES
MIGRATE TO HIGH GROUND AND IF YOU LIKE TO GET BITTEN BY SNAKES WHO ARE SHORT OF
PATIENCE THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE AT.

SOMETIMES IN SEPT OR MARCH YOU CAN SEE THE POROROCA OR THE SPECTACULAR TIDAL
BORE LIKE WE HAVE IN THE HOOGHLY RIVER—ONLY DIFFERENCE IS THIS ONE IS ABOUT 5
METRES HIGH AND ITS CREST IS WHITE FOAM AS IT FORCES ITS WAY 400 MILES UPSTREAM
AT 40 KNOTS. IT CAN BE UNNERVING IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND WHAT IT IS.
 

ALL TYPES ON INSECTS INVADE YOUR SHIP. SOME OF THEM ARE GOOD IN SELF DEFENCE.
FOR EXAMPLE THERE IS A LARGE COCKROACH ABOUT 4 INCHES LONG WHICH IF YOU TRY TO
TRAMPLE WILL SEND A SHARP QUILL THROUGH YOUR SAFETY SHOE SOLE INTO YOUR LEG.

AND THERE IS THIS WORLD RECORD HOLDING 18 INCH HERMAPHRODITIC LEECH WITH A 6
INCH HYPODERMIC NEEDLE. IMAGINE IT CAN HOLD 3 TIMES ITS OWN WEIGHT IN ONE
FEEDING. IT BREATHES THROUGH ITS SKIN. AND ITS SALIVA CONTAINS ANTICOAGULANTS
WHICH CAN BLEED YOU TO DEATH.




SOME BEETLES ARE ALLERGY CAUSING AND CAN SLAM SHUT YOUR EPIGLOTIS. I REMEMBER
ONCE SAVING MY MATE’S LIFE WITH AN INSTANT SHOT OF CHLOR PHENERAMINE MALEATE
INJECTION. BETTER TO HAVE ANTI MALARIA TABLETS. KEEP YOUR ACCOMODATION AND EVEN
CARGO TANKS SHUT.

CLOUDS OF FIREFLIES AT NIGHT CAN BE SUCH A WONDERFUL SIGHT. OR DOZENS OF GREEN
PARROTS DURING DAY. LIGHTNING IN THE SKY LOOKS LIKE ARTILLERY FIRE.

AT MANAUS RIO NEGRO HAS ITS CONFLUENCE WITH AMAZON AND STAINS IT WITH BLACK INKY
ORGANIC MATTER. MALARIA , TYPHOID, HEPATITIS AND CHOLERA GERMS ARE WAITING TO
TAKE YOU ON IN THIS NECK OF THE WOODS.





 


BUSINESS:

ENOUGH OF LORE. LETS GET TO BUSINESS. CROSS BARRANORTE OR THE NORTH BAR AT HIGH
WATER ON A RISING TIDE. THE BOTTOM HERE IS SOFT MUD. BE CAREFUL IF THE SHIP IS
POUNDING DUE TO SWELL IN WHICH CASE ALLOWANCES FOR UKC HAS TO BE MADE. THE TIDE
SETS HERE IN A SW/ NE DIRECTION. FROM THE BA ADMIRALTY TIDE TABLE CALCULATIONS
FOR SECONDARY PORT BARRANORTE YOU MUST SUBTRACT 2HRS 36 MIN FOR HW AND 3HRS 20
MIN FOR LW. THE DEEPEST PART OF BAR HAS SHIFTED TO 4 MILES SOUTHWARDS OF THE
LIGHT SHIP . IT TAKES 2 HOURS TO CROSS THE BAR.

AFTER CROSSING THE BAR INWARDS YOU REACH A BOTTLENECK CALLED CURUA CHANNEL.
SUBTRACT ONE HOUR FROM BARRANORTE BA ATT TIMES TO GET CURUA CHANNEL TIDAL TIMES.
THE BUOYS THERE ARE OUT OF POSITION MOST OF THE TIME. SO BEFORE ARRIVAL ASK THE
AGENTS TO SEND YOU THE LATEST BUOY POSITION. IN THIS L ( LIMA SHAPED BEND ) KEEP
TO THE GREEN BUOY SIDE OFF BUOYS 6 8 AND 10 AT 25 TO 75 RATIO. THIS IS BECAUSE
THE RED BUOY SIDE IS GETTING SILTED EASTWARD INTO THE CHANNEL . THE RED BUOYS 5
7 AND 9 CAN BE TRUSTED AS THEY ARE DEEP ANCHORED IN SILT AND CANNOT BE KNOCKED
OVER.

THE THUMB RULE IS KEEP TO THE OUTER SIDE OF RIVER BENDS WHICH ARE ARE SCOURED
DEEPER. THE SAME IS THE CASE WITH CURUA CHANNEL.



YOU MUST KNOW WHICH SIDE THE CURRENT/ WIND WILL SET YOU. DO NOT ATTEMPT TO PASS
ANOTHER SHIP AT CURUA CHANNEL. HERE IT IS ONE SHIP AT A TIME AS THERE IS NO SEA
ROOM AT THE L BEND, THE ACTUAL USABLE CHANNEL BEING ONLY 2,5 CABLES WIDE. THE
BUOYS ARE ONE MILE APART. YOU CAN TRUST GPS POSITIONS IN THE CURUA CHANNEL. TREE
TRUNKS AND WEED CLUMPS AT NIGHT CAN DISORIENT YOU ON RADAR.

AGENT CAN ALSO FAX YOU THE LOCAL TIDE TABLE PAGES . THE PASSAGE FROM BARRA NORTE
TO FAZENDINHA OR MACAPA PILOT STATION IS NON COMPULSORY PILOTAGE. IF YOU WANT A
PILOT BECAUSE YOU DO NOT HAVE PROPER CHARTS YOU CAN EMBARK A PILOT AT
SALINOUPOULIS OR ESPADARTE PILOT STATIONS WHICH IS 170 MILES FROM BARRA NORTE.

THE PILOTS IN THE AMAZON CAN BE TRUSTED. THEY VERY RARELY LOOK AT THE CHART.
THEY USE RADAR VRM MARKER TO SET CLEARING DISTANCES. FROM MACAPA ONWARDS IT IS
COMPULSORY PILOTAGE UPRIVER. SHIP HAS TO ANCHOR AT MACAPA TO CLEAR THE PORT
AUTHORITIES. THE HARBOUR MASTER ALSO HAS A VISIT. IF YOU HAVE ANY DAMAGE ON YOUR
BOWS HE WILL HOLD A PROPER ENQUIRY.


AT MACAPA WHEN DROPPING OUTWARD PILOT WITH TIDE FROM BEHIND , FULLY LOADED ,
LITTLE SEAROOM AND SMALL CRAFT AROUND---- BE CAREFUL. IF YOU HAVE TO WAIT , STEM
THE TIDE SO THAT YOU CAN ANCHOR IF REQD . AFTER MACAPA INBOUND EVEN THE LARGE
SCALE BRAZILIAN CHARTS ARE OF NO USE. ON PASSAGE FROM MACAPA TO ITACOATIARA
TWICE WE FOUND OUR SHIP NAVIGATING HALF MILE DEEP INSIDE LAND .

WHEN YOU WANT TO PASS ANOTHER SHIP IN THE RIVER BETTER CLARIFY ON VHF IN ADVANCE
IF IT IS GOING TO BE RED TO RED OR GREEN TO GREEN.

WHEN YOU FINALLY COME OUT OF THE RIVER, AND HEAD INTO THE ATLANTIC OCEAN WILL BE
A BIT TAKEN ABACK BY THE  LIMITED UKC INDICATED BY THE ECHOSOUNDER MACHINE , AND
CLEAR CUM DISCOLOURED WATER SWIRLS ALONG THE SHIP SIDE.  NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT,
AS THIS HUGE MASS OF MUDDY WATER ORGINATES FROM THE SUBTERRANEAN UNDERWATER
AMAZON RIVER .  THIS IS WHY THE WATER SALINITY IS VERY LOW AT THE MOUTH OF THE
AMAZON,  EVEN IF YOUR SHIP IS TWO HUNDRED MILES AWAY INTO THE ALTANTIC OCEAN ,
WITHOUT SOLITON WAVE FORMATION-- MUCH AGAINST THE PROPERTIES OF WATER .




( IN BLACK SEA TOO THERE IS AN UNDERWATER STREAM FLOWING INTO BLACK SEA, WHILE
( THE SURFACE CURRENT IS OUTWARDS.)


 
KEEP THE ENGINE ROOM SEA SUCTIONS ON HIGH. USE BOWTHRUSTERS WITH CAUTION
ESPECIALLY IF VSL IS ON LIGHT DRAFT. YOU MUST HAVE A RELIABLE ECHO SOUNDER. THIS
WAY YOU CAN REDUCE SQUAT WHEN REQUIRED.
********************************************************************************
GLOBAL WARMING AND GREENHOUSE GASES-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

GLOBAL WARMING AND GREENHOUSE GASES--CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

--- if anybody thinks capt vadakayil is trying to be snide by talking about cows
--- farting-- he is mistaken.

fart gas is nothing but pure methane CH4 --which has one carbon atom in the
aliphatic hydrocarbon-- two carbon atoms make it ethane, and 3 makes it propane
etc-- C1 to C4 is gas, C5 to C9 is car petrol, C10 to C18 is car diesel--

ships are blamed for global warming and green house effect, caused by ocean loss
of petroluem etc---

NO!

go to google search and punch in " cows farting belching " and see the number of
hits you get. if you can find a way to catch this gas and use it in the kitchen
, in a economical manner -- you will get a nobel prize.

the cow lobby is very strong-- but they cant fool vadakayil , who has not given
milk ( cow's ) to his own 2 children-- as it is harmful to humans. calcium can
be obtained from food easily .

no animal drinks the milk of someother animal. only when the cow gives the milk
VOLUNTARILY to its own calf-- THE FIRST MILK FLOW OF MAMTA INDUCED BY CALF -- is
NOT toxic.

bollywood films are full of mamta or for the matter peepta right?  they even
have a mamta music competition goin' on .

milk vacumed out by machines is toxic, as the brain of the cow releases toxic
chemicals. ( plain difference between love and rape ). this subject is QUANTUM
ENERGY.

even the calf is kicked off after the infantile stage. the simple and unselfish
cow ( GAAY ) may not move when a speeding lorry approaches it --but it does care
deeply for its own calf.

that is why we indians worship the cow.

recently i had written to all the indian TV channels NDTV / times now / CNN-IBN
etc , what nonsense is this about mumbai citizens putting off electricity for
one hour enmasse and changing bulbs to cfls'. global warming and green house
effect is caused by methane / CO2 gases etc --- NOT by heat of bulb.

milk or saturated fat is harmful . most indians have lactose intolerance after
the age of THREE , that is why we pass wind if we drink too much whole milk --(
curd is not harmful--it is friendly anaerobic bacteria ).

stomach lining cells are 100% replaced in 4 days. it is contained in the texture
of the stools.

indians use tongue cleaner because our yogis knew 6000 years ago that tongue
cells are renewed every 8 days.

true yogis never drank milk.

ABOVE WISDOM IS NOT REQUIRED FOR RUNNING A SHIP-- BUT IT IS MOST IMPORTANT FOR
YOUR OWN BIOLOGICAL AGE -- AND YOUR PLANET!

this is probably the most important piece you would have read in a long time or
will read in future.
********************************************************************************
DYNAMICS-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

DYNAMICS-- AJIT VADAKAYIL

--- let me briefly explain company core value of dynamics. it is this core value
--- --which prompted me to say ENOUGH-- don't send the same 2nd engr for the 5th
--- time back on my ship.

always keep a window open for some fresh air and light to come in.

CHANGE IS THE ONLY CONSTANT ON THIS PLANET.

last vacation i had written a piece on HUMAN CLONING -- and sent it to some
international organisations who can make a difference -- to save the word from
dolly syndrome.

my message was "don't clone yourself , even if you are god's gift to mankind".
everything may seem perfect now -- but tomorrow you will realise that  you have
been 100% wrong.

THIS IS WHY "BONDING WIRE" AT TANKER MANIFOLD GAVE WAY TO "INSULATED FLANGE" . a
sheer 180 degrees turn-- without batting an eyelid.

THIS IS WHY IN FIRST AID MANUALS NOW , AFTER A DIWALI SKIN BURN THEY SAY-- COOL
IT IT WATER-- DON'T JUST PUT A DRY GAUZE - - a sheer 180 degrees turn.

this will be best stated by this glaring example--

in 1983 came back from long leave to command a crude supertanker loading at
saudi arabia deep sea rastanurah terminal every 11 days .

those days the iran-iraq war was in full swing-- our ships used to have HIND
logo emblazoned on black shipside in white arabic-- writing used to be about 80
metres long.

those days , company policy was STOP DURING DAYLIGHT OUTSIDE WAR ZONE --STEAM AT
FULL SPEED DURING DARK THROUGH WAR ZONE.

it just took one angry phone call from a young-- unquenched-- bad boy vadakayil
to the chairman of the company ( who was my fan ) -- for the policy to get
reversed after 4 months ( -- during which 3 of our huge tankers and one VLCC (
masters arm got hit ) had got hit by iranian heat seeking missiles.)

i had told him bluntly -- i wont follow stupid policies made by pea-brained men!

the new policy became--

STOP AT NIGHT OUTSIDE WAR ZONE , STEAM DURING DAY THROUGH WAR ZONE.

wise-- because after that our tankers never got hit-- for india was neutral. we
were closer to iran than to iraq. dynamics-- the name of the game-- gentlemen!

--by the way—

DYNAMICS MEANS , “TEAM DYNAMICS” — IT IS ABOUT NATURAL FORCES LIKE WHAT HAPPENS
IN A SOCCER GAME --

it is not about progress or change --

--or whatever-- ****************************************************************
***************** PERFECT BLACK BODY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

PERFECT BLACK BODY — BY CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Indians worshipped a black extra-terrestrial stone SHIVA LINGUM -- since the
past 9000 years.

inside Mecca ( muslims ) the core is a BLACK BODY stone.

Inside Jerusalem “Dome of the rock” -- ( christians/ jews/ muslims ) the core is
a BLACK BODY stone.

Black is a good radiator and also a good absorber-

-- why has ooperwaala or the good lord made people living in tropics black-

why arab women are forced to wear black ( to keep them indoors in the shade )
and men wear white ( they are in the hot sun all the time )?

On my ships I paint my monkey island silver or the return steam line black.

it makes sense to have a silver coloured car in India, for if your car is black
you need to fit 2 AC's. on a hot day you can fry an egg on a black car.

Indian women since 6 millenniums always wore kaajol or kohl or LAMP BLACK on
their eyes- not to make them look attractive - but for scientific reasons--

Lampblack absorbs all radiant energy falling on it.

All incident visible light will be absorbed rather than reflected---

--and THEREFORE ( aaaha!!!! ) the surface will appear black perfect absorber of
--energy this BLACKBODY.

Make a small hole in a box with lamp blackened interior, only 98% of the
radiation entering such a hole could escape out ever again. If the inside was
polished silver-like mE silver monkey island it would absorb only about 6
percent of the incident radiation, reflecting the rest.

Kaajol is made by the impingement of smoky flames from TINY jets on iron
channels ( like cracks on an incinerator refractory ) , the deposited black is
then scraped .

About one fourth of the weight of a formula one race car or even a ordinary oil
truck tire is carbon black, to avoid building up an electrostatic charge, to
make the rubber electrically conducting and to make the tire radiate heat away-
lest it melts.

Blackbody, absorbs all the radiation that strikes its surface, regardless of its
wavelength-- and is called a blackbody because it reflects no light.

No such perfect / ideal object is known to exist on this planet ( except SHIVA
LINGUM in indian temples ), although a surface consisting of carbon black may
absorb all but about 3 per cent of incident radiation.

In theory, a blackbody is thus a perfect emitter of radiation , and at any
specific temperature it emits the maximum amount of energy available from a
radiating body through temperature alone.

If a object looks white, it is because all or nearly all of the radiation is
reflected.

Recapitulation: an object that absorbs all the radiation striking it is known as
a blackbody.

This is why a perfect black body like shiva lingum must be kept continuously
quenched by drops of water dripping on it.

IN ALL SOUTH INDIAN TEMPLES THE IDOL IS SMALL AND BLACK--WHICH RADIATES AND
EMITS ENERGY.  (In North Indian temples they have huge white statues--passing of
a holy idols) 
******************************************************************
*************** 