********************************************************************************
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


ISAAC NEWTON- PATENTER OF STOLEN KNOWLEDGE


The whole world is under the impression that Isaac Newton is the father of
Calculus.


The truth is that Calculus was understood and practised in Malabar of India
which had the School of Astronomy and Mathematics , even before Christ was born.
It was used to express Vedic physical laws in mathematical terms, and to
calculate rates of change in Astronomy and Astrology.




Calicut my hometown was the Capital of Malabar, where Vasco da Gama landed in
1498.  St Thomas ( disciple of Jesus ) had died in Malabar.


The great Pyramids of Egypt was designed by architects proficient in Astronomy
and Vaastu from Calicut, with tunnels from the Pharaoh's chamber at 90 degrees
between Alnilam of Orion belt and the North star..


Aryabhatta born in Kerala ( my home state ) in 2700 BC, was one of the early
members of this school. Aryabhatta was the first to calculate Pi of 3.1416 and
the solar year of 365.358 days . He propounded a heliocentric universe 4200
years before Copernicus, with elliptically orbiting planets and a spherical
earth spinning on its axis explaining the motion of the heavens. He was the
father of plane / spherical Trigonometry and Algebra, when Europe was in the
dark ages.. Today you don't see this pioneers name in the list of top 100
mathematicians.

Aryabhatta was the first to compute the circumference of the earth, with an
error of just 64 miles.. Aryabhatta gave a method to find the cube root of
numbers and dealt with arithmetic,geometric and indeterminate equations in
algebra. He dealt with square, cube, triangle, trapezium, circle and sphere in
geometry. He was called Arjehir by the Arabs.

Poor Galileo did a Aryabhatta 4 millenuims years later , that the earth is round
and circles the sun , and the church blinded him , so that he can never look
into another telescope .

Calculus was developed and many books were written . The lineage of the Calculus
Mathematicians of the Kerala school are as below.



Parameshwara's book of Calculus , including Drigganita was available even to the
Arabs. The East India company was based in Calicut.




There were several Europeans like Fillippo Sasetti who came to Kerala to study
Sanskrit in the end of the 15th century. It was this Italian who revealed the
vicious and secret Portuguese Inquisition ordered by St Francis Xavier , in Goa,
to the Western world.  Apparently Italians in those days , did NOT like the
Portuguese. And finally it was the British who stopped this for good.




Sanskrit was the language of the Vedic civilization which flourished on the
banks of the river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC, when the river suddenly
became non-perennial due to tectonic shifts blocking the glacial mouth.
Mathematics was born in India before 4000 BC. Rig veda was written in 5000 BC.


The Dutch East Indian Company was in Calicut in 1602, parleying with our king
Zamorin.

Even before that in 1580 Matteo Ricci borrowed Calculus Malayalam texts from
Calicut kings in 1580, never to return it. ( those days there were NO fax or
photostat machines ). Whish and Hyne stole Calculus texts  from Trichur Temple
Library a few years later.







They took Calculus to Europe , from where the likes of Gottfried Wilhelm Von
Liebniz , Isaac Newton and Robert Hooke raced with each other to translate , re-
invent and market it in their own names, in a acrimonious manner.




Newton wrested the honours finally.




He has admitted slyly though, that he sat on the shoulders of giants while
inventing Calculus.  Even today the world media , press and  scientific
community thinks he told that,  to maliciously finger his competitor Robert
Hooke who was a physically challenged humpback.




He copied his laws of gravity from "Surya Sidhanta" the great Sanskrit
astronomical work written in the Vedic age . Reproduced in another written text
by Bhaskara , 1200 years before Newton it clearly explains gravity without an
apple. However Vedic gravity was a push ( after observing the solar eclipse )
and NOT a pull.


I would say Newton " did a Pythagoras" who copied his theorem from the great
Sanskrit mathematics text Baudhayana Sulba Sutra, published thousands of years
earlier. Or probably he "did a Copernicus" who stole from Aryabhatta .




It was John Wallis , while he was the keeper of Oxford Univeristy archives who
first started pondering over translated Mathematics stolen from India.

John Wallis patented Vedic Math infinity and infinitesimal ( Vishnu reclining in
horizontal 8 position ) in his own name.  Rest he could NOT understand .  What
ever he could make head or tail of, he included in his Arithmatica Infinitorum
and Treatise on Algebra.

His baton was taken over by Isaac Barrow, who tutored Isaac Newton in Kerala
Calculus.


Ancient Indians hardly understood the need to patent mathematical and
astronomical knowledge ( like pathetic Edison , who took out more patents for
the Phonograph that the actual numer of parts it contains -- out of which 6 are
for -- hold your breath -- the wooden cabinet!!).


Has anybody heard of Shakuntala Devi who has beaten every super computer in the
world in Mathematical speed?  This is normal for experts in Indian Vedic
Mathematics, the only difference is that she has taken the effort to travel
abroad and impress and WOW the Western Universities.


This is how fast the ancient sages did complex Astronomical calculations by way
of 3D graphs ,Spherical Trigonometry and Calculus --


they were a million Srinivasan Ramanujams rolled into one. Ramanujam is just one
of those who travelled to England under invitation. His mathematical theorems
were all done in his high IQ mind.


Put both these names into Google search--after that your respect for thief
Newton and party will come down by a million notches to below chart datum.


The VIBGYOR sunlight spectrum of Newton can still been seen in Indian temples
made in BC, along with amazing pinhole cameras .  These rainbow colours were
given to the 7 Chakras of the human body as early as 9000 BC.

Newton is indeed the King of thieves, like how Maradona is the King of soccer.


Newtons laws of motion were lifted from the Sanskrit texts of 4000 BC and
Aryabhatta’s written work in 2700 BC in Sanskrit.. Newton of course had NO dang
idea of quantum consciousness-- nor the intelligence to comprehend it..

Newtons gravity laws whig makes attraction a sort of magnetic pull is all
bullshit. It is explained in GURUTVAKARSHAN that gravity is a property of matter
and akasha warp.

His second law about Force - Mass X acceleration is in several of our Vedic
texts.

Newton's third law-about every action has an equal and opposite reaction is in
our 5000 year old Panchantra stories--"whether a leaf falls on a thorn or a
thron falls on a leaf, the effect is the same" The mathematical proofs which
Newton gave on his own ( which were not lifted ) is all bullshit!

Without understanding GURUTVAKARSHAN ,( the curvature of spacetime in a strong
gravitational field and the effect on velocity -the acceleration of a radially
falling object ) , and hence not having the foggest of idea what is gravity-- he
published his classical gravity theories in haste just to patent the gravity
knowledge --ala Calculus

Calculus was written in Malayalam atleast 200 years before Newton was born, by
the Kerala school of Calculus. Calculus in Sanskrit was written 4800 years ago.

Newton did NOT have the intelligence to understand Vedic Calculus, as it used
Vedic mathematics done with lightening speed. Calculus , in divisive and joining
modes was used to monitor and measure Astronomical and Astrological change,
without which it is impossible.

The whole world knows about 5000 year old Indian astrology books. Both Newton
and Leibniz could NOT apprecaite the FRACTAL nature of Vedic Calculus, as there
were no computers in that era-- for this you need a fractal mind like that of
Aryabhatta or Parameshwaran.


Recently the Freemasons got a American Jew by the name of David Bressoud elected
as the President of the Mathematical association of America. This Computer
science professor’s ( Macalester )  job was to go around shouting from the
rooftops that Kerala Calculus was never seen by anybody outside Kerala. A small
bird told him TEE HEEE!







“ Honest, guys East India company never stole Kerala Calculus and gave it to
Newton.  Isaac  Newton is the old father of Calculus and I David Bressoud who is
the modern father of Calculus and an expert having spontaneous knowledge ,
solemnly vouch for this  !”. He got all the Rothschild controlled media to write
this.  The Rothschild propaganda machine Zionist Wikepedia Internet Encyclopedia
is the lastest to join this diabolical chorus.

David Bressoud has been rewarded for subverting history. Who knows they might
bury him between Newton and Darwin ( Rothschild stooges ) at Westminister Abbey.

"... even when Indian ideas are demonstrated to be correct there is the racist
"... propensity to argue that the Indian understanding was just an ad hoc lucky
"... guess -- which is perilously close to what now passes for scientific
"... knowledge." -- Vine Deloria Jr., historian, 1997

“When Vedic ideas are proved correct, it is just dreaming , come right.    When
“Western work ( lifted from ancient Vedanta ) is proved right, it is scientific
“knowledge ” --  Nikola Tesla .

Pythogorus stole his theorem from Vedic texts 2500 years ago . Pythagoras was a
student of Mathematics in India .



The 6000 year old Vedic texts taken to Palestine by King David's mistress the
attractive dusky long haired Bathsheba ( Solomon's mother ) from Calicut in 3000
years ago.  A lot of these ancient palm leaf texts were recovered from the
Solomon's temple at Jerusalem by the Templar Knights .




P. Johnstone: “Gravitation was known to the Hindus (Indians) before the birth of
Newton. The system of blood circulation was discovered by them centuries before
Harvey was heard of.”

 

Vedic written records are 7000 years old --as proved by Carbon dating.

Some excerpts:--  Newton lifted only whatever he could understand-- rest he
thrashed --


Aryabhatta’s (2700 BC),  formula giving the tat-kalika-gati (instantaneous
motion) is given by the following -

u'- v' = v' - v ± e (sin w' - sin w) (i) where u, v, w are the true longitude,
mean longitude, mean anomaly respectively at any particular time and u', v', w'
the values of the respective quantities at a subsequent instant; and e is the
eccentricity or the sine of the greatest equation of the orbit.

"True motion in minutes is equal to the cosine (of the mean anomaly) multiplied
by the difference (of the mean anomalies) and divided by the cheda, added or
subtracted contrarily (to the mean motion)." δu = δv ± e cos θ δ θ.

Proof of the Differential Formula

Let a point P (See Fig. 1) move on a circle. Let its position at two successive
intervals be denoted by P and Q. Now, if P and Q are taken very near each other,
the direction of motion in the interval PQ is the same as that of the tangent at
P.

Let PT be measured along the tangent at P equal to the arc PQ. Then PT would be
the motion of the point P if its velocity at P had not changed direction.
 

"The difference between the longitudes of a planet found at any time on a
"certain day and at the same time on the following day is called its (sphuta)
"gati (true rate of motion) for that interval of time.

The tatkalika-gati (instantaneous motion) of a planet is the motion which it
would have, had its velocity during any given interval of time remained
uniform."

In the figure given above, let the arc PQ = A. Then  R (sin BOQ - sin BOP) = QN
- PM = Qn which is the Bhogya Khanda

Now from the similar triangles PTr and PMO R : PT : : R cos w : Tr
................ (iii) Tr = PT cos w.  But Tr = R(sin w' - sin w) and PT = R(w'
- w) (sin w' - sin w) = (w' - w) cos w.

Thus the Tat-kalika Bhogya Khanda (the instantaneous sine difference) in modern
notation is δ (sin θ) = cos θ δ θ.

This formula has been used by Bhaskara to calculate the ayana-valana ("angle of
position").

the epithet Tat-kalika (instantaneous) gati (motion) to denote these
differentials.

Theory of proportion (similar triangles) –

(1) The sine-difference sin θ + δ θ) - sin θ varies as the cosine and decreases
(as θ increases. 2) The cosine-difference cos θ + δ θ) - cos θ varies as the
(sine negatively and numerically increases as θ increases. 1) The difference of
(the sine-difference varys as the sine negatively and increases numerically)
(with the angle. 2) The difference of the cosine-difference varys as the cosine
(negatively and decreases numerically) with the angle.

For Δ2 (sin θ),




the differential of an inverse sine function. This result--



if Tn denotes the nth jya (or Rsine), Cn the circumference of the corresponding
circle, An the area of the nth annulus and S the area of the surface of the
sphere, then we shall have






the summation being taken so as to include all the Rsines in a quadrant of the
circle. Since there are ordinarily 24 Rsines in a Hindu trigonometrical table,
we have

Hence approximately S = 21600 x 2 x 3437 Area of the surface = circumference x
diameter.

If ln denotes the length of the nth transverse arc, we have


 





Therefore,





the summation being taken so as to include all the Rsines.




Hence the area of a lune is numerically equal to the diameter of the sphere. As
the number of limes is equal to the number of parts of the circumference of the
sphere, we get

Area of the surface = circumference x diameter. It pays to remember that 4600
years back,  half this planet was doing grunt grunt for language and wearing
animal skins!

Rothschild , who owned British East India company gave a lot of stolen Vedic
Maths and Astronomy papers in Sanskrit to their bloodline represented by German
Jew Sir Frederick William Herschel ( 1738-1822 ) from Hanover. But this man was
NOT smart enough. So Rothschild made a observatory for him, so that he could
atleast patent the vedic Astronomical data in his name.

The British made a big hue and cry when William "discovered " Uranus on March
13th 1781--  hi hi the stupid Indians never knew all this. .  They were jubilant
as Indian Vedic astrology does NOT use Uranus ( Shweta ) Neptune ( Shyama )
Pluto ( Teevra ), just because they are too far away to affect your DNA and they
stay in one single rashi for too long.  Vedic rishi astrologists did NOT need a
telescope, they read off from Aakashik records.


Ptolemy came to India in 155 AD, and he stole from the astronomical data from
Surya Siddhanta (12.85-90) , the most significant being the diameters of
Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn . You must understand that these
diameters were calculated accurately more than 6 millenniums ago when even the
atmospheric refraction of earth was different.

Much before in 500 BC Pythagoras came to India and stole his theorem.


William passed over the stolen ( translated to English by Kashmiri Pandits )
papers to his son, Sir John Frederick Hershel, ( 1792-1871 ) an English citizen.
He made full use of the Chemical and Botanical Vedic papers too. He also dabbled
with Kerala Calculus. This man is buried next to Isaac Newton and Charles
Darwin, in Westminister Abbey-- next to the English Kings--probably to
ironically reveal, that these men were NOT scientists , but thieving
politicians.

John send his son Sir William James Herschel ( 1833 -1917 ) to steal more, which
he did --and how! He patented the ancient Indian finger printing method . The
Indian Panchatantra stories, which were written 5000 years ago, have episodes of
written contracts , signed by a indelible Indian ink thumb print. James was
Rothschilds represenative in India, overseeing the change over after the First
war of Independence ( Sepoy's mutiny ) in 1857--merrily taking finger prints all
all and sundry--this man really got a kick out of all this.

THREE CHEERS TO ALL THE THREE SIR HERSCHEL JEWS!

( Sorry, you thieves never expected an Internet age, right? -- you thought your
( Freemason controlled peer reviewed magazines will keep your illgotten fame
( intact , right? )

Have a look at 7000 year old Vedic mathematics below, when the whole world was
doing grunt, grunt for language, and eating raw meat, and living in caves !!









Gravity thief Isaac Newton stole everything from GURUTWAKARSHANA the pioneering
work in Sankrit of astronomer Mihira Muni ( sage Varahamihira ) in 2660 BC.
Mihira Muni was the disciple of Mathematician Aryabhatta.  Mihira Muni's
observatory was at Sultan Bathery , Western Ghat mountains , Kerala --where
today you can see a 3800 year old Jain temple --converted by Muslim Invader Tipu
Sultan as his fort. He stayed at Kapletta at a lake by the name of Pookode lake.



Without understanding the concept of Akasha , written in Vedic texts --   he
hastily propounded the " Aether Wave theory"-- and fell flat on his face when
asked to explain refraction of light and diffusion. ( the same way his
gravitation theory is bullshit too- little knowledge is a dangerous thing !. He
escaped sarcasm till the internet age.).



7000 years before Isaac Newton wrote about the colour spectrum in his book
Opticks, it was writen in Vedic science text Samba Purana--by observing water
fall rainbows.



You can even see this spectrum inside our 4000 year old temples with pinhole
cameras which gave inverted colour images. (Pin hole camera credit was given to
Leonardo Da Vinci.)



 

Above is a BBC documentary on Madhavan, Aryabhatta ( they say 600 AD while it is
2700 BC ) , and Liebniz-- naturally being British ( typical amnesia ) they left
our Newton.


When super genius Indian Mathematician Srinivasan Ramanujan arrived at London,
he was greeted by Professor Hardy. Hardy made a innocent remark that the number
of the taxi , he came in is 1729-- a boring number.

Ramanujan looked at the number plate himself and replied casually in a knee jerk
manner "No, actually it is a very interesting number. .It is the smallest
natural number representable in two different ways as the sum of two cubes"

--and then this brilliant man told the equation on the spot



Today the West have recorded this as the HARDY-RAMANUJAN NUMBER.

Well Hardy listened damn well, right?

What a joke!

While on this subject-- ancient Vedic 12 strand Maharishis saw numbers as
FRACTAL 3D GEOMETRY like our Sri Yantra. A 2 strand DNA person like you and me
can never understand what this means. Such knee jerk response for 1729 by
Ramanujan is possible only by beautiful minds who can see numbers as pictures.

HERE ARE SOME CONTENTS OF VEDIC TEXTS - RIDICULED BY THE WHITE MAN AS SHEPHERD'S
VERSES AND THEN THROWN INTO THE DUSTBIN ( LATER TO BE QUIETLY TAKEN ABROAD FOR
PATENTING IN OWN NAME )--

JUST A FEW AMONG HUNDREDS OF BOOKS




Contents: 1 Actual Applications Of The Vedic Sutras. 2 Arithmetical
Computations. 3 Multiplication. Practical Application In "Compound
Multiplication" Practice And Proportion In "Compound Multiplication". 4 Division
By The Nikhilam Method. 5 Division By The Paravartya Method. 6 Argumental
Division Linking Note (Recapitulation And Conclusion). 7 Factorisation (Of
Simple Quadratics). 8 Factorisation (Of Harder Quadratics). 9 Factorisation Of
Cubics Etc. 10 Highest Common Factor. 11 Simple Equations (First Principles). 12
Simple Equations (By Sunyam Etc.)13 Merger Type Of Simple Easy Equations. 14
Complex Mergers. 15 Simultaneous Simple Equations. 16 Miscellaneous (Simple)
Equations. 17 Quadratic Equations. 18 Cubic Equations. 19 Bi-Quadratic
Equations. 20 Multiple Simultaneous Equations. 21 Simultaneous Quadratic
Equations. 22 Factorisation And Differential Calculus. 23 Partial Fractions. 24
Integration By Partial Fractions. 25 The Vedic Numerical Code. 26 Recurring
Decimals. 27 Straight Division. 28 Auxiliary Fractions. 29 Divisibility And
Simple Osculators. 30 Divisibility And Complex Multiplex Osculators. 31 Sum And
Difference Of Squares. 32 Elementary Squaring, Cubing Etc. 33 Straight Squaring.
34 Vargamula (Square Root). 35 Cube Roots Of Exact Cubes. 36 Cube Roots
(General). 37 Pythagoras' Theorem Etc. 38 Apollonius' Theorem. 39 Analytical
Conics.


Rapid geometry techniques and calculations developed from Vedic Maths, a
popularized version of "Geometry For an Oral Tradition", listed below. Contents:
Angles, Triangles & Quadrilaterals; Properties of a Circle; Multiplication &
Area; Parallels & Parallelograms; Similar Triangle' Equality & Equations; Number
Arithemetic, Geometry & Algebra; Equal Areas & Similar Triangles; Further
Properties of Circles; Pythagoras' Theorem; Proportion Congruence, Magnitudes
and Lines; Part B: Angles, Parallels, Triangles And Quadrilaterals; Part C:
Concerning ;Area Equalities And Similar Triangles Part D: Elementary Properties
Of A Circle; COMMENTARY: Part I: Some Basics; Part II: Language And Reason; Part
III: Comparisons With Euclid's Elements; Par IV: Movement In Geometry; Part V:
The Valid Use Of Figures;


Vedic Sutra or Sub-sutra and applications.   Vedic solutions to GCSE  1 All From
Nine And The Last From Ten; 2 Vertically And Crosswise; 3 Proportionately; 4 By
Addition And By Subtraction; 5 By Alternate Elimination And Retention; 6 By Mere
Observation; 7 Using The Average; 8 Transpose And Apply; 9 One In Ratio- The
Other One Zero; 10 When The Samuccaya Is The Same It Is Zero; 11 The First By
The First And The Last By The Last; 12 By The Completion Or Non-Completion; 13
By One More Than The One Before; 14 The Product Of The Sum Is The Sum Of The
Products; 15 Only The Last Terms; 16 Calculus; .


Mental mathematics(Vedic Maths). Introduction; 1 On The Flag Calculating From
Left To Right; 2 Proportionately Multiplication Devices Involving Doubling And
Halving; 3 By One More Than The One Before Squaring Numbers That End In 5; A
Special Type Of Multiplication; 4 The First By The First And The Last By The
Last Calculating Checks; A Special Type Of Multiplication; 5 All From 9 And The
Last From 10 Numbers Near A Base; Subtraction; Numbers Near Different Bases;
Multiplying Three Numbers Simultaneously; Squaring Numbers Near A Base;
Multiplication By 9's; Addition And Subtraction; 6 Vertically And Crosswise
General Multiplication: Multiplying 2-Figure Numbers, 3-Figure Numbers, Moving
Multiplier Method, 3 And 4-Figure Multiplication; General Squaring; Division-
Divisor Near A Base; General Division; 7 Using The Average Products Using An
Average; 8 By Addition And By Subtraction Squares From Squares; Products From
Products; 9 By Mere Observation Use Of Special Numbers; Proofs


Vedic Maths Sutra, “Vertically & Crosswise”, ranging from elementary
multiplication, etc. to the solution of non-linear partial differential
equations. It deals with (i) calculation of common functions and their series
expansions, and (ii) the solution of equations, starting with simultaneous
equations and moving on to algebraic, transcendental and differential equations.
The text contains exercises and answers. Contents: 1 Introduction To The
Vertically And Crosswise Sutra; 2 Combined Operations Of Elementary Arithmetic;
3 Evaluation Of Determinants; 4 The Solution Of Simultaneous Linear Equations; 5
Inversion Of Matrices; 6 Curve-Fitting; 7 Evaluation Of Logarithms And
Exponentials; 8 Change Of Roots Of Equations; 9 Sine, Cosine And Inverse
Tangent; 10 Inverse Sine And Cosine And Tangent; 11 Transcendental Equations; 12
Solution Of Cubic And Higher Order Equations13 Functions Of Polynomials; 14
Functions Of Bipolynomials; 15 The Solution Of Linear And Non-Linear
Differential, Integral And Integro-Differential Equations; 16 The Solution Of
Linear And Non-Linear Partial Differential Equations.


Contents: 1 TRIPLES: The Triple Theorem; Some Historical Background; Notation
for Triples; Equal, Prime and Complementary; Triples; Some Perfect Triples;2
TRIPLE ARITHMETIC; Addition of Triples; Double Angle; Triple Subtraction;
Quadrant Angles; Triple Geometry; Angles of 30°, 60°, 45° etc.; Half Angle;
Simplifying Calculations; Summary. 3 TRIPLE TRIGONOMETRY: Introduction; Inverse
Functions; The General Triple; Solution of Trigonometrical Equations; Further
Trigonometrical Equations- A; Further Trigonometrical Equations- B; Further
Trigonometrical Equations- C. 4 TRANSFORMATIONS IN A PLANE: Transposition of the
Origin; Rotations; Spirals; Integration of cosx etc.; Rotation of Lines and
Curves; Reflections. 5 COORDINATE GEOMETRY: Length of Perpendicular; Foot of
Perpendicular; Angle between Two Lines; Equation of a Line; Further Examples. 6
CODE NUMBERS: Grouping Triples; Code Numbers; Geometrical Significance of the
Code Numbers; Code Number Pairs; Code Numbers as Triples; Algebraic Formulation;
Converting Code Numbers to Triples; Converting Triples to Code Numbers; Addition
and Subtraction of Code Numbers; Code Numbers of Code Numbers; Code Numbers of
Complementary Triples; Code Numbers of Supplementary Triples; Code Numbers for
0°, 90°, 180°, 270°; Relation between Code Numbers and Angles; Further Examples;
Summary. 7 SOLUTION OF TRIANGLES: Angle Deficiency Formula; The Sine Formula;
The Code Number Formula.8 FURTHER APPLICATIONS OF TRIPLES: Solution of
Equations; Complex Numbers; Conics; Difference and Sum of Squares; Incircles and
Circumcircles; The Golden Triple; 9 ANGLES IN PERFECT TRIPLES: Revision; Triples
and Their Angles; Finding the Angle in a Given Triple; Further Applications of
Code Numbers; Finding a Triple with a Given Angle; A Refinement.10 SINE, COSINE,
TANGENT & INVERSES: Sine, Cosine and Tangent; Inverse Cosine and Inverse Sine;
Inverse Tangent.11 HYPERBOLIC FUNCTIONS: Addition and Subtraction; Double Angle;
Equations. 12 APPLIED MATHS APPLICATIONS: Simple Harmonic Motion; Projectiles;
Forces in Equilibrium; Work Done by a Force and Moment of a Force. 13 THE TRIPLE
METHOD: Range of Application; Deriving the Conventional Formulae; Two
Comparisons of the Conventional and Triple Methods. 14 QUADRUPLES: Introduction;
Quadruple Generators; Obtaining the Code Numbers of a Perfect Quadruple; The
Coordinate Axes; Quadruple Subtraction; Comparative Densities of Perfect Triples
and Quadruples. 15 APPLICATIONS OF QUADRUPLES: Coordinate Geometry; Work and
Moment; Rotation about Coordinate axis; 3-Dimensional Rotation of Curves;
Rotation Conicoids. 16 QUADRUPLES IN ASTRONOMY: Addition of Perpendicular
Triples. Change of Coordinate System; Quadruples and Orbits; Quadruple for given
i, A; Inclination of Orbit; Quadruple Subtraction;. Quadruple Addition; Doubling
and Halving a Quadruple; Code Number Addition and Subtraction; Angle in a
Quadruple; Angular Advance; Relationship between d, A; To Obtain a Quadruple
with a Given Inclination. PROOFS. -INDEX OF VEDIC FORMULA


List of Sutras and three other short but interesting sections (e.g.
Triangle,Vedic Maths, Fractals). Vedic Mathematics.. Book 1 Basic arithmetic,
proportion, decimals, basic algebra and geometry, polygons, area, volume etc


Book 2 extends this, covering fractions, probability, sequences, negative
numbers, percentages, equations, graphs, charts, transformations, bearings,
Vedic Maths, etc. recurring decimals, square and cube roots, division,
divisibility, the musical scale, formulae, simultaneous equations, quadratic
equations, proof, similar triangles, area of a circle, nets, conic sections,
loci, motion, vectors, theorems, triples, coordinate geometry, Vedic Maths, etc


Contents: Introduction to Vedic Mathematics. Prediction of Eclipses: Prediction
of the Times Of Contact of the Moon’s Penumbral and Umbral Shadows With the
Earth. Partial Phase. Total Phase. Approximate Position of the Eclipse Path.
Time of Total Eclipse For an Observer on Earth. Bessel’s Method, Early Eclipse
Prediction, Solution of Eclipse Equation. Kepler’s Equation: A Transcendental
Equation, Solution of Kepler’s Equation. Introduction to Triples: Notation &
Combination, Triple Addition, Quadrant Triples, Rotations, Subtraction, Half-
Angle Triple. Triple Code Numbers, Angles in Perfect Triples. Prediction of
Planetary Positions: Heliocentric Position, Mean Anomaly, Geocentric Position,
Geocentric Longitude, Geocentric Correction, Planet Finder. Spherical Triangles
Using Triples: Triple Notation & Formulae for Spherical Trigonometry, Cosine
Rule to Find an Angle, Sine Rule to Find Angle, Cotangent Rule to Find Angle,
Polar Cosine Rule. Right Angled Spherical Triangles. Spherical Triangles Using
Code Numbers. Determinants. Quadruples. Addition of Perpendicular Triples,
Rotation About A Coordinate Axis. Quadruples & Orbits, Inclination of Orbit,
Angle Between Two Directions. Inclination of Planetary Orbits. Calculation of
Radius Vector.


Series of works on the multifaceted aspects of the Magic Square connecting it
with numerous Geometric Applications and Vedic Mathematics. Contents: What is a
Majik Square? MS of 3 or Lo-Shu, How to Draw MS Yantras; How To Rotate MS
Yantras; MS of Order of 4 or Jupiter; Selection of 880 MS of 4; Indian Jaina MS
of 4;  Square of 4; Magic Squares of the Order of 5;  MS5; Sufi MS5; MS Order of
6; Harmony Square of 6; Ancient Hindu Swastika of Peace; MS Order 7; Solutions
to Harmony Squares

Multifaceted aspects of the Magic Square connecting it with numerous Geometric
Applications and Vedic Mathematics. Contents: Introduction to  Harmony Square or
8x8; Other Harmony Squares of 8x8; Construction of 8x8 Harmony Square; Ancient
Brahmin’s Knight’s Tour of 8x8; Queen’s Tour; Jaina Harmony Square of 8x8; 8x8
Spiral of Triangles; Majik Square of 9x9; How to Construct By Method of
TransPosition; The Uni-Centered  Squares of 5x5 & 9x9; Extended Elongated
Knight’s Moves of 9x9; 9x9 Lozenge;  Composite Harmony 9x9; Construction of an
Enneagon; The Shri Yantra, 9 Triangles; In Search of Patterns; Majik Square of
10x10; The Majik One Hundred; Construction & Harmonics of a Decagon; Visual
Patterns In  Triangle; The Mystic Quadrature of the Circle; Solutions.

Series of works on the multifaceted aspects of the Magic Square connecting it
with numerous Geometric Applications and Vedic Mathematics. Contents: Majik
Square of 11x11; An Alternative Pattern Harmony Square of 11x11; The divine
Signet Star; MS of 12x12; Composite MS of 12x12; 12x12 Knight’s Tour(Semi-Magic
Square); 6 point Star Yantram; The Mystic Rose; Pleadian 12 Chakra Meditation;
MS of 16x16; Trataka; Introducing the Visual Multiplication Table & Reduction
Grids of 1&8, 2&7, 3&6, 4&5, 9; In Atomic Art of Platinum Crystal & Beryllium


List of Sutras and three other short but interesting sections (e.g.  Triangle,
Fractals). Book 1 deals mainly with basic arithmetic, proportion, decimals,
basic algebra and geometry, polygons, area, volume etc. Book 2 extends this,
covering fractions, probability, sequences, negative numbers, percentages,
equations, graphs, charts, transformations, bearings etc. Book 3 develops this
further into recurring decimals, square and cube roots, division, divisibility,
the musical scale, formulae, simultaneous equations, quadratic equations, proof,
similar triangles, area of a circle, nets, conic sections, loci, motion,
vectors,  theorem, triples, coordinate geometry etc.

  
The Ten Point Circle; Multiples of Ten; Deficiency from Ten; Deficiency and
Completion Together Mental Addition; Completing the Whole; Columns of Figures;
By Addition and By Subtraction; Subtracting Numbers Near a Base; LESSON 2
DOUBLING AND HALVING: Doubling; Multiplying by 4, 8 Halving; Splitting Numbers;
Dividing by 4, 8; Extending your Tables; Multiplying by 5, 50, 25 Dividing by 5,
50, 25; Dividing by 5; Dividing by 50, 25; LESSON 3 DIGIT SUMS: Adding Digits;
The Nine Point; Circle; Casting out Nines; Digit Sum Puzzles; More Digit Sum
Puzzles; The Digit Sum Check Multiplication Check; The Vedic square; Patterns
from the Vedic Square; Number Nine; LESSON 4 LEFT TO RIGHT: Addition: Left to
Right; Multiplication: Left to Right; Doubling and Halving; Subtraction: Left to
Right; Checking Subtraction Sums; More Subtractions; LESSON 5 ALL FROM 9 AND THE
LAST FROM 10: All From 9 and the Last from 10; Subtraction Adding Zeros; One
Less; One More; One Less Again; Money LESSON 6 NUMBER SPLITTING: Addition;
Subtraction; Multiplication; Division; LESSON 7 BASE MULTIPLICATION: Times
Tables; Numbers just Over Ten; Multiplication Table Patterns; Recurring
Decimals; Numbers Close to 100; Mentally; Numbers Over 100 Mental Maths; Russian
Peasant; Multiplication; Larger Numbers; Numbers Above the Base;
Proportionately; Another Application of Proportionately; Multiplying Numbers
near Different Bases; Squaring Numbers near a Base; A Summary. LESSON 8 CHECKING
AND DIVISIBILITY Digit Sum Check for Division The First by the First and the
Last by the Last The First by the First The Last by the Last Divisibility by 4
Divisibility by 11 Remainder after Division by 11 Another Digit Sum Check LESSON
9 BAR NUMBERS Removing Bar Numbers All from 9 and the Last from 10 Subtraction
Creating Bar Numbers Using Bar Numbers LESSON 10 SPECIAL MULTIPLICATION
Multiplication by 11 Carries Longer Numbers By One More than the One Before
Multiplication by Nines The First by the First and the Last by the Last Using
the Average Special Numbers Repeating Numbers Proportionately Disguises LESSON
11 GENERAL MULTIPLICATION Revision Two- Figure Numbers Carries Moving Multiplier
Extension Multiplying Binomials Multiplying 3-Figure Numbers Written
Calculations LESSON 12 SQUARING Squaring Numbers that end in 5 Squaring Numbers
Near 50 General Squaring The Duplex Number Splitting Algebraic Squaring Digit
Sums of squares Square Roots of Perfect Squares 3 and 4 Figure Numbers LESSON 13
EQUATIONS One-step Equations Two-step Equations Three-step Equations LESSON 14
FRACTIONS Vertically and Crosswise A Simplification Comparing Fractions
Unification of Operations LESSON 15 SPECIAL DIVISION Division by 9 Longer
Numbers Carries A Short Cut Division by 8 etc. Division by 99, 98 etc. Divisor
Below a Base Number Two-Figure answers Divisor Above a Base Number LESSON 16 THE
CROWNING GEM Single Figure on the Flag Short Division Digression Longer Numbers
Negative Flag Digits Decimalising the Remainder; SUTRAS AND SUB-SUTRAS;9-POINT
CIRCLES; REFERENCES;INDEX OF THE VEDIC FORMULAE






1 Basic Devices Introduction Digit Sums Left to Right Addition Multiplication
Advantages of left to Right Calcn Writing Left to Right Sums Checking Devices
Subtraction Subtraction from Left to Right Checking Subtraction Sums LESSON 2
MORE BASIC DEVICES Number Splitting Addition 14 / Subtraction Multiplication 16
/ Division All from 9 and the Last from 10 Subtraction from a Base Calculations
Involving Money First Extension Second Extension Combining the Extensions Bar
Numbers Advantages of Bar Numbers General Subtraction LESSON 3 SPECIAL METHODS
Proportionately Doubling and Halving Extending the Multiplication Tables
Multiplying by 5, 50, 25 All from 9 and the Last from 10: Multiplication Numbers
just below 100 Geometrical Proof Algebraic Proof Other Bases Numbers above the
Base One Number ABOVE and one below the Base Proportionately Multiplying Numbers
near Different Bases Squaring Numbers near a Base Mental Calculations Special
methods LESSON 4 BY ONE MORE THAN THE ONE BEFORE Special Multiplications
Squaring Numbers that End in 5 A Variation Multiplication Summary Recurring
Decimals Denominator Ending in 9 Proof A Short Cut Proportionately Longer
Numerators LESSON 5 AUXILIARY FRACTIONS Auxiliary Fractions: First Type
Denominators Ending in 8, 7, 6 Auxiliary Fractions: Second Type Denominators
Ending in 1 Alternative Method Denominators Ending in 2, 3, 4 Working 2, 3 etc.
Figures at a Time LESSON 6 VERTICALLY AND CROSSWISE Fractions Adding &
Subtracting Fractions Proof A Simplification Comparing Fractions Multiplication
and Division General Multiplication Revision Multiplying 2-Figure Numbers
Explanation Explanation of earlier special method The Digit Sum Check
Multiplying 3-Figure Numbers Moving Multiplier Algebraic Multiplications The
Digit Sum Check Three-Figure Numbers Four-Figure Numbers Writing Left to Right
Sums From Right to Left setting the sums out Using Bar Numbers LESSON 7 SQUARES
AND SQUARE ROOTS General Squaring Two-Figure Numbers Number Splitting Algebraic
Squaring Squaring Longer Numbers Written Calculations – Left to Right Written
Calculations – Right to Left Square Roots of Perfect Squares LESSON 8 SPECIAL
MULTIPLICATION METHODS Special Numbers Repeating Numbers Proportionately
Disguises Using the Average PROOF Multiplication by Nines Multiplication by 11
Percentages Increasing Reducing LESSON 9 TRIPLES Definitions Triples for 45°,
30° and 60° Triple Addition Double Angle Variations of 3,4,5 Quadrant Angles
Rotations LESSON 10 SPECIAL DIVISION Division by Nine Adding Digits A Short Cut
Dividing by 8 Algebraic Division Dividing by 11, 12 etc. Larger Divisors Divisor
just Below a Base A Simplification Divisor just Above a Base Proportionately
LESSON 11 STRAIGHT DIVISION Single Figure on the Flag Short Division Digression
Longer Numbers Multiplication Reversed Decimalising the Remainder Negative Flag
Digits Larger Divisors ALGEBRAIC DIVISION LESSON 12 EQUATIONS Linear One x Term
Two x Terms Quadratic Equations Simultaneous Equations By Addition and By
Subtraction A Special Type General Method Another Special Type LESSON 13
APPLICATIONS OF TRIPLES Triple Subtraction Triple Geometry Angle Between Two
Lines Half Angle Coordinate Geometry Gradients Circle Problems Length of
Perpendicular LESSON 14 SQUARE ROOTS Squaring Square Root of a Perfect square
Preamble Two-Figure Answer Reversing Squaring Three-Figure Answer Reversing
Squaring General Square Roots Changing the Divisor Heuristic Proof LESSON 15
DIVISIBILITY Elementary Parts The Ekadhika Osculation Explanation Testing Longer
Numbers Other Divisors The Negative Osculator LESSON 16 COMBINED CALCULATIONS
Algebraic Arithmetic Pythagoras Theorem SUTRAS AND SUB-SUTRAS 9-POINT CIRCLES -
INDEX OF THE VEDIC FORMULAE INDEX .






LEFT TO RIGHT CALCULATIONS 1.1 INTRODUCTION 1.2 ADDITION 1.3 MULTIPLICATION
Advantages OF LEFT TO RIGHT CALCULATION 1.4 WRITING LEFT TO RIGHT SUMS 1.5
SUBTRACTION 1.6 DIGIT SUMS 1.7 CHECKING DEVICES CHECKING SUBTRACTION SUMS 1.8
ALL FROM 9 AND THE LAST FROM 10 1.8a SUBTRACTION FROM A BASE 1.8b BAR NUMBERS
ADVANTAGES OF BAR NUMBERS 1.8c GENERAL SUBTRACTION LESSON 2 SPECIAL METHODS 2.1
MULTIPLICATION NEAR A BASE 2.1a Numbers just below the base 2.1.b Above the base
2.1c Above and below 2.1d Proportionately 2.1e With different bases 2.2 MENTAL
CALCULATIONS 2.3 SPECIAL NUMBERS 2.3a Repeating numbers 2.3b Proportionately
2.3c Disguises 2.4 DIVISION BY NINE 2.4a Adding Digits 2.4b A Short Cut 2.4c
Dividing by 8 2.4d Algebraic Division 2.4e Dividing by 11, 12 etc. LESSON 3
RECURRING DECIMALS 3.1 DENOMINATOR ENDING IN 9 3.2 A SHORT CUT 3.3
PROPORTIONATELY 3.4 LONGER NUMERATORS 3.5 DENOMINATORS ENDING IN 8, 7, 6 3.6
DENOMINATORS ENDING IN 1 3.7 DENOMINATORS ENDING IN 2, 3, 4 3.8 WORKING 2, 3
ETC. FIGURES AT A TIME LESSON 4 TRIPLES 4.1 Definitions 4.2 Triples for 45°, 30°
and 60° 4.3 Triple Addition 4.4 Double Angle 4.5 Variations of 3,4,5 4.6
Quadrant Angles 4.7 Rotations LESSON 5 GENERAL MULTIPLICATION 5.1 TWO-Figure
Numbers Explanation/ The Digit Sum Check 5.2 Moving Multiplier 5.3 Algebraic
PRODUCTS The Digit Sum Check 5.4 Three-Figure Numbers 5.5 Four-Figure Numbers
5.6 Writing Left to Right Sums 5.7 From Right to Left setting the sums out 5.8
Using Bar Numbers LESSON 6 SOLUTION OF EQUATIONS 6.1 TRANSPOSE AND APPLY 6.1a
SIMPLE EQUATIONS 6.1b MORE THAN ONE X TERM 6.2 SIMULTANEOUS EQUATIONS 6.2a
GENERAL SOLUTION 6.2b Special Types 6.3 QUADRATIC EQUATIONS 6.4 ONE IN RATIO THE
OTHER ONE ZERO 6.5 MERGERS 6.6 WHEN THE SAMUCCAYA IS THE SAME IT IS ZERO 6.6a
Samuccaya as a common factor 6.6b Samuccaya as the Product of the Independent
Terms 6.6c Samuccaya as the Sum of the Denominators 6.6d Samuccaya as a
Combination or Total Proof/ EXTENSION 6.6e other typeS 6.7 THE ULTIMATE AND
TWICE THE PENULTIMATE 6.8 ONLY THE LAST TERMS 6.9 SUMMATION OF SERIES 6.10
FACTORISATION LESSON 7 SQUARES AND SQUARE ROOTS 7.1 Squaring 2-FIGURE NUMBERS
7.2 Algebraic Squaring 7.3 Squaring Longer Numbers 7.4 Written Calculations 7.4a
Left to Right 7.4b Right to Left 7.5 Square Roots of Perfect Squares LESSON 8
APPLICATIONS OF TRIPLES 8.1 Triple Subtraction 8.2 Triple Geometry 8.3 Angle
Between Two Lines 8.4 Half Angle 8.5 Coordinate Geometry 8.5a Gradients 8.5b
Length of Perpendicular 8.5c Circle Problems 8.5d EQUATION OF A LINE 8.6 COMPLEX
NUMBERS CONTENTS LESSON 9 DIVISIBILITY 9.1 Elementary Parts 9.2 The Ekadhika 9.3
Osculation Explanation 9.4 Testing Longer Numbers 9.5 Other Divisors 9.6 The
Negative Osculator 9.7 OSCULATING WITH GROUPS OF DIGITS LESSON 10 STRAIGHT
DIVISION 10.1 Single Figure on the Flag 10.2 Short Division Digression 10.3
Longer Numbers Multiplication Reversed 10.4 Decimalising the Remainder 10.5
Negative Flag Digits 10.6 Larger Divisors 10.7 ALGEBRAIC DIVISION LESSON 11
SQUARE ROOTS 11.1 Squaring 11.2 Square Root of a Perfect square 11.2a Preamble
11.2b Two-Figure Answer Reversing Squaring 11.2c Three-Figure Answer Reversing
Squaring 11.3 General Square Roots 11.4 Changing the Divisor Heuristic Proof
11.5 ALGEBRAIC SQUARE ROOTS LESSON 12 TRIPLE TRIGONOMETRY 12.1 COMPOUND ANGLES
12.2 INVERSE FUNCTIONS 12.3 THE GENERAL TRIPLE 12.4 TRIGONOMETRIC EQUATIONS
12.4a SIMPLE EQUATIONS 12.4b A SPECIAL TYPE LESSON 13 COMBINED OPERATIONS 13.1
Algebraic 13.2 Arithmetic 13.2a SUMS OF PRODUCTS 13.2b ADDITION AND DIVISION
13.2c STRAIGHT DIVISION 13.2d MEAN AND MEAN DEVIATION 13.2e DIVIDING SUMS OF
PRODUCTS 13,2f VARIANCE 13.3 Theorems LESSON 14 SOLUTION OF POLYNOMIAL EQUATIONS
14.1 QUADRATIC EQUATIONS 14.1a x > 1 PROOF 14.1b x < –1 14.1c 0 < x < 1 14.1d 0
< x < 1 and x2 Coefficient > 1 14.1e –1 < x < 0 14.1f x LARGE 14.2 HIGHER ORDER
EQUATIONS 14.2a CUBE ROOT 14.2b CUBIC EQUATIONS A SIMPLIFICATION A CUBIC WITH 0
< x < 1 14.2c QUINTICS LESSON 15 CALCULUS METHODS 15.1 Partial Fractions 15.2
Integration by ‘Parts’ TRUNCATING 15.3 BINOMIAL AND MACLAURIN THEOREMS 15.4
Derivatives of a Product 15.5 Derivative of A Quotient 15.6 Differential
Equations – 1 15.7 Differential Equations – 2 15.8 Limits 220 LESSON 16 APPLIED
MATHEMATICS 16.1 SIMPLE HARMONIC MOTION 16.2 PROJECTILES 16.3 FORCES IN
EQUILIBRIUM 16.4 WORK AND MOMENT LESSON 17 TRIGONOMETRIC FUNCTIONS 17.1
DERIVATIVES 17.2 SERIES EXPANSIONS 17.3 INVERSE TRIGONOMETRIC FUNCTIONS 17.3a
DERIVATIVES 17.3b SERIES 17.4 EVALUATING TRIGONOMETRIC FUNCTIONS 17.4a COSINE
17.4b SINE 17.4c INVERSE TANGENT LESSON 18 TRIGONOMETRIC AND TRANSCENDENTAL
EQUATIONS 18.1 POLYNOMIAL EQUATIONS 18.2 TRIGONOMETRIC EQUATIONS 18.3
TRANSCENDENTAL EQUATIONS KEPLER’S EQUATION REFERENCES SUTRAS AND SUB- SUTRAS
INDEX OF THE VEDIC FORMULAE INDEX.   YEAH!  SHEPHERD'S VERSES-- SURE!

Isaac Newton stole the Newton-Gauss interpolation formula (to the second order)
from the work of Govindaswami  930 AD, of the Kerala school of Mathematics  .
Govindaswami  gave the fractional parts of the Aryabhata's tabular sines.

The Gauss–Newton algorithm is a method used to solve non-linear least squares
problems.  Newton stole the Newton Gauss Backward Interpolation formula from the
works of Vateswaracharya 880 AD,  .

Madhavan of theKerala School of Mathematics  discovered Newton Power series and
the Gregory Leibnitz series for the Inverse Tangent three centuries before.
Leinnitz stole from Madhavan’s  power series for pi ..

Nilakanta of the kerala School of Mathematics discovered Newton’s Infinite
Geometric Progression convergent series.

Sorry, Newton, this Internet age has exposed you as a thief of the first order.

The sages who gave this planet the Vedas , Upanishads did not care to leave
their names; the truths they set down were eternal, and the identity of those
who arranged the words irrelevant.


Almost all of Newton's works were stolen from ancient Vedic Indian texts--all
written down thousands of years before him in Sanskrit--. Gravitation theory (
he was NOT smart enough to read it right ), Gauss interpolation formula, Power
series, Infinite geometric progressions -- it is just NOT worth my time. .


The mathematical value pi has always been a curious number throughout
history.ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter,


Here is Aryabhatta's version of the value of Pi in 2700 BC: Lets split the words
and understand the meaning: चतुरधिकम् शतम् - Four more than hundred (=104)
अष्टगुणम् - multiplied by 8 (104 x 8 = 832) द्वाषष्टि = 62 तथा सहस्राणाम् = of
1000 as such (=62000; totalling 62832) अयुत द्वय = 10,000 x 2 (=20,000)
विष्कम्भस्य = of the diameter आसन्न: - approximately वृत्त परिणाह: - to the
circumference. In effect, 62832/20000 = 3.1416 !

It interesting to note the large numbers he has used to arrive at Pi and the
remark that pi is only an approximate value.

And we have also coded it in Mantras by the KATAPAYADI SYSTEM ( check out in
Wikipedia--they have just touched the tip of the PARALPERU  iceberg. )


Here is the Vararuchi  system from Sanskrit verses .

They are not bumpkin shepherd’s verses.

Vararuchi was a Mathematician from Kerala who taught at Bhoj Shala University
inside the Saraswati Temple in 2860 BC .

Today this ancient Hindu university is a Muslim mosque.

What is the value of Pi ?

O Lord anointed with the yogurt of the milkmaids’ worship (Krishna), O savior of
the fallen, O master of Shiva, please protect me.





Gopibhagya madhuvrata srngisodadhisandhiga| Khalajivitakhatava
galahalarasandhara||

Kaṭapayādi system dictates that: * As the first digit is 3, the first consonant
must be one of ga, ḍa, ba, la * As the second digit is 1, the second consonant
must be one of ka, ṭa, pa, ya * For the third digit to be 4, the third consonant
must be one of gha, ḍha, bha, va…

So to fit 3.141592653589793…, the list of consonants in the verse must satisfy
the regex {g,ḍ,b,l}{k,ṭ,p,y}{gh,ḍh,bh,v}{k,ṭ,p,y}{ṅ,ṇ,m,ś}{jh,dh}{kh,ṭh,ph,r}{c,
t,ṣ}{ṅ,ṇ,m,ś}{g,ḍ,b,l}{ṅ,ṇ,m,ś}{j,d,h}{jh,dh}{ch,th,s}{jh,dh}{g,ḍ,b,l}…


ga - 3 pii - 1 bhaa - 4 gya - 1 ma - 5 dhu - 9 ra - 2 ta -6 shru - 5 ga - 3 sho
- 5 da - 8 dhi - 9 sa - 7 dha - 9 ga - 3 kha - 2 la - 3 jii - 8 vi - 4 ta - 6
kha - 2 ta - 6 va - 4 ga - 3 la - 3 ra - 2 sa - 7 dha - 9 ra – 2


pi = 3.1415926535897932384626433832792


ALBERT EINSTEIN WAS A THIEF WHO WAS WEAK IN MATH.
********************************************************************************
THE PLACEBO EFFECT AND CONSCIOUSNESS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






When I was a child my old nanny came to me and said that she has a splitting
headache. I looked into the medicine cabinet and found that the headache tablet
had expired. This meant I had to take my bicycle and go to the medical shop one
kilometer away to buy a tablet. So instead I took a bottle of Jintan, a silver
ball mouth freshener , and told here “ This is the latest and best medicine for
headache, just have it with a glass of water !”


Feeling quite guilty I got ready to go to the medical shop.  Suddenly my nanny
made a appearance and said with a beaming face “ Your new medicine is fantastic,
my headache has disappeared!”.

The next time she had a headache she asked for the silver ball medicine , and
cured herself of her headache el pronto.

Much later in life I got to know of the “Placebo effect” from a Sunday
newspaper.  But the explanations given tendered did NOT convince me.

When I was a Second Mate of ships ( medical officer ) , I used to give salt
tablets for various ailments and get the same effect.

Placebo is not a medicine.

If it does the job of a medicine effectively , it merits a proper investigation.



It is obvious it is tricking the subconscious mind , which is the chemical
factory on the body. It means there has to be brain activity connected with
placebo. If you give an unconscious person a placebo injection, it wont work.
Consciousness plays a vital role.

What is consciousness? A double slit quantum experiment revealed to the shocked
world the powers of observation and consciousness in COLLAPSING A WAVE into
matter— or the power of mind over matter.


Ancient Vedic Ayurveda 9000 years ago, depended on the mind body connection to
heal the body. It is about “remembered wellness” —to bring the body back to its
original energy DNA blueprint state.

This is different from western medicine which works on a “ cause and effect “
principle, and addressing the symptoms till they disappear.  This causes side
effects.

Matter and mind are both possibilities of consciousness. Collapsed quantum
possibilities could be physical or mental. It is about conscious choice and
downward causation.

This downward causation is free and unpredictable and the result of CONSCIOUS
CHOICE, where outer follows inner-- it does not care for logical algorithms.

Quantum healing works outside the fabric of space and time.True natural healing
takes place at the quantum level. The holographic brains extension throughout
the body is the nervous system.  The pineal gland has a lot to do with the
placebo effect, as it has to do with the energy body.

The only reality is consciousness. It is our intent that affects reality.

Mind can wipe off mistakes or deviations of the blueprint .  DNA protein
scientists may not agree, that in natures perfect design nothing ever dies.

Brain is the ultimate pharmacy.  It produces the ultimate body friendly
antibiotics, painkillers, tranquilisers etc with perfect dosage. This is the
reason why there are no side effects.

Mind is non material but it works in partnership with communicator molecules.  A
quantum event does not follow cause and effect rules.

How did the ancient Indian yogis survive on substandard diets for several years
during severe penance?  Warrior saint Bodhi Dharma ( from my home state ) sat in
meditation for 9 long years, with the Chinks checking , every inch of his
progress.  Ancient Vedic sages stood on one leg , with one hand raised, in
penance for as long as 20 years with creepers / vines growing on their body and
entangling it to the spot and snakes crawling all over.




Alexander the Great had taken detours to see such sights, and recorded this . He
kept his army away , lest they get frightened, and shit in their pants.

CONSCIOUSNESS AFFECTING REALITY  IS THE “PLACEBO EFFECT “.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
PARADOX , TRUTH IN REVERSE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



nowadays i see people doing SOOO HUMMM -- it is sri sri ravishankar's way of
pranayama. this violent method is very different from the vedic yoga of deep
diaphramic breathing. people who do SOOO HUMMM get carried away by its effects--

so what are its effects?

supercharging your body with excess air is basically supercharging oxygen ( 21%
) and nitrogen ( 78% ). Nitrogen narcosis is called Martini effect. Too much
oxygen kicks the hypothalmus to overdrive, DUMPING massive amounts of hormones
and neurotransmitters in the blood stream. this is in fact the opposite of
oxygen resuscitation.


While under the Martini effect , while sitting in a classing meditative pose on
the ground, (due to violent breathing of SOO HUMM, ) if you stick out any of
your limbs extremities, they vibrate like hell, forcing you to tuck them ,
within your body aura. This fools people into believing that something divine in
going' on. Bullshit!!


Soo Humm type of breathing in my opinion is more to keep the disciples
subjugated and hooked on--as this will limit your access to soul information.
There is no way this violent breathing can give you higher thoughts , feelings
and consciousness like Pranayama, which is the gateway to ascension.


now let me talk about paradoxes--

the truths of life is congruent till a laxman rekha--

after that the reverse happens--

recently a strong argentinian soccer team ( with my favourite striker TEVEZ )
went to La Paz in Bolivia and got a 6 goal drubbing. there the oxygen is less
due to the height above sea level.

too much oxygen is toxic to the body. deep sea divers do not use compressed air
of 21% oxygen-- rather they use 10% oxygen air.

when grief becomes excess people laugh--

when pain becomes too much you start enjoying-- a hollywood movie shows chinese
torturing an american cop with dozens of acupuncture needles stuck in his chest,
scraping his ribs with every breath causing absolute agony--after some time he
cries " you SOBs' --i have started enjoying this! stick in some more!!"

in a mud track while negotiating a curve , the front wheel of a motor cycle is
turned the opposite way-

when a ships tank gets too dirty with crude oil sludge , you cannot wash with
water-- you have to wash with the same medium-- the tank gets unbelievably clean
--this is the principle of crude oil wash--

red adiar put out large oil rig fires by using the same medium ( not water , it
wont work ) --- he produced a second HUGE fire which he could control by remote,
it just ate up the smaller oil rig fire-- and then he put it off by remote--

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
YIN YANG , TAMAS RAJAS , DYNAMIC BALANCE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL







The symbol is Lord Shiva’s trishul, where the centre prong SATTVA is the
midpoint of duality, between TAMAS and RAJAS .



It represents the organization of primal energy , the foundation of universal
laws , relativity , stability of nature and principle of Vaastu Shastra . The
law holds together the endless spiral of galaxies .
  
The only constant on the planet is change, everything is in a state of flux,
nothing is static-- everything is vibratory. This is what guarantees growth and
evolution.
  
Also termed as Yin Yang , by the Chinese –it is a COSMIC SPIRALLING DANCE of
separate forces , which sustains this universe. No life is possible on earth
without this subtle tension MAYA.

Yang elements are clear and obvious and has the tendency to gather while Yin
elements are subtle or hidden and have the tendency to disperse. This guarantees
change, growth and evolution. What has a front has a back--what has a beginning
has an end.

It is a perfect tango of dynamic balance where one polar opposite changes into
another smoothly and constantly . If the restraining balance or equilibrium is
lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end.

This principle of Yin-Yang , which are rooted together , is present in every
phenomenon on earth., where energy transforms from one to another—it can neither
be created or destroyed.


E=MC2


Yin and yang are natural forces which transform each other and are in perfect
harmony. Harmony can never be stagnant . Lessening of Yin- always results in
increase of Yang and vice versa
  
One cannot exist without the other and they are dependant . No phenomenon in
this universe is completely devoid of its opposite. They consume each other yet
support each other.
  
Whatever is in excess gets reduces, whatever is deficient gets replenished.
  
Balance can never be permanent— Ying and Yang continiously devour each other –
and life flows on.
  
Absolute magic!


  
You must ponder over each waxing-waning cycle to appreciate the absolute truth .
They keep each other in check, yet provide fuel to feed off each other. Yin
creates yang, and yang activates/ excites Ying , like how the ship’s generator
needs to be excited.






Few examples of this eternal cycle of interdependant reversal and immediate
exchange which CREATES are:--


Cause/ effect


Black hole/ quasar


Action/ reaction


Day/night

 Conscious/subconscious


Winter/ summer


Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
 
Man/ woman


Catabolism/ anabolism


Advance/ retreat

 Pressure/Vacuum





Light/ shadow


Potential energy/ kinetic energy


Evaporation/ condensation


Creation/ destruction


Oxidation/ antioxidation


Attraction/ repulsion


Black/ white


Gather / disperse


Front/ back


Beginning/ end


Excitation/ inhibition


Absorbsion/ secretion


Contraction/ relaxation


Coagulation/ anticoagulation



Acid/ base


Electron balance/ counterbalance


Positive pole/ negative


Magnetic North/ south


Counterclockwise vortex/ clockwise



Sleep/ wake



Freezing/ melting


Vaporisation/ condensation



Ionisation/ deionisation



Sublimation/ deposition



Energy/ matter



Particle/ wave



Conflict/ Harmony


Control/ Flow


Word/ Image



Proton/ electron



Matter/ antimatter



Birth/ decay



In/out



Sound/ Silence



Separate/ Holistic



Up/down



Past/ future



Expansion/ contraction





Big Bang/ Singularity



Cathode/ anode



Wet/ dry



Diamagnetic/ Paramagnetic



Static/ Dynamic



Closed/ Open



Organic / Inorganic



Hypo/ Hyper



Gravity / Antigravity



Deliberate/ Spontaneous



Surface/ Deep



Work/ Play



El Nino/ La Nina
  






Yin influences yang not only from inside but also from outside— examples--
victory in failure, unity in diversity.. they are rooted together.

In the human body when Yin and Yang are out of balance –you fall sick . Ayurveda
has recognized this six thousand years ago.

Yin and Yang are connected through consciousness. It is about the quantum
possibility wave vibration between two poles. Together they express the great
void at absolute peace with itself.


This great dance from formlessness to form is represented in Hindu Indian
mythology as Shiva's tandav or the cosmic dance.

Ancient Vedic Indian rishis in 9000 BC on the banks of the river Saraswati,
firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the
visible. So either Yin or Yang is visible – never both.

Consciousness is about being self aware through observation ( double slit
experiment ) and inner experience.

While Newton tries to explain the invisible through the visible.  Tesla,
Einstein, Heisenberg, Shrodinger etc were all familiar with the Indian Vedanta,
which had known " wave-particle duality" and " power of human intention " 11000
years ago-- where the invisible outside the narrow band of 5 human senses , is
part of reality



ONLY HUMANS HAVE UPSET THE YIN-YANG BALANCE OF EARTH. HENCE WE ARE THE MOST
DANGEROUS SPECIES ON THIS PLANET.



Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang
).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum
possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles.. Together they express the
great void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or
to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary
glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented
by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the
oceans for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing
vibrations.. The amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what
the Templar knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine
LSD-- rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL
junk DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA,
and achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are
accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland
is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this
hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in
the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for
Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep,
while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC
raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-
beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of
life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been
measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers,
regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can
vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT
is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a
psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become
active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline
burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant
observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have
too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were
NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its
mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND
LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the
quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and
Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16,
just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT
trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume
Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you
have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters
your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern
mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh
Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of
each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT
external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to
produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now
degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis
, can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life
use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third
eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas
will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the
third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2
strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil.
********************************************************************************
NOSTALGIA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Below: 16 year old Officer Cadet Ajit Vadakayil



I call nostalgia QUANTUM REMINESCENCE.

The movie Titanic was a raging hit all over the world.  The movie became a hit
NOT because of the technical brilliance, millions splurged and the grand scale
cruise ship model .

It was about the most powerful emotion available to man,  after LOVE.

Love is indeed the world most powerful emotion in the world . A cancer patient
in a street of two way love can cure himself, for it can reprogram his DNA blue
print.

Now—

imagine an emotion of two potent forces , love and nostalgia combined.  It is a
double whammy in reverse!

Now I want you to close your eyes and relive the last scene of the Hollywood
movie Titanic, in your mann mandir.

The underwater dark murky decayed ruins of the grand ball room wooden  staircase
, suddenly resurrects to its colorful old splendor and glory with the two young
lovers in flesh and blood looking into each other’s eyes.



This was it—this powerful emotion was etched on the faces of the entire audience
as their poured out of the movie halls, man and woman, young and old. This was
the genius of director James Cameroon.

Imagine this movie without this last potent scene—the movie would have been just
one of those.

Nostalgia is an emotion , only a gifted few know how to exploit and manipulate.

In the book “ God of small things “ Indian author Arundhati  Roy used reflective
reminiscence , the way nostalgia uses the quantum construct.  Her editing of the
book was jumbled , with ephemeral shattered fragments of disjointed memories
strewn here and there in a clever manner.

Imagine if she had narrated the ordinary story in tunnel vison mode—nobody would
have cared to read it.   Events were woven magically like music .



My old school is now the Indian Government telephones building.  It was actually
a rich man’s house. During rains we held the school assembly in the grand master
bed room. When my wife goes to pay the telephone bills,  when I am on leave, I
tag along.

As soon as I enter the building , the past leads me by by pineal gland, evoking
a flood , nay, torrent of memories.

I explore and hang around at nooks and corners of the inner sanctums  allowing
nostalgia to overtake my senses.  Our school had the best looking girls in town.



In this age of terrorism and bombs in India, getting caught in a wrong place of
this sensitive building can prove very costly for me including prosecution and
loss of passport.

But then just like love,  nostalgia makes you absolutely defenseless and
vulnerable, as if you are outside the fabric of space time, behind the quantum
screen.  You are a bit silly, and will not care for the severe consequences.


Your vigil is totally relaxed. You hardly notice how time flies. You are in the
midst of a magical autobiographical quantum memory, with your subconscious
calling the shots.

Nostalgia causes interaction with deep rooted emotions and feelings within the
psyche, and hence has the power. It can be a difficult emotion and trigger
sadness , at it is a bitter-sweet recall of past events and old emotions .

Nostalgia gives you a dull pain inside the heart , as you know there is no
reverse gear— paradoxically  Utopia in reverse.  Old events can never happen
again.  Old personalities can never be the same again.  A feeling of sadness and
longing is not akin to pain, and resembles sorrow only as mist resembles the
rain.




A quantum wave of presence swirls around another wave of loss, with only your
consciousness collapsing it.  This is way different from sentiments and
remembrance.



Nostalgia is a Greek word – nostos meaning home , and algos meaning pain. The
literal meaning is grossly misplaced as nostalgia is home sickness only for the
insensitive .



I love to sit amidst  old ruins and feel the delicious pain, all the while
conjuring up images of a grand past. Some magic inside the subconscious mind --
past becomes present for that fleeting moment , with emotional chords doing a
sweet twang!.



I do believe that this planet will wake up to the clouds of mystic nostalgia ,
and “ ruins tourism” will take off in a loveless future world .  There is no
surer trigger for this bitter sweet emotion.


It is healthy too , as looking backwards for a while , with respect and awe ,
formats the mind rendering it fitter for the present and the future.
********************************************************************************
SINGLE HOOK FOR ENCLOSED LIFEBOATS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





Sailors have been dying at sea, and getting maimed due to poor design of
"Enclosed Lifeboats|" since the past 35 years .




At sea we have the misfortune of being ruled by “not so bright” rule makers and
forces sitting ashore  — we all know that.

Who cares if a few sailors die every year ?



Following are a couple of emails I have sent to various organisations like,
Class, Insurance houses, PSC,  Safety rule makers etc--

Read it, understand it and protect lives at sea!



Dear XXXX,

i am indeed gratified that XXXX has commented in great detail.

first let me introduce myself -- 28 years in command ( 6400 of actual on board
command days—a record hard to beat  )  ,  basically a parcel chemical tanker
man.

my present ship owned by XXX  has a free fall life boat. but i have worked on
several enclosed lifeboats in  my career.

i have seen evolution of lifeboats at sea.  if this many civilians got maimed /
killed in the US auto industry -- there would have been a heavy price to pay --

what follows has been understood and appreciated by my officers and crew--

ALL ENCLOSED LIFEBOATS CAN BE RELEASED OFF LOAD , AFTER THE BOAT HAS FLOATED ON
WATER -- BY PUTTING ONE SINGLE FINGER OUTSIDE THROUGH THE FORD AND AFT PORTHOLES
AND LIFTING UP A RESTRAINING BRIDLE .

THERE IS NO NEED TO "COLLAPSE" THE HOOK AT ALL -- HENCE THERE IS NO NEED TO
"RESET" THE HOOK EITHER.

THE MOMENT YOU LIFT IT UP THE BRIDLE FORD AND AFT WITH A SINGLE FINGER, THE BOAT
GETS UNHOOKED-- LIKE MAGIC

AND FOR HOOKING ON TO THE NON-COLLAPSED HOOK -- YOU DON'T HAVE TO PUT THIS
FINGER OUT TO LIFT THIS RESTRAINING BRIDLE -- THE RING GETS HOOKED ON BY ITSELF
--

pulling a single lever at coxswains seat -- to collapse two hooks ( ford+ aft )
simultaneously  , 3 metres above water , on load , is fraught with danger.  for
both hooks will NEVER release at the same time --there will always be a
microsecond time lag-- even if the release system is super intelligent.

that is why on a trapeze act in a circus-- ONE man (hanging upside down) , lets
the girl go -- and she does the magic turns in mid air.

if TWO men were to hold one hand each -- she won’t be doing any magic turns --
she will most probably fall down in a ugly heap --

A SINGLE LEVER SHOULD NEVER EVER RELEASE TWO HOOKS-- A POORLY ENGINEERED RELEASE
MECHANISM SHOULD RELEASE ONLY ONE HOOK  --



enclosed LB always falls with 90 deg inclination.


when one hook gives way-- the other hook temorarily holds till the boat  comes
to 90 deg due to gravity -- and then shears off.


at this angle existing seatbelts ( with people facing sideways ) are
ineffective. hence the spine injuries , broken necks and deaths.

thanks and best regards



gentlemen,

i am a master on XXXX-- a  XXX registered ship.  my ship has a FFLB.

however i have seen with utter dismay -- the refusal of people trusted with
sailors safety to address the "enclosed lifeboat loss of life issue".

IN ANY OTHER INDUSTRY PEOPLE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN BEHIND BARS.

recently i had a exchange with XXXX -- but as expected insurers all over the
world , don't care for lives of sailors --

now i am testing XXXX waters –

why has hundreds of sailors lost their lives and thousands got injured  with
enclosed lifeboats , hooks reset?--  IMO has stopped counting.

still nobody wants to do anything after 35 years of such huge misery at sea (
grieving sons and wives ) ?

IF A TRAPEZE STRONG MAN HANGING UPSIDE DOWN , IN A CIRCUS , RELEASES THE GIRL
WITH BOTH HANDS AT THE SAME TIME -- THE GIRL WILL GO TO THE INTENDED DESTINATION
OF THE NEXT MANS HANDS AFTER A NEAT DOUBLE SOMERSAULT.

IF HE RELEASES HIS RIGHT HAND LATER THAN THE LEFT HAND BY A NANO SECOND  , LIKE
WHAT HAPPENS WITH POORLY DESIGNED RELEASE MECHANICAL HOOKS -- THE GIRL WILL
SWERVE OFF AND FALL OUTSIDE THE SAFETY NET.

this is what is happening at sea-- 3 years ago i , in my private  capacity as a
sailor, had written to XXX, XXX, XXX etc years ago !

-- who cares?

MOST IMPORTANT BOTTOM LINE OF THIS CENTURY AT SEA:

as long as nobody has the brains to have a SINGLE POINT HOOK RELEASE ( like for
a rescue boat ) -- sailors must die!!!!!!!

brgds Capt Ajit Vadakayil/ Master



XXXX/ ajit,

this long email is about accurate power of observation -- it is NOT a cynical
email at all --

SOLAS has always talked about how to lower a life boat-- NEVER-- how to retrieve
it--

maximum deaths have happened at sea in the past 35 years with the advent of
enclosed life boats -- 98% deaths have occurred while retrieving --

very few  while lowering.

these enclosed life boats were fitted with complicated and SENSITIVE RESETTING
MECHANISMS -- designed by mediocre minds --

these resetting mechanisms are meant only for  SMOOTH SEAS ---  not for even
very slight swell conditions--

hooks are meant to be collapsed in a drill -- ONLY when the seas are "glassy
smooth".

if slight swell exists -- all it requires is a SINGLE human finger to lift up a
restraining bridle and-- voila-- the boat hook is released --

same--  for hooking back on-- here you don’t even need the genteel single finger
-- the book is hooked on like magic for the counter-weighted restraining bridle
lifts up like magic --

now here comes the grey matter stuff --

boats can be dropped from few metres above the water level --in case of burning
seas -- by this release mechanism --

what the moronic designers  and its equally guilty approvers have not  realised
it that both hooks MUST BE RELEASED AT THE SAME NANO INSTANT --

IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO ACHIEVE THAT MICROSECOND TIMED RELEASE -- SO THAT THE BOAT
FALLS PERFECTLY HORIZONTAL IN THE WATER--

-- because of the unscientific release mechanism  --either the ford or the aft
-- mechanism will release first and the other will follow --

sensitive mechanism got fractured because of SUPERMEN in the boat--

these men wore their UNDIES over their pants ( imagine )-- while an intelligent
normal man would wear his pants over his undies--


it is important to wear the undies first ( reset the hook, as soon as boat is
lowered  ) and then wear the pants ( hook on to the reset hook after the jaunt
).

if you try to reset the hook after hooking on -- as what was done in the
attachment --

-- well when the boat bounces with the swellthe sensitive mechanism fractures -(
-- sometimes the fracture gives way while lowering boat in the next drill )

this is what has happened again –and again—and again--

it will happen for the next 500 years-- like how our rat guards are destined to
fall off for the next 500 years--


if you have the will -- send this to XXXX,   XXXX and  XXXX -- tell them a more
than Mensa master sent it to you--

thanks and best regards capt ajit vadakayil










dear XXXX,

merry christmas to you too --

i have NEVER comes across enclosed lifeboats without a bridle -- i have sailed
on at least 10 different types/ makes --

now only Chinese makes are prevalent -- the competition is dead more or less --
the cheap Chinese boats indeed have the restraining bridle -

it is very easy to release with the single finger or a wooden stick -- it is
magic -- even in very heavy swell --

I WILL NEVER EVER DROP MY BOAT FROM A HEIGHT -- EVEN IN BURNING SEAS -- I NEED
MY BOAT TO FALL HORIZONTAL –

-- when you see a black mamba eye balling you and hissing at you from inside an
-- air raid trench,  it is better to take your chances outside with the bombs.

--and two decades ago I have learnt not to trust trade unions with sailors
--safety  ego and safety cannot co-exist !-

--in any case, for them ,  master is NOT a sailor with a family at home like the
--others , but a tyrant from Mars.

so --

we close this subject here -- -- and for the next 500 years , sailors must die
because of ill- engineered hook reset mechanisms !

thanks and best regards

capt ajit vadakayil/ master

also-- punch into google search ENCLOSED LIFEBOAT ACCIDENTS AND IMO JOKERS-
VADAKAYIL
********************************************************************************
THE COUNTRY SIZE RACIST CONSPIRACY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL MERCATOR, GREAT
CIRCLE,  GALL-PETERS MAP CHART PROJECTIONS


All over the world Geography books and maps show a distorted view of the world,
to make the developed white countries of the world larger. This is called the
Mercator projection of the world.

Such a shape can never be congruent with photographs taken from outer space.
Hence the Mercator projection being used on Political maps is a conspiracy.



This projection shows Greenland roughly the same size as Africa while actually
Africa is 14 times larger.

Britain who is in the Security council of UN , is a minuscule country.  The
whole of high latitude Europe and Scandinavia is an insignificant part of the
planet, when it comes to sheer landmass size.

I am a ship captain , and I must admit Mercator projection is very convenient
for navigation. Straight lines drawn on a Mercator projection chart at sea are
“loxodrome” lines that show true Gyro compass bearing between two locations.



Latitudes and Longitudes are straight and parallel to each other. This is where
it starts and ends.


This projection made in 1568 by Gerhardus Mercator a Flemish cartographer,
cannot be used to tell white lies about a country’s size.



It has a racist tinge to it.

This was a time when white countries exploited and enslaved the non-white
countries.

The slave countries were made to believe that they are indeed being ruled by a
large empire or kingdom.

Gullible minds were pounded into submission by this psychological warfare.



In 1974 the UN accepted this grave discrepancy of Mercator projection . UN
accepted a new projection by a German by the name of Arno Peters. Peters map
gave equal representation as per the truth.

This may not suit a navigator like me, but definitely it puts a geographical map
in the correct non- Eurocentric perspective.



The huge black African countries at the equator must keep this in mind , next
time they negotiate with a high latitude white country in the UN, who try to use
the territorial size superiority card on them.




Suddenly you will lealise you can run accross the lengths and breadths of
countries like Britain,, Denmark or Latvia.


Is was racism which causes the white man to claim the great Indian Vedic
civilization and Sankrit for themselves .  Vedic civilization flourished from
9000 BC to 4000 BC on the banks of the holy river Saraswati .


When the river dried up due to a tectonic shift , which blocked the glacial
mouth in the Himalayas the Indian Aryans migrated outwards ( not inwards as
claimed by Vatican agents Max Mueller and Macaulay )  . The whole of Europe came
out from under the quartenary ice age in 9500 BC.
********************************************************************************
MONA LISA AND HER EYEBROWS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


During the Computer vision class at ivy league university Cornell, ( my son is
doing his ME there ) the professor suddenly popped a question.

which is the most distinctive part of the human face?

needless to say there are NO half wits in the computer science class.

everybody came out with their own thing-- eyes, lips, nose --etc.

to everything the professor would say --NOPE!

when all probabilities were exhausted , the professor said " EYEBROWS!"

this raised all the eyebrows in the class-- and promptly all the students
challenged the professor to prove it.



he was ready--

he showed them dozens of photos of men women and children , whose eyebrows were
" computer removed "

nobody could identify the eyebrow less faces!!

THIS IS WHAT MONA LISA DID.

she was probably the daughter of a very powerful man  , who posed nude.

she had shaved her eyebrows.

when she mingled in high society she would put on a false pair , till it grew
again --

and nobody could recognise her and spoil her name -- or get her dad to kill the
artist.

surprised?



Leonardo da Vinci was a homosexual, but he held on to her portrait for more than
a decade.



Full marks to all those who identified the eyebrows of BS!!
********************************************************************************
SHIPS SQUAT , BERNOULLI AND UNDER KEEL CLEARANCE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


What follows is the text of an actual official email to my company.

Ships had been under loading due to squeamish company circulars on squat,
written by landlubbers who do NOT understand this unique phenomenon.

Unless a navigator reads this he will NOT get a true handle of squat and UKC.
Posted in the interest of safety at sea --and NOT for charterers to load more
cargo.





gentlemen,

what i present is a lateral study-it has nothing in common with  what many
powerhouses of nautical knowledge all over the  world imagine what squat is.
rather it is the essence of my own squat studies backed by a strong belief in my
own lateral thinking ways----

--starting about 14 years back in the huge wave pool with  ship models with
delicate overhead suspenders and pulleys,  at IIT chennai ( donated by holland )
-

--and is still continuing.

--my last study was a 5 hour event at sitra channel on  departure bahrain with a
fully loaded siteam explorer  with 4 mtrs water under the keel at a static
depth-to-draught ratio  of 1.3.

--this study was more on engine load pattern behaviour ,  which i discussed with
XXX- the use of piezo electric bottom pressure transducers of draft indicators
(which do  not care for bow wave build up) to study squat , and the effect of
bernoulli’s theorem at bends and passing ship  squat interaction

i will just breach the subject-and will not be surrendering the rights, like
what i did for the chemical stuff--

first of all there is nothing called as a - a)open water condition b)confined
water condition and a c)pilotage water condition --as highlighted in the excel
sheet

rather it is a - a)depth restricted condition b)canal condition-say suez canal
and a d)channel condition- now imagine suez canal is flooded by  5 mtrs over its
banks.

i will get back to squat later-first let me talk about ukc factors which many
have ignored and still not found out the hard  way- DUH !


########## the first is “barometric pressure”:

this can be best narrated by an incident when i worked on  XXXX of XXXX new
york-run by the yanks- my technical  suptd  was XXXX who now works for XXX usa-
he still  thinks  vadakayil is ZE cats whiskers because he had  predicted a
fantastic  me compressor explosion one  week in advance by a cynical  email, a
fantastic boiler  furnace explosion in the previous safety committee meet
minutes which was recd at office a day before the  big bang,

--and did what the combined might of usa could not do for a whole week- tell why
the sister ship got her bottom holed by an age old rock plumb in the middle of
boston  channel spilling a large quantity of unleaded gasoline into the harbour.
i had a vhf conversation with the inbound master  15 minutes before the
incident, in which i had asked him  what his inbound draft was . as soon as it
happened i send  a message to XXX- “when the whole of american might has given
up-i will tell you what happened”--- my cockiness  upset all my detractors at
park avenue-- it was meant  to be that way--.

so the us coast guard and the technical whiz kids brought out their underwater
mini  submarines with their robotic arms- scooped out the ships  bottom paint
from the rock-got it analysed , established that the rock was always there over
the centuries-the  puzzle was still unsolved why did the ship hit the rock?

after 4 days i get a call from XXX---tell us what you think!   to cut a long
story short -on that moment it was low water  neaps-safe enough-but the aneroid
barometer pressure  needle was stuck at the max position which meant the
pressure  was more than 1050-a record-which meant the whole  ocean over
thousands of square miles was  depressed -more so in inland channels like
boston-the  uscg was quick to do the calculations after receiving this  tip--
and declared  it within a week-the fall of channel  depth was an unexpected 55
cms. in a hurricane of  atmospheric pressure 925 mb--the surge is huge and just
the opposite--it sucks up like metal filings to a magnet--

the second is wind direction and speed- this is not a big  secret-  i learnt
this from the argentinians. when the wind blows the water into the river-they
increase the loadable quality- yes , there is surprisingly more water in the
river-but  what about the sangam where the river has its confluence with the
ocean?--

the third is stability of the bottom-siltation. imagine a  ship is anchored at
bhavnagar where the high water  spring tide is 11 knots- imagine a 11 knot
current is  passing under the keel of an anchored ship- what  will happen?  will
there be scouring ?  will there be squating  (aaha! -of an anchored ship? )-no
easy answers  gentlemen-ok-- let me make it more interesting-- take out the
parameters from the squat excel sheet you send me-dang!  my 2 metre freeboard
ship  is supposed to sink at anchorage ! help!!

the fourth is reduced depth over submarine pipelines - i can see the XXX manual
has covered this.

############# lets get back to squat-

how many nautical powerhouses have published till now  that the car carrier
herald of free enterprise sank due to an open bow door-due to squat-while
pelting out of harbour at 20 knots?

now you have V squared /100 and 2V squared/100-now  what is this two? is it to
be multiplied to open water  condition blindly to get the confined water
condition? - no sir!-it is the sinkage factor due to squat induced trimming -at
0.7 BC  it is bodily sinkage generally-at  lesser or greater there is a
trimming-hence the factor 2.

now to blast the myth of ready reckoner formulas- imagine 2 ships are coming out
of sitra port-both have everything the same-when i say everything -it is all the
factors which makeup the fantastic squat empirical  formulas- “ blockage factor”
/ “ velocity factor”  brainchild of geniuses who must not be questioned- factors
like block coefficient- breadth of ship--  width of channel-draft of ship
---depth of channel-  speed in knots --  now imagine one ship is 120 mtrs long
and the other is 360 mtrs long-is the squat allowance  of both to be the same,
considering a fantastic draft  increase due to trim will take place.

on the other hand herald of free enterprise already down by  the head-at a very
fine block coefficient of around 0.6 and having an extremely fine form -will it
squat by stern as is  predicted by our empirical whiz kids ?- no sir-if it has a
static trim by head -it will continue to have a squatting trim by head too- and
this has “F A” to do with the block  coefficient-200 lives lost- pin this on the
carpetbaggers.




what does this mean-simple-don’t ever give the ship a  static trim-and hope the
squat will even it out because  of the block coefficient-people make block
coefficient  formulas -block coefficients change with the ships draft--- on
siteam explorer-the hydrostatics table  gives the bc at various drafts.

on the other hand a vlcc left port with 50 cms trim by  stern and squat pushed
her bows down-this sir-is  because trim is small compared to the length and the
bow experienced shallow water effect first.

now i shall be kind  and give a peek into the classified  stuff-  squat has
everything to do with bernoulli’s  theorem-  Bernoulli himself stole his theorem
from the  indian vedic yogis ( Saraswati river banks ) of 11  millenniums yore--
who educted out their capillary  sinus mucus by sending driving water  through
the nasal passage-drinking water with nose  and expelling out from mouth.

potential energy + pressure energy + kinetic energy  =  constant

if liquid does not change height and the potential energy term  remains
constant--:

and if the velocity of the liquid is increased then the pressure  energy term
must be reduced. if this happens beneath a ship the reduction in pressure must
result in sinkage and because  the centre of buoyancy will move due to changes
in distribution  of' pressure the ship will also change trim.

--, in effect, that the total mechanical energy of the flowing fluid, comprising
the energy associated with fluid pressure, the gravitational potential energy of
elevation, and the kinetic energy of fluid motion, remains constant

a reduction in vertical pressure-force on the hull has to be  compensated for by
an increase in the buoyancy force  (displacement volume), i.e. draught, in order
to maintain  vertical force balance. the ship will experience a mean bodily
sinkage and, in general, a slight trimming effect.  squat is the algebraic sum
of sinkage and trim-and varies in proportion to the square of the speed.

a reduction in the pressure acting on the hull in the vertical direction has to
be compensated for by an  increase in the buoyancy forces. thus, the ship has to
increase its draught (displacement volume) to maintain the state of vertical
force equilibrium. as the ship is  not symmetrical about its half-length and
because of the  viscous effects of water, which increases with depth ,  the
changes in pressure are not identical for the fore and aft parts of the hull.
this causes the ship to trim  forward or astern depending on the hull shape and
stationary trim. the effect of squat may increase  significantly if the side
clearance is restricted as  well, as is the case in a confined channel. thus,
the  magnitude of squat depends on the ship (water)  speed, hull shape, and the
side and under- keel clearance.

using this theory the russians made their mighty heavy  lift Antonov aircrafts
--the air flowing over the upper  curved surface of an aircraft wing moves
faster than the air beneath the wing, so that the pressure  underneath is
greater than that on the top of the wing,  causing a lift of hundreds of tonnes.








when making worst case excel sheet thumb rule ready  reckoner scenarios - be
aware that a ship can load that  much cargo less ,by faithfully following
company  instructions---on a ulcc with huge TPC that would be  HUNDREDS OF
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS  DOWN THE DRAIN---

-yes

brgds capt ajit vadakayil/



Bernoulli's law stated that, if an inviscid fluid flows along a pipe of varying
cross section, then the pressure is relatively low at constrictions where the
velocity is high and relatively high where the pipe opens out and the fluid
stagnates.

now this is surely a paradox--- for to a not so bright layman -- a constriction
should increase the local pressure rather than diminish it.  the paradox is
solved when you term pressure changes along the pipe as cause and the velocity
changes as effect, instead of the other way around.

here is a simple experiment .  hold two sheets of A4 size paper so that they
hang vertically two centimetres apart and blow downward so that there is a
current of air between them.  the sheets will be drawn together by the reduction
in pressure associated with this current.  ships are drawn together for much the
same reason if they are moving through the water in the same direction at the
same speed with a small distance between them.


next time you are inside a lock gate tied up, and the water moves under the ship
while pumping out-- check out the squat. It hardly makes a difference if your
ship move or the water beneath moves.

In tidal ports when the bulk shippers tell your ship to move closer to land to
make it more convenient for barges -- it also means that he wants you to have
fast moving water under the ships bottom with limited UKC. You will be signing
bills of ladings with imaginary cargo--and this quantity can be mind boggling on
large ships.
********************************************************************************
LIVING WATER -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Today myself and my wife watched a TV programme on History Channel. It was about
a camera crew trek to Gangotri Himalayas to Gaumukh the source of the sacred
Ganges river .




Above: The source of the holy Ganges river -- from a hole


The white water came out of a hole in the ground—see the pictures.



My wife asked me—“Why is the water white? Is it dirty?”



I told here “ It is electrically charged nano size colloids of Himalayan rock
salt.  This is what makes the Ganges water LIVING WATER.  This low surface
tension water contains all the 83 odd minerals required by the human body in the
correct dosage, to take it to the correct vibrational state where all cells
dance in harmony".


"300 million years ago, this was at the bottom of the sea, and was churned up
"when two continents banged against each other at the end of the great
"continental drift.  This water is highly alkaline and has an extraordinary
"amount of hydrogen with an extra electron, to neutralize damaging free radicals
", which cause DNA damage, diseases and ageing. It holds high amounts of silver
"colloids , is highly sunbathed and oxygenated , and is indeed bio-energised
"miracle water”.

Immediately she says happily “ I want to go there!”

Low surface tension water ( normal is 73 dynes ) can store information for
healing in its vibratory structure. It easily penetrates the 75 trillion cells
and mitochondrial membranes, to supply nutrients and flush away toxins.

As we grow old our bodies are NOT able to absorb water into the cells. We are
more than 70% of water. Ganges water has been kept in copper pots at the Shiva
temple at Rameshwaram and has NOTdeveloped algae and bacteriafor centuries.

Ageing is a gradual process of acid waste accumulation. Wastes like lactic acid
are insoluble in neutral water. Nowadays in hospitals in Japan they use
Electrical Ionisers to produce ionized water. Distilled water or DI water ( de-
ionisded water ) cannot be ionized.  Ionization converts minerals into colloidal
form, which can be easily absorbed by the human body.  In Japan they use it in
bars to mix with alcohol and the Japs swear that they don’t get a hangover.





Evian water is expensive –but it is good for you. It is Ionised natural spring
water with small cluster sizes. I tell my son at Cornell university USA — "the
days you have to spend long night hours in the lab doing Computer graphic
projects— drink some invigorating Evian water. It refreshes the brain and
changes the way you think for the better and can also de-stress , within 15
minutes" .


One small bottle of Evian water is better than drinking 5 times the amount of
tap cooler water. I tell him to keep away from US Flourinated and chlorinated
water, like the plague, as they have terrible side effects. At home we have our
own well with fishes inside which gives sparkling living water.



Ionised water is structured water with hydrogen bonding and have positive
polarity. All other waters are negative in polarity. Majority of people have
died after living their lives on this planet by never drinking living water.

Now I must tell you why ancient indian rishis drank water from copper lotas (
pots ). They cleaned the copper pot with tamarind and then filled it up with
living Ganges water, the previous day and drank it the next day morning.



This cleaning with tamarind causes copper colloids to leach into the water
overnight. Algae, viruses , E coli and many other pathogens are killed. This
anti-oxidant water takes care of free radicals and hence is anti-inflammatory..
There is NO need to boil the water. This water makes your sperm more potent.
This water can cure sinus like magic .  It takes care of Hypertension too.








Of course another use was to use this water laden lota for resonant quantum
coupling .

This blog post is a continuation and must be read in conjunction with another
blog of mine. Punch in WATER VALLEY AND WALKING ON WATER – VADAKAYIL ( posted on
21st Nov 2010 ) in google search .
********************************************************************************
MYSTERY OF STONEHENGE SOLVED -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




The above picture is how stonehenge was in 1845.


Now the Druids who built Stonehenge worshipped Lord Shiva called Pashupati in
Rig Veda of 5000 BC. They also called him CERNUNNOS -- see tablet below with a
cobra. There are no cobras in England.








Below a tablet found in Mohenjodaro 4000 BC of Lord Shiva ( Pashupati ).



Every year we get to see more and more theories about the Stonehenge --
propounded by the vested interests.


Everybody is tripping over each other to find new meanings for this simple
sacrifice spot structure.


Some say it is a bigger wonder than the pyramids-- when in that era,  in that
entire region, mathematics was unknown.


This area had come out from the Quaternary ice age only in 9000 BC.








Rife speculations include -- -- it is an astronomical observatory -- calendar of
surprising complexity -- complicated super computer for predicting eclipses --
it is astronomically aligned -- it took 500 years to build -- it is the biggest
wonder of the world -- most skilled construction which required great knowledge
and organisational skills -- the most powerful place on this planet at spring
equinox. --it is a portal to another dimension and parallel universe


blah--blah-- BLAH!-- ( since Dan Brown spun the yarn in Da Vinci code , more
people want to run to the Rosilyn church of Scotland )





Thousands of people have earned a comfortable living out of pursuing such
ridiculous theories , carbon dating ( for what? ) in far flung labs, travelling
here and there for international conferences , -  all on British tax payers
money.  These vested interests are racing all over the planet trying to unearth
a circular structure in the same latitude of the British stonehenge at 51 deg
11.3 N .  This is again no big deal.





Yeah--Stonehenge is indeed a milch cow.


If you stay in a place where it snows heavily , you will realise that making a
structure like Stonehenge is NO big deal!


When snow melts water flows away!


I remember during a Boston blizzard people have parked their cars , on a
previously buried car, and found them piggy pack when the snow melted.






Examine the area where it is built.  Check out the natural landscape slopes .


Even if the stones had to be quarried from Marlborough downs about 19 miles off,
where is the great skill in sliding it downhill in slippery melting ice and
collecting it at the stonehenge spot?


Dropping it into pre dug holes using ropes and levers is easy.


Placing horizontal stones on a series of snow buried vertical stones by ropes
and manpower is no big deal. It hardly requires any manpower, if you use your
commonsense .


This blog post is NOT to belittle a revered structure , close to the hearts of
every single common English man or woman.


This is only to prevent bleeding the poor tax payer, for the next 1000 years,
the same way-- an army of Western Egyptiologists are thriving on tax payers
money , staying in plush 5 star hotels and travelling first class.

















There are more than one thousand such druid stone circles in UK alone. The
signature pattern ones in Europe are much older. The Avebury stone circle
(above) is so large that it has an entire village plonked in it. Folks who have
read Asterisk and Obelisk comics know what a stone menhir is.


Now imagine , our stonehenge in the pit below, buried in snow!












Of course in the case of the great pyramids-- the world has still not woken up.


Punch in SECRETS OF EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS REVEALED , VADAKAYIL in google search, to
see the tip of the iceberg.


A bigger and grander stonehenge was unearthed in Russia at Arkaim , Cheliabinsk,
which is 3000 years older than the British one .





  
This place was visited by Putin in 2005 and declared as a national treasure as
soon as he saw the ancient Hindu swasika symbol on pottery , and found the
square within a circle similar to the Sri Yantra mandala. This stonehenge was
built during the rule of Emperor Vikramaditya in 7000 BC, whose symbol was the
Swastika. Also the Vedic people had migrated from the banks of the Indian
Saraswati river , which dried up in 4000 BC, when a tectonic shift blocked the
Himalayan glacier mouth.


This symbol was subverted by Hitler for the Nazi emblem, as a symbol of Aryan
superiority.





This is sheer bullshit, as the sacred Hindu swastika symbol is as old as the
Hindu OM symbol-- more than 11000 years old , and is found on floors of ancient
Indian temples. Swasti means good fortune in Sanskrit.





The right hand swastika symbol is one of the 108 symbols of lord Vishnu, the
creator of the cosmos. ( the Buddhist use the Yang equivalent of the left handed
swastika --of Kali the destroyer goddess ) .









There is hardly an Indian wedding or puja room where this right handed swastika
is not displayed.


Swastika is inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm. It is foolishness for the
white man to hijack this--it cuts NO ice!




-- and by the way --


ALL VEDIC ARYAN ORACLES DRANK SOMA ( SUPER LSD HERB ) TO RESONATE THEIR PINEAL
GLANDS WITH DNA -- AND READ AAKASHIK RECORDS FROM A CIRCULAR STONE STRUCTURE (
LIKE THE ONE AT DELPHI, ARKAIM , AND AMESBURY UK ). IT IS NO SUPERCOMPUTER .





And here is the aerial shot of the great circular Taxila University started in
3000 BC -- which had 10500 seats for world students from Babylon, Greece, Syria,
Arabia, Russia, China, Thailand etc




When the pyramids were built 5000 years ago, NOBODY on this planet including the
Egyptians has the technology to find the exact North East South West cardinal
positions of Vaastu.

Nobody on the planet had an idea what is sun's declination or Kepler’s
precession via astronomy . The geographic and the magnetic poles are NOT the
same. The North pole is 1600 miles away and the south pole is 2570 kilometers
away.

The ancient Kerala sailors sailed to Socotra and Aquaba and Basra using a
compass of magnetised fish blade floating on light oil floating on water. This
is symbolised by Arjun shooting into the eye of the fish to win Draupadi in 4000
BC.

Getting back-- i am NOT interested in ramming this down into any British
throat-- take it or leave it-- or rather don't take it at all--



The mystic Druhyus from India on the upper banks of the Saraswati river,
migrated in 4000 BC, towards the north, when their holy river dried up. They
preferred colder climates. These are the ancients Druids ,as Harry Potter fans
will know. All ancient Druid pictures were found in Vedic meditative Vajrasana
poses. These are the people who introduced prayer to Europe. Druhyus could read
the Aakashik ZPF records of past and future . Their migration patterns are
recorded in various Mutts of India.

Even today if you come to India , a strain of this science is available as Nadi
Shastra.( put this into Google search to get an idea ).

(To say that Sanskrit speaking, Aryan Druhyus from India , whose symbol was the
(Swastika, made the Stonehenge is a real body blow to the Rothschild funded
(Vatican propaganda, right? )

The Dryuhus ,or Druids use the circular MANDALA for powerful TANTRIC rituals.

There are 108 MUDRAS or hand symbols. Hand gestures stimulate the same regions
of the brain as language. (One of the mudras is used in yogic Pranayama while
sitting in Vajrasana pose for channelling the prana. 108 is the numerical
equivalent of OM).















Stonehenges --circular mandalas , or other wise are dime a dozen in India-- much
bigger and grander! We don't even bother about them--  leave alone shouting from
rooftops , that they are portals to another parallel universe.


           










The word 'Vatican' itself is derived from the Sanskrit word Vatika, which means
Vedic  religious centers, such as Yagna-Vatika.   Vatican St Peter’s cathedral
was built on top of a Shiva temple.

The world  "Christianity" came from the Sanskrit words "Krishna-neeti", (the way
of Krishna).



Check out the video below of Vimanas of 7000 BC--or flying saucers.

 
Below is the 9000 year old  Mandala at Harappa. On these the wooden structures
are burnt down to ashes after the Vedic havanam. You cant reuse it.




Below is the Vedic site during the time of Emperor Vikramaditya at Gobekli Tepe
, Turkey.  In 7000 BC Emperor Vikramaditya ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to
Vietnam.  In the type of mandala , after the havanam, the site is buried.



Here is a broken statue head dug up at Gobekli Tepe, Stone henge of Turkey . The
hair do is typical of a Hindu priest who does the Vedic Havanam.




YAZIDIS OF IRAQ ( KURDISTAN ) WERE HINDU BRAHMIN PRIESTS AT THE STONEHENGE OF
ANCIENT GOBEKLI  TEPI, TURKEY BEFORE 8000 BC .


THEY STILL DO AGNIHOTRA RITUALS.


THEIR GOD ( PEACOCK ANGEL ) IS LORD SHIVA’S SON WITH WIFE PARVATI — KARTIKEYA (
SUBRAMANYA/ MURUGAN ) THE SUBRAMANYA SNAKE IS ON THE STONEHENGE  PILLAR .


THEIR IDOL GOD EVEN TODAY IS MULTI ARMED .   INDIAN HINDU  IDOLS  ARE THE ONLY
MULTI-ARMED GODS .

IN  7000 BC INDIA RULED IRAQ , TURKEY AND SYRIA , MECCA, PALESTINE ETC . YAZIDIS
MIGRATED FROM INDIA AND NOT TO INDIA.   PEACOCKS ARE FOUND IN INDIA NOT IN
TURKEY OR IRAQ.

YAZIDIS STILL GO TO PALANI TEMPLE, THEIR MECCA /VATICAN .

THEY MISPRONOUNCE IT A PERANI.



 THISTEMPLEISAPAZHANIINDINDIGULDISTRICT,TAMILNADU,INDIA.

THEIR HOLY RELIC IS A LAMP WITH A PEACOCK ON TOP—THEY HAVE ONLY TWO OF THESE
LAMPS COMING DOWN SINCE ANCIENT TIMES .

HERE IS ME LIGHTING SUCH A LAMP.



UNO  MUST ENSURE THAT YAZIDIS HAVE A HOMELAND OF THEIR OWN AT NORTH IRAQ.



This is why most European Stonehenge sites are still to be excavated. These are
throw away mandalas, allowed only one single use.  In Kerala,  India -- BBC
comes to video tape the Vedic tantric havanams , made of wood after which they
are ritually burnt.

Every year in Kerala , BBC comes with their TV crew to film these Tantric
ATHIRATHRAM rituals. The atlar is eagle shaped. 1110 specially designed bricks
are used.

The ritual is for cosmic consciousness, universal brotherhood and prosperity.



Into the homam fire went clarified butter ( ghee ) , cow dung cakes , rice and
mystical herbs to purify the atmosphere – along with divine sound  mantras.


 

 

        
                                


There are several Stonehenges in India  .  Willong Khullen Nagaland has its own
Stonehenge of the tallest stones nearly 8  meters tall and more than meter thick
( below ) --which dwarfs the British Stonehenge



There is another one at Nartiang Meghalaya, India  .

Every Stonehenge on this planet from Gobekli Tepi , Alaska Stonehenge, English
Stonehenge,  Arkaim Russia Stonehenge , Asota Pakistan , Gidduhaur Jharkhand
India etc are all made by ancient Indians.

Most of the ancient Indian Stonehenges have been deliberately destroyed by the
white invader—so that they can claim the British Salibury Stonehenge for
themselves .After all it is their own WONDER , right?


The Vedic chanting is about cosmic consciousness and quantum tunneling.  It is
too profound a subject to talk about in this post.

Bloodless sacrifices are done.

Punch in VEDIC QUANTUM INTENTION EXPERIMENT- VADAKAYIL, to read about these
soliton fields.

 

In the above video you see a group of amateur foreigners, doing a Vedic Havanam.
Note the coconut being broken with INTENTION in the beginning, for quantum
tunneling of the cosmos .

The 3 prong Shiva's trident is Yin-Yang and the middle mediator. ( tamas-sattwa-
rajas ).

The 108 names of Shiva chanted by the group stands for-- the 54 Shiva-Shakti 3
point intersections , 54 Sanskrit alphabets-- of the Sri Yantra divine geometry
which contains the Theory of everything , the 108 elements of the Mendeleyeev's
periodic table , the 108 marmas of Ayurveda, the 108 Mudras and 108 Upanishads
written in 5000 BC.

The actual sounds are in the video below-- Vedic chants for WOLRD PEACE-- Cosmic
Consciousness..

 

 



The Agnihotra Homam is done on top of raised structures. There is a way to chant
the Rig Veda 5000 BC, mantras. The Islam religion has copied this chant, but
have left out the fire, the ghee, the cow dung and the Quantum physics.

On 21st Dec 2012, I would suggest the Agnihotra Vedic homam is done at select
points of this planet at sunrise.
********************************************************************************
MOTHER OF ALL CIVILIZATIONS, SARASWATI 9000 BC -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL THE DIRTY
MAX MUELLER,  MACAULAY HOAX --  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




This is the first step to rewriting world history, which has been subverted by
selfish and vested interests .


Before I proceed I must express my gratitude to the flower children ( the
hippies of the sixties ) who took on the big brother establishment  by their
short  curlies and won —and gave this planet the apple, internet information
superhighway and the great Google..


To make my job easier I must first tell an imaginary jungle story.




################## Inside a unused well in the Indian Jungle , there were two
################## lame frogs.

They thought that the dark well  and the small round blue sky they saw on top
was the cosmos.   Till one day during unusually heavy rains, the water level of
this well came up and both jumped out on to terra firma.

Excited they hopped along till they saw two child animals playing football.
Immediately one of the frogs cried that  the ball was manufactured by his great
grandfather and established ownership over it.

The hopped along and wherever they went they gave cock and bull croaking stories
of how their ancestors literally invented, discovered , built and made
everything in the jungle.

They were so shrewd and slimy  in their approach that very soon even the King
lion was made to believe that the deep jungle belonged to these frogs, and lived
in psychological subjugation.

Blah Blah -- Every fruit tree was planted by our ancestors, every lake was dug
by our ancestors ---- Blah Blah — ######################



These two frogs are the equivalent of German Friedrich Max Muller, and
Englishman Thomas Babington Macaulay.

Macaulay under instructions from the Vatican and told Max Muller how to subvert
and hijack world history.

The whole of the white Western civilization came out from the Quaternary ice age
in 9500 BC and then they went around writing history of ancient civilisations ,
pretty much the way the two lame frogs did hoppety -hop and skippety skip , all
around the jungle .




This gruesome twosome re-invented the wrote of Indian history and civilization
in the 18th century, to suit Vatican.

Muller with the help of opium running German Jewish Rothschilds family did
massive cock and bull propaganda .


That he learnt Sanskrit , the oldest language in the world , --- that he did his
PhD from Leipzig university ---- that he was in India examining how the Aryans
from Europe invaded India and drove the indigenous Dravidian inhabitants to the
south , and how they invented Sanskrit and wrote the Vedas . How the Vedic Hindu
Swastika symbol belonged to the German Nazi Aryan

In one single master stoke he gave the credit of every ancient Indian Hindu
vedic work in language, Science, Mathematics , Astronomy etc.to the blonde blue
eyed Christian white man, as dictated by Vatican.

The ugly truth is Max Muller who worked for British East India company in
England, did NOT understand Sanskrit. He just knew the alphabets . He had
several English speaking Hindu Pandits translating every Sanskrit book for him.
East India company was owned by the drug running ( opium to China ) Rothschild
family.

They first translated the Hitopedesa ( Indian Fables ) and Mueller affixed his
name on it. Mueller never ever visited India leave alone explore the Vedic sites
. His name is NOT on the rolls of Leipzig university .


Max Mueller gave the big bullshit in 1859 that he read the Rig Veda, which he
dated as written in 1500 BC on the banks of the river Ganges , while it was
actually written and studied by heart by Indian rishis in 5000 BC on the banks
of the mighty river Saraswati. A vedic Maharishi had 12 strand DNA and a FRACTAL
MIND, where he sees complex mathematics as geometry.

My mother tongue Malayalam literature is more or less Sanskrit, and is the
closest to Sanskrit among all the hundreds of languages in India. I studied
Sanskrit at school till 8th standard as a third language, after English and
Hindi.




Aryabhatta ( 2700 BC ) one of the top 5 mathematicians ever , lived in Kerala,
as his astronomical calculations used a latitude near Calicut, my hometown.  Max
Mueller put him at 500 AD.


Aryabhatta was the first to calculate Pi of 3.1416 and the solar year of 365.358
days . He propounded a heliocentric universe  4000 years before Copernicus, with
elliptically orbiting planets and a spherical earth spinning on its axis
explaining the motion of the heavens. He was the father of plane / spherical
Trigonometry and Algebra, when Europe was in the dark ages.. Today you don't see
this pioneers name in the list of top 100 mathematicians.

Aryabhatta was the first to compute the circumference of the earth, with an
error of just 64 miles.. Aryabhatta gave a method to find the cube root of
numbers and dealt with arithmetic,geometric and indeterminate equations in
algebra. He dealt with square,cube, triangle, trapezium, circle and sphere in
geometry. He was called Arjehir by the Arabs.

Poor Galileo did a Aryabhatta 4 millineums years later , that the earth is round
and circles the sun , and the church blinded him , so that he can never look
into another telescope .

Adi Sankaracharya of 2000 BC , the great Indian Philosopher and foremost expert
of Vedic culture , Vedas , Gita and Upanishads , who ran Vedic schools was born
in Kerala ( my home state ) at Kaladi. Bhagavat Gita is the Hindu equivalent of
the Bible and Koran, and all Indian Hindus swear on this holy book in a court of
law.



Bhagavat Gita is NOT a part of Indus valley civilization, but of the Saraswati
river civilization , which is the oldest civilization in the world, older than
Mesopotamia, Sumeria and Egyptian civilizations by several thousand years.

Gita is just a discourse given by charioteer Lord Krishna to Prince Arjuna ,
just before the start of the great Mahabharat war in 4000 BC.  This was done to
lift Arjun from depression when he saw his own relatives and Gurus lined up
against him in war.




   
Krishna’s brother Balaram gives a description of his sojourn along the dying
Saraswati river from Dwaraka to Mathura. I have visited Dwaraka 32 years ago and
convinced myself that the  ancient city extends to the sea and has been rebuilt
7 times , as per legend.  5 years after this I was vindicated when I saw  Indian
National TV Doordarshan showing underwater picture of these 7 stages .






Now let me introduce Macaulay, the great white liar .

He was under instructions from the Pope to inject poison into Hinduism and the
great Vedic culture and belittle it, beyond recognition. He used Mueller to
achieve this end.

Vatican had realized that almost all European languages have similarities to
Sanskrit.  So instead of saying that the hand slapped the face , it was
important to establish that the face slapped the hand.

It was necessary to make all believe in ridiculous Christian Chronology – that
the world was created at 9 AM on 23rd Oct 4004 BC and the great flood with Noah
and ark party was in 2500 BC.



So the hoax of the great Aryan invasion into India sounded all right if it was
dated to 1500 BC.

The fact remains that all ancient Indian civilisations ( rather even all world
civilisations ) gave birth on river banks.

Vedic culture is NOT related to the Indus valley and Ganges.

 INREALITYVEDICCULTUREFLOURISHEDALONGTHEBANKSOFHOLYRIVERSARASWATIIN9000BC.



The Rig Veda mentions Saraswati river as between Yamuna to the East ( Taj Mahal
is on Yamuna banks ) and river Sutlej to the west.

It is NOT a mystical river as contended by Max Mueller. The Mahabharata clearly
talks about the River Saraswati drying up. The mighty and perennial Saraswati
river flowed from the Himalayan Glaciers to the Rann of Kutch where it emptied
into the Arabian sea. Dwaraka of Lord Krishna was part of this civilization.
Ganges was also flowing at that time into the Bay of Bengal.



Saraswati , which was wider than Amazon started drying up in 4000 BC due to
tectonic plate shifts which blocked the glacier source , and made this river
dependant on rains , NOT melting ice.






Gradually the whole river was buried under the Thar desert sand dunes, leaving
only disconnected pools and lakes here and there.


Yamuna river soon started pouring into Ganges instead of Saraswati.



When the Saraswati river started drying up, the whole elite civilization
migrated to fertile lands – some to Ganges, some to south west of India from Goa
to Kerala. Some went upto Mesopotamia and Sumeria.


Druhyus ( Druids as Harry Potter fans know ) who preferred colder climates went
to Europe and Russia taking along the Indian holy swastika ( Nazi ) symbol with
them. This symbol was seen on pottery at the Russian equivalent of Stonehenge at
Arkaim Chelyabinsk. This grand Stonehenge is estimated by Russians at 3000 years
older than the British Stonehenge.





The Saraswat Brahmin Arkaim migration scrolls can be read at Partagali Mutt.


The warrior sage Parashurama who created Kerala by throwing his axe ( legend )
was from the Sarasawati banks.



My Russian chief engineer born in this Chelyabinsk site had shown me the
swastika pictures. He was keen to know what it is .


To all Indian Saraswati is a goddess, like Ganges and other major holy rivers.
The confluence of Saraswati, Ganges and Yamuna is known a Triveni to every
Indian—as is a holy pilgrimage site.



Gradually Ganges took over the holy mantle of the Saraswati, and gave birth to
the new Indus valley civilization . The vedic culture belongs to Saraswati and
NOT the Ganges.


The old seers and sages of Saraswati has 12 strand DNA and king sized resonating
Pineal glands and were literally supermen.



I remember i was quite miffed in school while studying in 7th standard while
reading my NCERT social studies book, which gave Max Muellers bullshit version
of Indian civilization.---

 “ Aryans invaded India from Europe in 1500 BC and drove the Dravidians ( dasyus
 “ sic! ) south.  The dasyus were dark skinned with flat noses and did not
 “ worship the same gods as Aryans.. Aryans invented Sanskrit and wrote the
 “ Vedas . Aryans developed the Indus valley vedic civilization” – all as per
 “ the Macaulay master plan.

Imagine how the white man will react if an Indian Hindu subverts Bible to
convert Christians into Hinduism.

I am supposed to be Max Muellers Dasyu— check out my flat nose at the end of
this post . ( Request: ladies , don’t fall in love! ).

Max Mueller has been so clever, that he fooled eminent Indians like Swami
Vivekananda and Jawaharlal Nehru, into believing that he is a great friend of
India  ( not a dirty political agent of  Macaulay and Vatican).


Little did he imagine that by 2009 Indians will master satellite technology and
place their national flag on the moon . DNA imprinting and Isotope dating is no
big deal. Borewells have been dug along the length of hidden and extinct
Saraswati river, to obtain sweet water, and extract riverbed shell molluscs.

On Indus civilization Mohenjodaro tablets of 3000 BC, the images of Lord Krishna
( as a baby ) is seen.

Below - the picture of the base of a missing Shiva Lingam found during Harappa
excavations (concealed by the British ) to prove that Shiva concept did NOT
exist in 4000 BC.



Mahabharat war happened in 4000 BC at Kurushetra.



The Mueller / Macaulay conspiracy is a bigger hoax that the Darwin theory of
evolution. It has been proved beyond doubt by American and Indian universities
by DNA tests that the Indian Dravidian DNA is same as so called Indian Aryan
DNA.   While the DNA of different races in Europe is vastly different.


Darwin has falsified his educational qualifications , same was done by Max
Mueller !





Our indian Satellites have done underground mapping of Saraswati river.



Hitler wanted all to believe that the Aryans were fair skinned, with blonde hair
and blue eyes.


Rig veda was written in 5000 BC on the banks of the Saraswati.


Now this is where Max baby gets caught with his pants down-- Rig Veda talks only
about Saraswati river --NOT Ganges or Indus.  Ganges is mentioned only once.


If Rig Veda is written by the blonde blue eyed white man so late --then why the
hell  is it talking about the river Saraswati, which did NOT exist at that time
-- pray?


prithee?





A few Rig Vedic hymns which mention Saraswati river are appended  below:
ambitame naditame devitame sarasvati (II.41.16) (The best mother, the best
river, the best Goddess, Saraswati) maho arnah saraswati pra cetayati ketuna
dhiyo visva virajati (I.3.12) (Saraswati like a great ocean appears with her
ray, she rules all inspirations) ni tva dadhe vara a prthivya ilayspade
sudinatve ahnam: drsadvatyam manuse apayayam sarasvatyam revad agne didhi
(III.23.4) (We set you down, oh sacred fire, at the most holy place on Earth, in
the land of Ila, in the clear brightness of the days. On the Drishadvati, the
Apaya and the Saraswati rivers, shine out brilliantly for men) citra id raja
rajaka id anyake sarasvatim anu; parjanya iva tatanadhi vrstya sahasram ayuta
dadat (VIII.21.18) (Splendor is the king, all others are princes, who dwell
along the Saraswati river. Like the Rain God extending with rain he grants a
thousand times ten thousand cattle) Saraswati like a bronze city: ayasi puh;
surpassing all other rivers and waters: visva apo mahina sindhur anyah; pure in
her course from the mountains to the sea: sucir yati girbhya a samudrat
(VII.95.1-2)

Saraswati Vedic age existed from 9000 BC to 4000 BC.  . Emperor Vikramaditya the
Vedic ruled in 7000 BC ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam.  The black
stones at Jerusalem, Petra, Mecca and all far east temples were endorsed in this
era.  It was tradition to build a temple over a Shiva lingam. This is NOT a
queen Victoria type rule, where the whole idea was to steal and steal and steal.
Vikramaditya only GAVE, hence he was welcomed everywhere --NOT as an invader,
but a provider of security,  law, medicine, language , ethics trade, and culture
.

It was Vikramaditya who gave ABRAHAM , who is common to other religions ( Brahma
the Creator ). Most languages have MA , or a sound alike for mother ( from
Sanskrit ) .


Can you imagine Europeans came to rob India since 14th century AD and then
suddenly claimed in 19th century AD that they have just come home like the
quintessential prodigal son!  How sweet!


You find authors like Lynne McTaggart writing best selling books " The Intention
experiment " and "The Field " --without a single reference to the Vedic culture
, from where it originated-- 11000 years ago! These pretenders do NOT understand
that Mayans and their favourite  rest--do NOT speak Sansrkrit.




Shockers: Max Mueller has NOT written a single word in Sanskrit.


Panini’s Sanskrit grammar book was finally traced to the Vatican library in 1988
( will a Hindu religious institution ever do something vice -versa?  What is the
need to do all this?



When the pyramids were built 5000 years ago, NOBODY on this planet including the
Egyptians has the technology to find the exact North East South West cardinal
positions of Vaastu.


Nobody on the planet had an idea what is sun's declination or Kepler’s
precession via astronomy . The geographic and the magnetic poles are NOT the
same. The North pole is 1600 miles away and the south pole is 2570 kilometers
away.

The ancient Kerala sailors sailed to Socotra and Aquaba and Basra using a
compass of magnetised fish blade floating on light oil floating on water. This
is symbolised by Arjun shooting into the eye of the fish in a rotating overhead
bowl to win Draupadi in 4000 BC.

When super genius Indian Mathematician Srinivasan Ramanujan arrived at London,he
was greeted by Professor Hardy. Hardy made a innocent remark that the number of
the taxi , he came in is 1729-- a boring number.

Ramanujan looked at the number plate himself and replied casually in a knee jerk
manner "No, actually it is a very interesting number. .It is the smallest
natural number representable in two different ways as the sum of two cubes"

--and then this brilliant man told the equation on the spot







Today the West have recorded this as the HARDY-RAMANUJAN NUMBER.

Well Hardy listened damn well, right?

What a joke!

While on this subject-- ancient Vedic 12 strand Maharishis saw numbers as
FRACTAL 3D GEOMETRY like our Sri Yantra. A 2 strand DNA person like you and me
can never understand what this means. Such knee jerk response for 1729 by
Ramanujan is possible only by beautiful minds who can see numbers as pictures.
Albert Einstein: We owe a lot to the Indians, who taught us how to count,
without which no worthwhile scientific discovery could have been made.

Mark Twain: India is the cradle of the human race, the birthplace of human
speech, the mother of history, the grandmother of legend and the great grand
mother of tradition.


Romain Rolland- the famous French scholar:  If there is one place on the face of
earth where all dreams of living men have found a home from the very earliest
days when man began the dream of existence, it is India.


Sir John Woodroffe:  “An examination of Indian Vedic doctrines shows that it is
in tune with the most advanced scientific and philosophical thought of the West

Will Durant, American historian:  “India was the motherland of our race, and
Sanskrit the mother of Europe’s languages: she was the mother of our philosophy;
mother of the ideals embodied in Christianity; Mother India is in many ways the
mother of us all”.

Henry David Thoreau, American Thinker & Author: Whenever I have read any part of
the Vedas, I have felt that some unearthly and unknown light illuminated me. In
the great teaching of the Vedas, there is no touch of sectarianism. It is of all
ages, climbs, and nationalities and is the royal road for the attainment of the
Great Knowledge. When I read it, I feel that I am under the spangled heavens of
a summer night.










Pictures above: The massive Vatican propaganga machine has put this Cambodian
Vishnu temple, at Angor Wat , at 1200 AD, while modern isotope and carbon dating
had proved that this tree is more than 5000 years old. The statue bas -relief
shows , the devas and asuras churning Amrit from the sea, as per Hindu folklore.



To the sceptic who wonders whether I have replaced one set of max Mueller lies
with another bigger one—pl note.  When Hindus are born their horoscopes are
made. Every Indian Hindu does it. Mine was engraved on a palm leaf. My sons’
horoscopes are in a notebook. The horoscope gives the navagrahas and rashis. For
Sri Rama of Ramayana who fought with Ravana in 4300 BC, his horoscope gives
position of different planets vis-a-vis zodiac constellations and nakshatras
(visible stars) were: i) Sun in Aries; ii) Saturn in Libra; iii) Jupiter in
Cancer; iv) Venus in Pisces; v) Mars in Capricorn; vi) Lunar month of Chaitra;
vii) Ninth day after no moon; viii) Lagna as Cancer (cancer was rising in the
east); ix) Moon on the Punarvasu (Gemini constellation & Pllux star). Max
Mueller had no such information, nor will he ever understand all this.


Indian mutts have record of horoscopes of all our Vedic personalities, to give
us time lines--we don't do bullshit guesswork or vested planting of dates ,
wrong by several millenniums, to suit the Biible time line where the cosmos was
created at 9 AM on 23rd Oct 2004..  The below photo is the horoscope of Swami
Vivekananda. All white men body talk about ancient astronomy and uses Indian
Sanskrit words and credits it to Mayan, Cherokee India, Hopi, Egyptian, Greek
civilisations or themselves -- they lifted everything out of Vedanta, and will
never admit it. Every Hindu Indian has his own horoscope like the one below.
Jesus Christ was in India was 3 years to learn how to make horoscopes, do
meditation, learn medicine  etc--as per modern Nostradamus Edgar Cayce readings,
which is still available.


 


ABRAHAM who is common to Christianity, Islam and Judaism is BRAHMA, the creator
god of Hinduism. Brahma's wife is Sarawati the goddes of learning . Sara is the
wife of Abraham. Hindusim is 110 centuries old, while Christianity is 20
centuries old and Islam is 14 centuries old.
********************************************************************************
SABARIMALA , MAKARA VILAKKU , MAKARA SANKRANTI , PARASHURAMA AND AYYAPPA -- CAPT
AJIT VADAKAYIL QUANTUM CONSCIOUSNESS AT SABARIMALA





Today is 14th Jan 2011-- and is Makara Sankranti day in Kerala, and today the
Makara Vilakku ( it is NOT a celestial star ) will be made visible to 2 million
devotees.


The Maravilakku is a Vedic Havanam or Karpooram homam fire lit on 14th Jan every
year since 4000 BC, --unbroken-- by the Malayar followers of Lord Parashurama (
who received it from Indra ) , symbolising the heavenly ascent of Bheeshma
pitama.



Before Parashurama came to Kerala the Malayyars lives in the mountains and the
Thirayyar ( or sea navigators ) in the plains.

The patron saint of the Kerala Thirayyars  is  Rishi Therayar , the first
disciple of Maharishi Agastya . Agastya , the greatest of the Sapt Rishis, also
famous as the first of the Siddhas , who also founded the Kalari Payattu art of
fighting.








It is a pity that the intelligent people of Kerala do NOT know their own
chequered history and lineage. They would rather learn about their history from
the white man's cock and bull stories.









 

The vedic civilisation is the oldest in the world at 9000 BC. This civilisation
existed from 9000 BC to 4000 BC on the banks of the Saraswati river. All Vedic
Maharishis had 12 strand DNA and FRACTAL minds where they see even complex maths
like Calculus as geometry.


Sanskrit was their language and the Swastika ( nazi emblem ) was their symbol .
The Rig Veda was written in 5000 BC. Rig Veda refers only to Saraswati river,
and NOT to Ganges. Rig Veda never talks about gods Rama and Krishna-- it is
several centuries older.




Sarasawati river dried up in 4000 BC due to a tectonic shift blocking the
glacial mouth at the Himalayas. The entire Sarswat elite migrated to other areas
, including Kerala coast as a mass exodus.  Aryans migrated FROM India and never
TO India , as propounded by the Vatican and the white man.




Two men Max Mueller and Macaulay were appointed by the Vatican to show the great
11000 year old Vedic civilisation is only 4000 years old . The primary aim was
to show that the Vedic civilisation and Sanskrit belonged to the white man --
the blonde, blue eyed man from Europe. It was necessary as Europe had come out
from the quartenary ice age only in 9500 BC.




Max Mueller pretended and did great propaganda that he knew Sanskrit, while
actually the Kashmiri Pandits translated  the Rig Veda for him. Rig Veda was
written in 5000 BC on the banks of the river Saraswati, NOT in 1500 BC on the
banks of the Ganges river-- as per Vatican propoganda , so that the Christian
white man can swipe the whole of Vedic achievement. Max Mueller fooled even
learned men like Swami Vivekanda and Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru. But for the
internet,  the peer reviewed magazines and Free Mason held publishing houses,
would never reveal all this to the world.  Previously history was decided over
brandy and cigars.


The white man put Manu , the law giver at 100 BC, when he received the laws as a
seer in 7000 BC, on the banks of the mighty river Karnali/ Ghagra. Vikramaditya
ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to Cambodia around the same time. Dont we know of
the black worship meteorite stones at Mecca, Petra , Jerusalem and the Vedic
temples as far east as Thailand, Vietnam and Cambodia?.










The Mahabharata happened in 4100 BC ( Ramayana happened 200 years earlier )--by
which time Saraswati was rain dependant and dying. A warrior sage by the name of
Parashurama , with 12 strand DNA and a king sized pineal gland is common to both
epics.









We cannot understand the Sabarimala pilgrimage unless we know who Parasurama is
. Parashurama created Kerala by throwing his axe into the Arabian sea , as per
legend.




He was the Guru of several Indian stalwarts like Drona and Bhishma of Mahabharat
, and for Karna , Lord Ayyappa, the diety of Sabarimala and Lord Rama,  in a
"one way direction".


Parashurama was upset with Sri Ram for breaking his Shiva's bow, which he had
given to King Janaka for safe keeping. So when Ram was on the way back to
Ayodhya with his new bride Sita and Lakshman he accosted him, and gave him the
bow of Vishnu to string.( Ram recognised Parashurama but Parashurama did NOT
know the "real" Ram ) .

Ram strung Vishnu's bow easily, and pointed the arrow at Parashurama.
Parashurama suddenly felt all his martial and spiritual energy drained out out
his body -- and he suddenly realised that Ram is Vishnu avatar himself.  Ram
then shot the arrow ( missile ) into the sky, after uttering the trigger mantra
.

After that Parashurama went for sanyas to Mahendra Parvat and was never ever
seen -- Parashurama he is a iccha mrithyu Vishnu avatar . Parashurama will be
the MARTIAL GURU of Vishnu's 10th avatar Kalki.




It was Parashurama who installed the Ayurveda god Dhanwantari idols in Kerala.









Parashurama is the creator of Malayalam language and partly Kalari in 4400 BC.









Kalari talks about 108 marmas. Parashurama has installed 108 idols in Kerala and
the west coast , which includes the Sastha temple , the blue idol at Kanya
kumari (which Swami Vivekanda worshipped) , Agni Mandir in Shivpuri, and the
Sabarimala idol..




You can see Sabarimala temple in the midst of very dense jungle , in Latitude  9
deg 26 min N and Longitude 77 deg 05 min E. You can zoom in on Google Earth.






    
 ItcontainstheDharmaShaasthaidolinstalledbyParashurama.









     


And contrary to the white man's speculation , Makara Sankranti has nothing to do
with astronomy. This has been planted by Vatican just to say HEE HEE, these
stupid Indians never knew of Kepler's precession. Of course we knew it , this is
why our Hindu yuga ends in 2012 after the 25764 year precession cycle.




Makara Sankranti is celebrated on 14th Jan of every year all over India, as
introduced by the Vedic Saraswats in 4000 BC. This means Makara Sankranti has
been celebrated in Kerala since the past 6000 years.




It is on this day 6000 years ago that the great Bheeshma of Mahabharata decides
to leave his body behind on a bed of arrows and ascend to heaven, in the
presence of Lord Krishna and Arjun--exactly as per the Iccha Mrityu  ( death at
will ) boon given by his father.






 

Above video :



VISHNUSAHASRANAMA STOTRAM : Soon after the death of Duryodhana, Yudhisthira was
coroneted as the king. Though the war was over, Bheeshma was still lying on the
bed of arrows as he vowed to leave this world only when the kingdom of
Hastinapur is safe.  Knowing this, immediately after the coronation,
Yudhisthira, accompanied by Lord Krishna and his brothers, went to Bheeshma.
Before leaving his mortal body, Bheeshma gives a long discourse to Yudhisthira
on various aspects of life and Dharma. After listening to everything,
Yudhisthira wants to know if there is any one thing through which one can
achieve all; and Bheeshma prescribes the Viashnusahasranama stotra. The first 13
stanzas are the dialog between Yudhisthira and Bheeshma.


Lord Krishna's Sudarshan chakra was given to him by Parashurama.









The river Saraswati died, and passed the holy baton on to river Ganges-- as
river Yamuna decided to empty into Ganges.  Millions of people take at dip at
the new holy river Ganges confluence with Bay of Bengal at Ganga Sagar . The
Triveni where the Saraswati, Ganges and Yamuna once met is also a place of
pilgrimage. The Kumbh Mela is also a part of theis process every 12 years.




Makara Sankranti is to honour and worship the river Saraswati -- or the Hindu
goddess of learning. All Vedic learning is from the banks of this river!









Makara Jyothi is the divine Vedic homam fire given by Indra via sage Narada  to
sage Parashurama. It was into the same continuous fire on the banks of river
Saraswati, that beautiful Amba had jumped in self immolation.


Parashurama failed to persuade his friend Bheeshma ( a celibate ) to marry Amba.
Getting angry the short fused Parashurama attacked the noble Bheeshma, who was
equally good in fighting . After fighting for many days Parashurama cooled down
and stopped fighting , causing Amba , who was left in the lurch, to jump into
the blazing hot camphor fire.





  
This is the light which millions of pilgrims visit Sabari hills to witness on
Makara Sanktranti day.




If you zoom in from the below photo taken from Ponnambalamedu you can see the
Sannidhanam.    On Google Earth it is at Latitude 09 deg 22 min 04.98 sec N and
Longitude 077 deg 07 min 11.29 sec E, at a height of 3562 feet above sea level
-- or at a direction of about 125 deg true from the Sannidhanam of Sabarimala.





 

 

This is a holy ritual fire, lit at a specific time, on a hill east of the
sannidhanam   -- NOT a celestial star, which has to do with precession.


Lit three times to represent Tamas/ Rajas/ Sattva--the trident of Lord Shiva.
This is a signal for the pilgrims to chant SWAMIYEE-- SHARANAMAYYAPPA







Pilgrims have to cleanse themselves with 41 days of fasting , prayer and abstain
from worldy pleasures , before they take the dangerous trek through dark jungles
infested with tigers, with bare feet.


A large posse of policemen do crowd control .












Let me talk about of Kerala hero and founder --Lord Parashurama. He was the
great grandson of Brigu Rishi, who lived on the banks of river Saraswati in 4400
BC.. He was the youngest of the 5 children of Jamagdhani and Renuka, and was a
gifted wielder of weapons.




One day King Sahsrarjuna killed his father. Seeing his mother terribly
distraught he swore to take revenge and also kill every Kshtriya of the clan.







First he killed all the sons of Sahasarjuna with his battle axe and then he went
around in a mad frenzy , killing every Kshatriya he came across, till his
grandfather Richeek Rishi stopped him.









He did the Ashwemedha sacrifice , which only Kings are allowed to do ,
disregarding protocol, and then came to Kerala, where he donated land to the
Namboodiris.







He lived on the banks of Pampa river.










Lord Ayappa was an expert in the martial art Kalari Payattu, and would ride
tigers.










Parshurama was the great Guru of Dronacharya , the Guru of the Pandavas and
Kauravas .




The Sabarimala pilgrimage is about COLLECTIVE QUANTUM CONSCIOUSNESS , where
millions of people with one single intent , chant the mantra " swamiyee
sharanamayyapa " in unison while watching a single bright object the Makara
Vilakku.  ( 51 million pilgrims visited the temple in 2010-- this is the
population of some large countries on this planet).


















The atmosphere there at this time is electric , and the frenzy has to be seen
and felt to be believed-- where even your body hairs stand up.















All of them break coconuts , which is spilling of electrolytic plasma -- and
hence is a bloodless sacrifice.



Sage Parashurama had stopped spilling blood after his grandfather commanded him
to do so!


Coconut contains Lauric acid found in mother's milk and is the purest offering
to god , an electrolytic liquid like human blood , without neutrinos.


Breaking a coconut with intention, causes the BUTTERFLY EFFECT known by quantum
physicists. Millions of devotees, chant SWAMIYEE SARANAMAYYAPPA in unison , to
shut off the internal monkey mind chatter, which rings the tuning fork of
consciousness to resonate the quantum energy level matrix, as a VORTEX of group
coherent memory. This unleashes SCALAR WAVES like a SOLITON, to resonate your
DNA and do its own miracle. ( the ordinary pilgrim need not know all this ).
Consciousness is holographic in nature. At the time of Mkaravilakku, millions of
hearts, pumping blood through the mobius coil, produce a huge electromagnetic
field, causing collective resonance.



     
Consciousness affecting reality is called the Placebo Effect. The body is
brought back to the original DNA blue print state. It is about "remembered
wellness". Quantum healing works outside the fabric of space time, and does NOT
follow cause/ effect rules. The brain is the ultimate pharmacy which releases
natural body friendly chemicals in the right dosage without side effects. ( the
ordinary pilgrim at Sabarimala cares only for the good effects ).







There is NO restrictions of religion or caste at Sabarimala. However since the
deity Ayyappa was a confirmed bachelor, only women after menopause can visit the
temple.

 


Above Christian foreign funded NDTV , who keeps pricking Hinduism wants to know
why women are NOT allowed in Sabarimala temple. This Hindu woman Barkha Dutt (
caught red handed in Nira Radia corruption case ) will never DARE to ask a
Muslim priest why women are NOT allowed in mosques. Rahul grandson of the temple
tantri put her in her place, and leaves her red faced.


His father the King of Panthala Rajashekaran had found him as a handsome baby
with a golden chain with a bell on his neck in the forest, while hunting. The
queen initially adored him, but, when she got a child of her own later, was very
worried that Ayyappa would be the next king. She pretended to be sick and told
Ayyappa than only the milk of a tiger could cure here.





Ayyappa came back riding on a mother tiger, with cubs following. Noble Ayyappa
became sad at this obvious conspiracy to kill him , and sacrificed himself to
keep his foster mother happy. He disappeared into the forest and swore not to
continue his lineage by marrying.

 


His Guru had revealed to him at a young age that he had divine powers ( which
both kept as secret while he lived in the palace.). He could ride tigers.




Distraught King Rajashekara who loved Ayyappa , constructed the Sabarimala
temple.  Parashurama installed the deity on Jan 14th sunset.




The Makara vilakku is an indicator to the Makara Sankranti day pilgrims that
their visit is indeed acknowledged by Ayyappa , as a visible distant signal of
mass blessing ( 3 times ).





The Makara Jyothi is a bright star-- it will be there the previous day as well
as the next day-- so it is NO big deal or wonder.









What do the pathetic detractors , rationalist ignoramuses and hoax criers know?
--they deserve to be ignorant of human Consciousness (the most valuable thing on
this planet) and the connection it has with DNA -- They must know that this
Group Consciousness Quantum Field even reduces the crime in Kerala ( the least )

 




First they must watch the "double slit quantum experiment" video on Internet, to
start believing.


When we heard that Sanjaya gave a blow by blow account of the Mahabharat war and
Gita to blind king Dhritarashtra --sitting thousands of miles away in 4000 BC,
we all laughed it off right?  Quantum physics says it IS possible . It is about
Quantum tunneling and wormholes , inside which the speed exceeds speed of light.
(Sanjaya had 12 strand DNA and a resonating ( without Soma ) pineal gland.


OM opens up quantum tunneling where the wormholes do not have speed of light
restriction. DNA is a superconductor that stores light at body temperature, and
can create magnetic wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and axional membranes are
also hollow cylinders.


When the pyramids were built 5000 years ago, NOBODY on this planet including the
Egyptians has the technology to find the exact North East South West cardinal
positions of Vaastu.


Nobody on the planet had an idea what is sun's declination or Kepler’s
precession via astronomy .


 

The geographic and the magnetic poles are NOT the same. The North pole is 1600
miles away and the south pole is 2570 kilometers away.The ancient Kerala sailors
sailed to Socotra and Aquaba and Basra using a compass of magnetised fish blade
floating on light oil floating on water.



   
This is symbolised by Arjun shooting into the eye of the fish to win Draupadi in
4000 BC.





100 years ago if someone told you that you could watch some one's porn MMS  on
your mobile phone or video talk on laptop by skype or gmail , you would have had
a bigger laugh-- right ?







We Indians have a culture which is 11000 years old. Be proud of it. The ancient
Vedic culture gave quantum physics to this planet. See your culture through your
own eyes, NOT through the jaundiced eyes of our jealous ex-ruler foreigners ,
who have tried to grab it for themselves and re-write it, using cheats like Max
Mueller .


Is not every Malayali and Indian proud of the Sabarimala , THE GREAT LEVELLER?


There are NIL barriers, even white Christian foreigners go there ( unlike
Guruvayur ) . All wear the same black mundu. All are equal . The upper castes do
not have a chip on their shoulder.






The above picture show Anil Ambani with his mother at Sabarimala. The fabulously
rich Reliance brothers are worth more than Bill Gates in 2011.






The group trek with bare feet , through dense forests , is about team dynamics
and bonding. A group who have gone to Sabarimala together will tell you about
all this spiritual bonding --almost  like ex-army batallion comradeship.




Are not the Indian students ( great grandchildren of stupid ex-coolies ) gold
medallist Maths and Science toppers in every competitive world class western
university?  I have been sailing around the world for 38 years, -- i know what
we are worth.


 


Bottomline:


In today's ( 20th Jan 2011 ) Indian Express Editorial page Mr Rahul Eashwar (
grandson fame ) quotes what the British said about Sabarimala . Is he still
having slavery in his blood?  Cant we talk about our own heritage and culture ,
after 64 years of Independence?


What a disgrace!!.


He should know that 11000 years before Macaulay spread the knowledge around that
soap is civilization, the wise sages from Kerala used Kadalakka podi/ Gram
powder for skin defoliation -degreasing and Thali/ shampoo from Chembaratti /
red Shoe flower leaves , with a dash of Neem.


Ask anybody which is better-- or Mr. Eashwar-- better you try it out yourself.


Consciousness affecting reality is called the Placebo effect.


Just because i gave the picture of the Camphor burning Tara ( platform )  at
Ponnambalamedu,  it is NO reason for the pilgrim to lose his faith on Ayyappa.
Rather , let the Sabarimala trek, WOW the world. Protect the Kerala culture
--don't let the jealous rationalists ( stupid ones who have not seen the double
slit experiment video --see my post dated 21st Jan 2011 ) hijack it.


In our culture we do NOT care for Diwali which the whole of India celebrates. We
are special.

"This is that very same original text-book which the Sun of old promulgated:
"only, by reason of the revolution of the Ages, there is here a difference of
"times. -- Brahmarishi Mayan, Vedic Seer , The Surya Siddhanta, 5000 BC



Below are Black stones or Shiva lingams of 3  ancient 9000 year old PAGAN
temples --








The denizens of this planet must be grateful to the pilgrims at Sabarimala and
Kumbh Mela , for plugging the dark gaping holes in the morphogenetic field of
consciousness. The classical scientific mind of Descartes and Newton will NOT
understand what I mean.

Science has to breach Vedanta-- the last frontier.



The 9th avatar of Vishnu is actually Lord Ayyappa.  The British have installed
Buddha, as the 9th avatar . Buddha is  just a mortal Hindu saint, and belonged
to the Gautama Gotra.   Then they found that this did NOT work.

Nowadays they are very keen on running down Lord Ayyappa into garbage , because
the largest pilgrimage on this planet is the yearly Sabarimala pilgrimage ( not
Kumbh Mela ) and this is increasing every year.  They even tried to fan riots
using the Mullaperiar dam issue , as the trekking route of Tamil and Andhra
pilgrims go this way. Stone throwing was on Tamil pilgrims was instigated by the
Christian Indian foreign funded missionaries.

Initially they tried to make Ayyappa a recent phenomenon, but quoting Ayyapa’s
imaginary cooked up conversations ( the white Christian heard and recorded them
them – God promise !)  with Muslims to pull him forward in history to 1600
years.

When they found that it does NOT work they have now started telling that Ayyappa
is the offspring of a homosexual union between Shiva and Vishnu . ( The White
Christian invaders saw it really –and recorded the video—God promise ) .
According to their poisoned puranas, when Shiva was having sexual intercourse
with Mohini , after the Samudra Manthan , Mohini converted back to male Vishnu
in the middle of the sexual union. So basically it was two males screwing.

Such is the bizarre poison injected into Hinduism by the white Christain man—and
today the Indian missionaries are outdoing the.  Wikipedia even gives sources
like a Telugu text etc .  Punch into Google search MOHINI WIKIPEDIA and you will
know what I mean.

The Vatican tried all these stunts with Muslims history and got a bloody nose
and death fatwas  – and now being scared to death, they do NOT fu#k around with
Islam anymore.


Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang
).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum
possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles, we call the cosmic dance of
Shiva from either side of the Quantum screen... Together they express the great
void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to
perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands (
body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by
Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the oceans
for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. The
amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar
knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine LSD--
rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk
DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and
achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are
accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland
is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this
hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in
the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for
Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep,
while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC
raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-
beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of
life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been
measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers,
regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can
vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT
is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a
psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become
active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline
burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant
observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have
too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were
NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its
mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND
LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the
quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and
Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16,
just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT
trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume
Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you
have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters
your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern
mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh
Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of
each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT
external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to
produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now
degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis
, can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life
use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third
eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness.

The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas will roar to
life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the third eye will
be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2 strand 97% junk DNA
to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil.

THE THREE FLASHES OF MAKARA VILAKKU IS EVERYTHING.

THE FEW SECONDS SPACE IN BETWEEN 2ND AND THIRD FLASHES IS ONE OF PURE AWARENESS
.

A QUANTUM ENTRAINMENT TAKES PLACE AS PER OUR VEDAS, WHERE PRANA IS AMPLIFIED AND
FOCUSED LIKE A LASER BEAM.

MODERN QUANTUM PHYSICS HAS YET TO COME IN TERMS WITH THIS ANCIENT 9000 YEAR OLD
VEDIC ENTANGLEMENT, ENTRAINMENT AND GROUP RESONANCE -- WHICH ACTIVATES THE
AUTONOMOUS NERVOUS SYSTEM .





“Just a little pure awareness relieves a soul of great fear.” - Bhagavad Gita
********************************************************************************
POWER OF MANTRAS ON HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL MANTRAS AND
CONSCIOUSNESS



In the seventies my ship was at Lisbon and I ran ashore to watch the super hit
movie ,starring John Travolta SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER. The movie had a low budget .
Everybody was wondering why the movie became a top grosser.

Well here is the reason .



It was about a single word “ conscience “— which John Travolta showed he had,
when he gave his first prize in dancing – on a tilted towards him , dancing
field -- away , to the true best dancer. Emotionally it struck a chord world
wide.

Same way hardly anybody knows how Shweta Tiwari won the prize for Big Boss 4
–the Indian version of American TV reality show “ big brother “—which had the
likes of Pamela Anderson and WWF wrestler the great Khali .




The entire country was impressed with the way Shweta calmed down a “ devil
possessed and hysterical “ Dolly Bindra— the quintessential battle axe shrew.
She used a Mantra to calm herself from hyper ventilating and to cure Dolly.

The whole world has heard about Mantras. Every body has their own take on it.


Hardly anybody understands what it is.

This is what a Mantra is—read it , understand it, and benefit from it.

A mantra is a word or a series of words , which produce longitudinal Scalar
waves by resonating your Pineal gland and your DNA—in a divine language.

Now what is a divine language?

A divine language came out from a 12 strand DNA – the most complicated
supercomputer on this planet. Since the past 5000 years ( since 3000 BC ) there
have been no human beings on this planet with 12 strand DNA.

All of you have junk DNA --  which 96% of the total.

Sanskrit is a language given to the Vedic rishis by Lord Shiva . In the internet
I find Indians writing that Shiva is an Aghori. To these mislead by the west
people I must say, that the King Cobra snake on Shiva’s shoulders indicated
released Kundalini, which assures you of  12 strand DNA. Shiva's trident
represents Yin-Yang and the dynamic midpoint of duality.




 LetmegonofurtheronAghoris—

Mantras have to be in a divine language compulsorily. So very few languages can
qualify for this . Sanskrit is a divine language.

A language for mantras must be/have— 1)      More than 5000 years old 2)
Accurate expression 3) Clear speech and perfect pronunciation 4)      No changes
since it was first made 5)      Must have a meaning built into every word and
hence must have immense vocabulary. 6)      Must have precise golden ratio sound
harmonics ( Fibonacci/ Sri Yantra ) 7)      Mathematical and geometrical
precision 8)      Phonetic—direct link between sound and signs 9) Script must be
based on the spoken form 10)  Cannot have spellings like English 11)  Cannot
have silent alphabets 12)  Words must unfold from seed forms 13) Natural
continuity is word making 14)  Natural continuity in sentence making 15) Sound
must have vibration 16)  Sounds must have resonance— (this is just the tip of
the iceberg ) 17)  Alphabets must form in cymatics when uttered 18)  Must not
have proper nouns 19) Must be polite with no bad words in the  un- abridged
dictionary 20)  Mantras in this language must be approved by a gifted seer and
the effect felt on his chakras

Only Sanskrit and a dead Himalayan Tibetian language qualifies for all above.

Sanskrit was the language of the worlds first civilization on the banks of the
river Saraswati, which flourished from 9000 BC to 4000 BC. This river dried up
in 4000 BC when the glacial source was blocked by a tectonic shift , making it
rain dependant , and the Yamuna changed course to empty into the Ganges ( which
started the Indus Valley civilization for which Ganges was the holy river  ).

The Rig Veda written in 5000 BC does not talk about Ganges, except once — it
talks about river Saraswati only. This Vedic civilization whose symbol was the
Swastika ( Nazi symbol )  dealt with Quantum physics, Yoga , Mathematics,
Science and Astronomy.

The Vedic exodus of Indian Aryans , outwards ( not inwards --as per Max  Mueller
propaganda on orders of Vatican ) happened in 4000 BC which took people to
Mesopotamia, Europe and Russia. This is why elements of Sanskrit is observed in
European languages.

There has been NO changes to Panini’s grammar book of Sanskrit, unlike the
Oxford English—where in the ridiculous spelling bee contest the children are
forced to ask – language of origin please, definition please, include it  a
sentence please, can you repeat the word please ( due to silent letters )—blah
blah—

Mantras originated in Vedic times , which means it is definitely before 4000 BC.
The king Mantra OM or AUM is 11000 years old—and was told by the sages that it
was the original sound when the Cosmos was created.  OM opens up quantum
tunneling for the wormholes to happen , where the speed of light is NOT the
limiting factor.




OM on a cymatics tonoscope gives the Sri Yantra which gave the magical number of
108 to rosaries. 54 Sanskrit alphabets on a Satva Tamas  ( Yin Yang ) gives 108.
Dimitri Mendeleeyev based his periodic table on the Sanskrit alphabets


Now let me get back to Mantras— MANTRAS ARE THE TRIGGER FOR QUANTUM TUNNELING
AND WORMHOLES WHERE THE SPEED OF LIGHT IS EXCEEDED SEVERAL TIMES OVER.  DNA is a
superconductor that stores light at body temperature, and can create magnetic
wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and axional membranes are also hollow
cylinders.



---Mantras are Scalar energy based sounds which resonate in the Zero Point Field
---Aakashik hyperspace. Mantras resonate your pineal gland . Pineal glands of
---Vedic seers were the size of a lemon. Ours in this 21st century is the size
---of dried raisin . Mantras reprogramme your DNA. The human DNA can produce
---longitudinal scalar waves Mantra is a carrier wave with potent information
---within it. Mantras vibrations on DNA , chakras and pineal gland purifies and
---raises human consciousness Mantras have immediate soothing effect makes the
---brain produce and release magic healing chemicals. Errant and disturbing
---thought are killed! ( what happened on Big Boss 4 ) Mantras must begin and
---end with OM or AUM – the bible uses a lifted version Amen. OM resonates with
---the earths heartbeat of 7.83 hertz.  NASA kept 7.83 hertz generators on their
---Apollo space crafts. Mantras cleanse the environment and can reduce crime in
---a city—if chanted by sufficient numbers , the right way, and right number of
---times.  Some call this transcendental.  It is about quantum consciousness.
---Mantras increase Prana or life force, sharpens intellect and boosts
---metabolism. Mantras can reduce the surface tension of water. Sages kept
---Saraswati and Ganges water in copper lotas with them Mantras centres your
---mind ( effect on subconscious ) and slows down your breathing .   Mantras
---increase your Auras as seen by Kirlean photography—due to the effect on
---symphathetic and para sympathetic nervous systems. Mantra chanting must be
---done with intent, to make it more powerful. This is about consciousness
---again.

 Peopleunderestimatesoundofmusicsomuch.Longitudinalsoundwaveiseverything!!Waves,
 particlesareallsoundofmusic.Yourpowerfulkingsenseofhearingcandistinguishmoretha
 n300000tonesand1300pitches.Nexttimeyouhearasoundofaperson,evenonthephone,visual
 izewhoitcouldbe.


Matter is created from vibrations.



AAA) A potent Vedic Gayantri Mantra created by Sage Vishwamitra , who wrote
Mandale 3 of the Rig Veda in 5100 BC is—


Om Bhur Bhuva Svaha Tat Savitur Varenyam Bhargo Devasya Dheemahi Dhiyo yonah
Prachodayat
     
(OM) OM Dheemahi) We meditate Bhargo) upon the Spiritual Effulgence Varenyam
(Devasya) of THAT Adorable Supreme Divine Reality Savitur) the Source Bhur,
(Bhuva, Svaha) of the Physical, the Astral and the Heavenly Spheres of
(Existence. TAT) May THAT Supreme Divine Being Prachodayat) enlighten Yo) which
(Nah) our Dhi Yo) intellect so that we may realise the Supreme Truth).




This mantra takes 15 minutes to recite 108 times . You can see this video if you
use Google search for correct pronunciation and harmonics .  This can be uttered
by anybody, of any age, man or woman ( even if pregnant ) , of any caste of
creed, at any time.  The Brahmins tried to monopolise this potent mantra by
giving bull. This mantra opens up wormholes in the ZPF  ( quantum physics ).
Brain microtubules and axionic membranes are wormholes.

BBB) OM MANI PADME HUM—check this out on Google. This Mantra is Buddhist. Lord
Buddha was an Indian.




CCC) 7000 year old  Shiva’s Maha Mrityunjay Mantra, from Rig Veda.

It means -- We Meditate on the Three-eyed reality which nourishes and increases
the sweet fullness of life. Like a cucumber from its stem may we be separated
("liberated"), not from immortality but from death.

tryambakaṃ yajāmahe sugandhiṃ puṣṭi-vardhanam urvārukam iva bandhanān mṛtyor
mukṣīya māmṛtā

Tryambakam = the three-eyed one  Yajamahe = We worship, adore, honor, revere
Sugandhim = sweet smelling, fragrant Pushti = A well-nourished condition,
thriving, prosperous, fullness of life Vardhanam = One who nourishes,
strengthens, causes to increase (in health, wealth, well-being); who gladdens,
exhilarates, and restores health; a good gardener Urvarukam = squirting cucumber
Iva = like, just as Bandhanan = stem (of the gourd);(ablative case "from the
stem"- the ending is actually long a then -d which changes to n/anusvara through
sandhi) Mrityor = From death Mukshiya = Free us, liberate us Ma = not Amritat =
Immortality, emancipation

Look in Google search for the Nina Hagen video version, which impressed me . She
is a German Jewish singer with good voice vibrations. Matrras must not be
chanted in Rosogolla sweet voice.





Ensure you are alone in a dark silent room!. Hook your computer on to a stereo
with woofer bass.


Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang
).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum
possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles, we call the cosmic dance of
Shiva from either side of the Quantum screen... Together they express the great
void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to
perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands (
body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by
Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the oceans
for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. The
amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar
knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine LSD--
rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk
DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and
achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are
accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland
is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this
hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in
the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for
Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep,
while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC
raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-
beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of
life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been
measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers,
regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can
vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT
is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a
psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become
active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline
burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant
observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have
too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were
NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its
mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND
LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the
quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and
Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16,
just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT
trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume
Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you
have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters
your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern
mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh
Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of
each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT
external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to
produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now
degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis
, can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life
use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third
eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas
will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the
third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2
strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil.


Let me end with a 7000 year old Vedic invocation in Sanskrit-- GRACE AND PEACE!
********************************************************************************
MATT GROENING , THE UNSUNG GENIUS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



THE UNRECOGNIZED GENIUS --

Last year i needed to clear some space from our computer. I noticed a American
serial " The Simpsons" , occupied a lot of MB space, and decided to delete it.


Suddenly i realised that my elder son , would not save a TV serial unless it was
worth it.


At random i selected a video clip and put it on play , in the middle of the
episode.


What i saw made me have the heartiest laugh of the decade.


To save the town from pollution someone was covering up the town with a huge
glass bubble. Suddenly the drunks in a tavern and rabid "praise the lord party"
in a church felt that apocalypse is comin' -- that the sky is about to fall and
they would die.


Suddenly two groups started running out-- one from the church and the other from
the tavern. The hilarious part is the entire drunken party ran to the church to
pray fervently , and the entire pious party ran to the bar to get drunk--passing
each other on the way , ignoring each other !


This got me interested , and i am glad i saw the series.


The creator Matt Groening is a genius. Whether any Yank agrees with me or not, i
would say he is one of  the greatest living geniuses .


The serial is a satirical parody of the quintessential all American family. It
lampoons the dysfunctional family along with yank culture and society in a
tongue in cheek way, which keeps you in splits.


Most of the time you have to read between the lines. So a moron or a duffer may
ask " what is the big deal? " .  Let them have their own super buffoon Mr.Bean.


The Simpsons full length movie is one of the highest grossers.


The Brits who love this longest running American serial of 20 years , has put a
catch exclamation " DOH! " ( means you are pissed off ) in their dictionary.


I wish they would include:--


"magumba ( large breasts ) too , which makes jogging a spectator sport.


other pearls: --


"pull a homer -- ( to succeed despite being an idiot )


"spiritual de-pantsing  --( Karmic fall from grace )


"texas penny ---( hundred dollar bill )



Homer, the obese dad, works as a safety inspector at the Springfield Nuclear
Power Plant, a position at odds with his careless, buffoonish personality. He is
married to Marge Simpson, a stereotypical American housewife and mother. They
have three children: Bart, a ten-year-old troublemaker; Lisa, a precocious
eight-year-old activist; and Maggie, the baby of the family who rarely speaks,
but communicates by sucking on a pacifier. The family owns a dog, Santa's Little
Helper, and a cat, Snowball .


Matt has won 10 prime time Emmy awards for this serial.





Nike uses Simpsons for branding!













MATT GROENING FOR PRESIDENT!
********************************************************************************
SNOW SHOVELLING AND BACKACHE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


My Canadian Chief engineer joined the ship , and i could see that he had a
severe back problem.


I had two choices-- send him back to Canada OR turn a Nelson's eye and allow him
to operate from his bed for a couple of weeks.

I chose the latter option as he was a good man.



The Engine staff was good enough to carry on with telephonic guidance--so i gave
orders to the steward to feed him in bed. --and also to replace his soft matress
with a hard one .

( now, i cant do this as per regulations, and can lose my own job and be
( disgraced , if my company knows about this . Captain is not expected to run
( his chemical tanker on sentiments, as lives could be lost . But then this is
( the meaning of compassion )

Later I went to visit him and he was praying while lying down with rosary in one
hand and the picture of Jesus in the other--looking very distraught.

I asked him " Tell me exactly how you hurt your back, this bad!"

He said " Half the men in cold countries have the same problem, caused due to
shovelling heavy snow"



Then he showed me a picture of himself shovelling snow at his porch.

To be frank i found the shovel of STUPID ergometric design. Naturally he had
hurt his lower back.



As you grow older your back muscles get stiff in cold and and can cause both
muscular and disc injuries.


So i gave him a few shovelling tips, where the principle of PREVENTION was
paramount --

1) Change your stupid shovel and use a ergonomic hoe type spade .


2) Never ever bend your back, stand upright. If you have to lower yourself use
the thigh muscles.


3) Don't do repetitive action,  continuously.


4) Wear a back support while doing the job



After the next winter , I got a call from him. Thanks! Your advise worked!!


So read this with an open mind. It may work for you too.

The hoe type spade must be in two sizes--one large and one small.

The smaller hoe must have a longer handle.



In India nobody ever uses a spade, which hurts the lower back.


Chop, lever up , shorten the handle , throw-- all the time standing upright.  Do
not scoop up too much wet snow.

Ice-denizens , pl pass this around --



CHANGE IS THE ONLY CONSTANT IN LIFE.

On our ships , our rat guards have been falling off for the past 500 years , and
will continue to do so for the next 500 years. On all the thousands of ships all
over the world!

My son at Cornell, when he was 8 years old , sailed with me.

One day he asked me " Daddy, why are sailors so stupid.  All ships keep
replacing their rat guards on the mooring ropes, which fall off every half an
hour. Why don't you sailors put the hole off- centre, so that the centre of
gravity of the metal sheet shifts downwards and gravity will keep the rat guard
in place" ?

This coloured picture is just to imagine-- how to shift the centre of gravity,
downwards !-- it is moronic to hang weights!!



This is the usual stupid rat guard with a hole in the exact centre-- one tiny
gust of wind and it falls off.



 Yes-atseawetoosufferfromaseverelackofbrains!--likethesnowshovellers!!

If you cant get the hardware, just improvise-- see video below-- so that you
keep your spine straight at all times--  DO NOT BEND!
********************************************************************************
MUKESH AMBANI AND DONALD TRUMP , THE NORTH AND SOUTH POLES -- CAPT AJIT
VADAKAYIL I had the misfortune of watching Donald Trump's show where he snarls "
You are fired !" , and then looks around in triumph--





After this I met a person in New York who worked for Trump and was actually
fired by him in real life.


He told me that Trump is a self absorbed, mean and graceless man, with no
scruples and morals. I saw that his eyes were moist . He said  " Take away this
king sized a$$hole's wealth and what is balance? "


Yet the Yank press and TV channels go GA GA over him.


This man is not even rich!


What is he so cocky about?


Mukesh Ambani of India was the richest man in the world in 2007 as per Forbes
till the US financial jackals did what they needed to do  , and the markets slid
down.  In 2011 Forbes puts his personal wealth at 4th rank.


Mukesh Ambani's , explosion and earth quake proof, electronic state of the art ,
home in Mumbai ANTILLA in excess of 2 billion USD , is worth more that the
entire wealth of Trump put together.


Yet this man is the opposite of Trump-- simple, god fearing , graceful, family
loving , principled . One understands the eastern value of losing the ego, while
the other is a firm believer of the western concept of enhancing the ego.


I would suggest to Trump to practise Vipassana meditation--to get out of his
self imposed , miserable rut.


In 2011, the combined wealth of Mukesh and his younger brother Anil , makes
their company Reliance , the richest in the world.





This 400,000 square feet home in South Mumbai has 600 caretakers, 3 helipads, 9
elevators, 50 seater cinema, 160 car garage, ballrooms , dance discotheque ,
dozens of lounges , gymnasiums, swimming pool etc --  and such opulence Donald
Trump will not be able to imagine, even in his wildest dreams.


Mukesh Ambani stays here with his wife and 3 children.


Every floor has a lush garden.


The western press did not waste any time to ridicule 27 storey ANTILLA and call
it the ugliest building in the world.



But if the same home had belonged to Donald Trump, they would NOT have stopped
singing its praises.



The same press would call Picasso's weird paintings beautiful. They would say
100% of people whom we interviewed called it beautiful. They would not say the
total people interviewed were only 20-- all of whom were engaged in a bullshit
session with cigars and brandy after a free mason dinner. Well , in this
Internet information super highway age  -- this type of " world opinion "
hijacking , is history!






(This is a toilet!)







I have a piece of advise for all the super rich super arrogant people. We are
all on a raft flowing down the rapids without a paddle. One thing is 100% sure--
one day , your raft will plunge down the waterfall , and you will die. NO amount
of money can prevent this.


While you are on the raft of life, be graceful,be happy. Fish , but don't over-
fish. What is the point? Your great grand children will NOT even visit your
grave , to piss on it-- leave alone being grateful.


Live and let live.


You cant take your money to the grave ( even the Pharaoh could NOT do that ).

In any case , your money is just a figure on the computer. You can't see it, nor
can you count it. You cannot eat more than thrice a day.


You came naked , you will go naked. After the game of life , the KING and the
PAWN goes into the same box.


You will be remembered only by your contributions to mankind and this planet.
Rest goes to the garbage bin of history. In this Internet information super
highway age, you cant even manipulate the media and shine for a grand obituary..


Remember, there is great joy in being ordinary. The most valuable things in life
are free.


Can any amount of wealth , power , and society pressure , chain the heart of a
beautiful princess?


Yes-- take this from me.
********************************************************************************
THE MURKY TRUTHS OF INFLATION AND GLOBALISATION -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





THE FINANCIAL JACKALS



A city traveller was driving through a shanty town in Alabama.

He feels he needs to go for a crap , and so he stops at the best motel in town.

He tells the motel owner at the reception that he needs to stay overnight, but
he has to check out the best room first, and only if it suits his standards,
only then , he will stay overnight.

The owner agrees, takes 100 dollars from him as a refundable depost, and the
traveller goes up to check out his room.

Meanwhile the motel owner races to the town’s resident whore and returns the 100
dollars he owes her. The whore rushes to the tailor and return 100 dollars she
owes him. The tailor rushes to the butcher, the butcher rushes to the tavern
owner etc etc—this 100 dollar changes hands several times , before the 100
dollar bill comes back to the motel owner via the local blacksmith who had used
the motel several times.


The traveller meanwhile declares that the motel room is below his standards, (
but he used the toilet for a nice crap quietly ) collects his 100 dollars back
from the motel owner , gets into his car and drives away.

  
Now—

Every body has benefitted—the traveller had his free crap at leisure, the entire
town have repayed their debts in a MERRY GO ROUND WAY , and is looking forwards
to a better future with renewed confidence.


This is how the American system works.


Now let me tell a joke--  about how stupid the run of the mill economist is --
most of them tried to get into Science and Math in college -- but did NOT have
the brains and ran aground on the economics rock.




Experienced economist and not so experienced economist are walking down oxford
street.



They get across shit lying on the asphalt.



Experienced economist: "If you eat it I'll give you $20,000!"



Not so experienced economist runs his optimization program on his I7 procesor
laptop and figures out he's better off eating it so he does and collects money.



Continuing along the same road they almost step into yet another pice of turd.



The not so experienced economist: "Now, if YOU eat this shit I'll give YOU
$20,000."



After evaluating the proposal , our experienced economist eats shit and pockets
the moolah.



They go on.



The not so experienced economist starts thinking aloud : "Listen, we both have
the same amount of money we had before, but we both ate shit. I don't see us
being better off."



Experienced economist: "Well, that's true, but you overlooked the fact that
we've been just involved in $40,000 of fucking trade."




    
Recently a batchmate forwarded an interesting article which was written by an
Indian Economist to all our batchmates.

Japanese save a lot. They do not spend much. Also, Japan exports far more than
it imports. Has an annual trade surplus of over 100 billion. Yet Japanese
economy is considered weak, even collapsing.

Americans spend, save little. Also US imports more than it exports. Has an
annual trade deficit of over $400 billion. Yet, the American economy is
considered strong and trusted to get stronger.

But where from do Americans get money to spend? They borrow from Japan , China
and even India . Virtually others save for the US to spend. Global savings are
mostly invested in US, in dollars.

India itself keeps its foreign currency assets of over $50 billion in US
securities. China has sunk over $160 billion in US securities.




Japan 's stakes in US securities is in trillions.

Result:

The US has taken over $5 trillion from the world. So, as the world saves for the
US - It’s The Americans who spend freely. Today, to keep the US consumption
going, that is for the US economy to work, other countries have to remit $180
billion every quarter, which is $2 billion a day, to the US !

A Chinese economist asked a neat question. Who has invested more, US in China ,
or China in US? The US has invested in China less than half of what China has
invested in US.

The same is the case with India . We have invested in US over $50 billion. But
the US has invested less than $20 billion in India .

Why the world is after US?

The secret lies in the American spending, that they hardly save. In fact they
use their credit cards to spend their future income. That the US spends  is what
makes it attractive to export to the US . So US imports more than what it
exports year after year.

The result:

The world is dependent on US consumption for its growth. By its deepening
culture of consumption, the US has habituated the world to feed on US
consumption. But as the US needs money to finance its consumption, the world
provides the money.

It's like a shopkeeper providing the money to a customer so that the customer
keeps buying from the shop. If the customer will not buy, the shop won't have
business, unless the shopkeeper funds him. The US is like the lucky customer.
And the world is like the helpless shopkeeper financier.

Who is America 's biggest shopkeeper financier? Japan of course. Yet it's Japan
which is regarded as weak. Modern economists complain that Japanese do not
spend, so they do not grow. To force the Japanese to spend, the Japanese
government exerted itself, reduced the savings rates, even charged the savers.
Even then the Japanese did not spend (habits don't change, even with taxes, do
they?). Their traditional postal savings alone is over $1.2 trillion, about
three times the Indian GDP. Thus, savings, far from being the strength of Japan
, has become its pain.

Hence, what is the lesson?

That is, a nation cannot grow unless the people spend, not save. Not just spend,
but borrow and spend. Dr. Jagdish Bhagwati, the famous Indian-born economist in
the US , told Manmohan Singh that Indians wastefully save. Ask them to spend, on
imported cars and, seriously, even on cosmetics! This will put India on a growth
curve. This is one of the reason for MNC's coming down to India , seeing the
consumer spending.

'Saving is sin, and spending is virtue.

But before you follow this Neo Economics, get some fools to  save so that you
can borrow from them and spend !!!

Now—

We all know that inflation is caused by money supply growing faster than the
rate of economic growth.

The task of keeping the rate of inflation low and stable is usually given to the
central banks that control the size of the money supply through the setting of
interest rates, through open market operations, and through the setting of
banking reserve requirements.

Now—

HOW DOES THE CORRUPT US FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM WORK?

This is real—and NOT an imaginary story like the traveller in Alabama.

How does the US monetary system work ?

This is bound to shock you out of your skin.




Pass on this expose—for unless you understand , you cannot be free.


Taking on nearly religious proportions, the established monetary institution
exists as one of the most unquestioned forms of faith there is. How money is
created, the policies by which it is governed and how it truly affects society
are unregistered interests of the great majority of the population. In a world
where 1% of the population owns 40% of the planet’s wealth…in a world where
34,000 children die every single day from poverty and preventable diseases, and
where 50% of the world’s population lives on less than 2 dollars a day… one
thing is clear:

Something is terribly wrong.

And whether we are aware of it or not, the lifeblood of all of our established
institutions and thus society itself, is money. Therefore understanding this
institution of monetary policy is critical to understanding why our lives are
the way they are.

Unfortunately, economics is often viewed with confusion and boredom. Endless
streams of financial jargon coupled with intimidating mathematics quickly deter
people from attempts at understanding it. However, the fact is, the complexity
associated with the financial system is a mere mask, designed to conceal one of
the most socially paralyzing structures humanity has ever endured.

 "None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are
free."-Johann Wolfgang von Goethe The United States Government decides it needs
some money, so it calls up the Federal Reserve, and requests, say, 10 billion
dollars”. The fed replies, saying ” sure… we’ll buy 10 billion in government
bonds from you.”



So, the government then takes some piece of paper, paints some official looking
designs on them, and calls them ‘Treasury Bonds’. Then, it puts a value on these
Bonds to the sum of 10 billion dollars, and sends them over to the Fed. In turn,
the people at the Fed draw up a bunch of impressive pieces of paper themselves,
only this time calling them ‘Federal Reserve Notes’…also designating a value of
10 billion dollars to the set.



The Fed then takes these notes and trades them for the Bonds. Once this exchange
is complete, the government then takes the 10 billion in Federal Reserve Notes
and deposits it into a bank account…and upon this deposit, the paper notes
officially become ‘legal tender’ money, adding 10 billion to the US money
supply. And there it is… 10 billion in new money has been created.



Of course, this example is a generalization, for, in reality, this transaction
would occur electronically, with no paper used at all. In fact only 3% of the US
money supply exists in physical currency. The other 97% essentially exists in
computers alone.



Now, Government bonds are, by design, instruments of Debt and when the Fed
purchases these bonds, with money it created essentially out of thin air, the
government is actually promising to pay back that money to the Fed. In other
words… The money was created out of debt. This mind numbing paradox of how
money, or value, can be created out of debt, or a liability, will become more
clear as we further this exercise. So, the exchange has been made and now 10
billion dollars sits in a commercial bank account. Here is where it gets really
interesting, for as based on the Fractional Reserve practice, that 10 billion
dollar deposit instantly becomes part of the bank’s Reserves, just as all
deposits do. And regarding reserve requirements, as stated in Modern money
mechanics:

A bank must maintain legally required reserves, equal to a prescribed percentage
of its deposits. It then quantifies this by stating: under current regulations,
the reserve requirement against most transaction accounts is 10%.”

This means that with a ten billion dollar deposit, 10% or 1 billion is held as
the required reserve, while the other 9 billion is considered an excessive
reserve and can be used as the basis for new loans.

Now, it is logical to assume that this 9 billion is literally coming out of the
existing 10 billion dollars deposit. However, this is actually not the case.
What really happens is that the 9 billion is simply created out of thin air, on
top of the existing 10 billion dollar deposit. This is how the money supply is
expanded.

The banks do not really pay out loans from the money they receive as deposits.
If they did this, no additional money would be created. What they do when they
make loans is to accept promissory notes (loan contracts) in exchange for
credits (money) to the borrower’s transaction accounts.”


In other words, the 9 billion can be created out of nothing, simply because
there is a demand for such a loan, and there is a 10 billion dollars deposit to
satisfy the reserve requirements.

Now, let’s assume that somebody walks into this bank and borrows the available 9
billion dollars. They will then most likely take that money and deposit it into
their own bank account.
                   
The process then repeats, for that deposit becomes part of the banks reserves,
10% is isolated and in turn 90% of the 9 billion or 8.1 billion is now available
as newly created money for more loans. And, of course, that 8.1 can be loaned
out and redeposited creating an additional 7.2 billion…to 6.5 billion.. to 5.9
billion etc.

This deposit-money creation-loan cycle can technically go on to infinity… the
average mathematical result is that about 90 billion dollars can be created on
top of the original 10 billion. In other words, for every deposit that ever
occurs in the banking system, about 9 times that amount can be created out of
thin air.

So that we understand how money is created by this fractional reserve banking
system ,a logical, yet elusive question might come to mind:

What is actually giving this newly created money value?

The answer: The money that already exists.

The new money essentially steals value from the existing money supply… for the
total pool of money is being increased, irrespective to demand for goods and
services, and, as supply and demand finds equilibrium- prices rise, diminishing
the purchasing power of each individual dollar.  This is generally referred to
as ‘inflation’ and inflation is essentially a hidden tax on the public. ( I
thing we have given Manmohan Singh and Montek Singh Ahluwalia enough time to
figure out all this !) What is the advice that you generally get, and that is
inflate the currency. They don`t say debase the currency, they don`t say devalue
the currency, they don`t say cheat the people with savings, they say lower the
interest rates.


             
The real deception is when we distort the value of money, when we create money
out of thin air, we have no savings yet there`s so called capitol…so the
question boils down to this-how in the world can we expect to solve the problems
of inflation–that is the increase in the supply of money– with more inflation? ”
Of course, it can’t. The Fractional Reserve System of monetary expansion is
inherently.

inflationary. For the act of expanding the money supply without there being a
proportional expand of good and services in the economy, will always debase a
currency..

In fact a quick glance at the historical values of the US dollars Vs the money
supply,reflects this point definitively, for the inverse relationship is
obvious.

In fact, One dollar in 1913 required 21.60 cents in 2007, to match value…that is
a 96% devaluation since the Federal reserve has come into existence.


                               
Now, if this realty of inherent and perpetual inflation seems absurd and
economically self- defeating… hold that thought, for absurdity is an
understatement in regard to how our financial system really operates.

For in US financial system money is debt and debt is money.


-- the more money there is, the more debt there is… the more debt there is, the
-- more money there is.




              
To put it a different way, every single dollar in your wallet is owed to
somebody by somebody; for remember, the only way the money can come into
existence is from loans. Therefore, if everyone in the country were able to pay
off all debts, including the government, there would not be one dollar in
circulation. (If there were no debts in US money system, there wouldn`t be any
money”

The international bankers installed a central bank in 1913…The Federal Reserve.
And as long as this institution exists, perpetual debt is guaranteed. Now, so
far we have discussed the reality that money is created out of debt, through
loans.


       
These loans are based on a bank’s “Reserves” and Reserves are derived from
deposits. Through this fractional reserve system, any one deposit can create 9
times its original value, in turn debasing the existing money supply, raising
prices in society.


                     
And since all this money is created out of debt and circulated randomly through
commerce, people become detached from their original debt and a disequilibrium
exists where people are forced to compete for labor, in order to pull enough
money out of the money supply to cover their costs of living.

As dysfunctional and backwards as all of this might seem… there is still one
thing we have omitted from this equation… and it is this element of the
structure which reveals the truly fraudulent nature of the system itself.

-The application of Interest.

When the government borrows money from the Fed or when person borrows money from
a bank, it almost always has to be paid back with accrued interest. In other
words, almost every single dollar that exists must be eventually returned to a
bank, with interest paid as well.



        
But, if all money is borrowed from the central bank and is expanded by the
commercial banks through loans, only what would be referred to as the
‘principle’ is being created in the money supply…. So then, where is the money
to cover all of the interest that is charged?

Nowhere. It doesn’t exist. The ramifications of this are staggering, for the
amount of money owed back to the banks will always exceed the amount of money
that is available in circulation. This is why Inflation is a constant in the
economy, for new money is always needed to help cover the perpetual deficit
built into the system, caused by the the need to pay the interest.

What this also means is that mathematically, defaults and bankruptcy are
literally built into the system. And there will always be poor pockets of
society that get the short end of the stick. An analogy would be a game of
musical chairs, for once the music stops someone is left out to dry.

And that’s the point. It invariably transfers true wealth from the individual to
the banks, for if you are unable to pay for your mortgage, they will take your
property.

            
This is particularly enraging when you realize that not only is such a default
inevitable due to the fractional reserve practice, but also because of the fact
that the money that the bank loaned to you didn’t even legally exist in the
first place.


              
In the 1969, there was a Minnesota court case involving a man named Jerome Daly,
who was challenging the foreclosure of his home by the bank, which provided the
loan to purchase it. His argument was that the mortgage contract required both
parties, being he and the bank, each put up a legitimate form of property for
the exchange. In legal language, this is called “consideration”.



                
(Consideration: -a contract`s basis. A contract is founded on an exchange of one
form of consideration for another.) Mr. Daly explained that the money was, in
fact, not the property of the bank, for it was created out of nothing as soon as
the loan agreement was signed.

               
Remember what modern money mechanics stated about loans: “what they do when they
make loans is to accept promissory notes in exchange for credits…Reserves are
unchanged by the loan transactions. But deposit credits constitute new additions
to the total deposits of the banking system.” In other words, the money doesn’t
come out of any of their existing assets. The bank is simply inventing it,
putting up nothing of its own except for a theoretical liability on paper.



As the court case progressed, the banks president, Mr. Morgan, took the stand,
and in the judge’s personal memorandum, he recalled that “The Plaintiff (bank’s
president) admitted that it, in combination with the Federal Reserve Bank…did
create the…money and credit upon its books by bookkeeping entry…the money and
credit first came into existence when they created it…Mr. Morgan admitted that
no United States law or statute existed which gave him the right to do this…a
lawful consideration must exist and be tendered to support the note.” “The jury
found that there was no lawful consideration and I agree” He also poetically
added, ” Only God can create something of value out of nothing”


And upon that revelation, the court rejected the bank’s claim for foreclosure
and Daly kept his home. The implications of this court decision are immense, for
every time you borrow money from a bank, whether it is a mortgage loan or a
credit card charge, the money given to you is not only counterfeit, it is an
illegitimate form of consideration and hence voids the contract to repay… for
the bank never had the money as property to begin with. Unfortunately, such
legal realizations are suppressed and ignored, and the game of perpetual wealth
transfer and perpetual debt continues….

And this brings us to the ultimate question: why?

During the American civil war president Lincoln bypassed the high-interest loans
offered by the European banks and decided to do what the founding fathers
advocated, which was to create an independent and inherently debt-free currency.
It was called the Greenback. Shortly after this measure was taken, an internal
document circulated between private British and American banking interests
stated:


                           
“…slavery is but the owning of labor and carries with it the care of laborers,
“…while the European plan…is that capital shall control labor by controlling
“…wages.
              
This can be done by controlling the money. It will not do to allow the
greenback, as we cannot control that.”-The Hazard Circular, July, 1862


The fractional reserve policy perpetrated by the Federal Reserve, which has
spread in practice to the great majority of banks in the world is, in fact, a
system of modern slavery. Think about it…

   
Money is created out of debt. And what do people do when in debt? They submit to
employment to pay it off.

   
But, if money can only be created out of loans, how can society ever be debt
free? It can’t. And that’s the point.
                     
And it is the fear of losing assets, coupled with the struggle to keep up with
the perpetual debt and inflation inherent in the system, compounded by the
inescapable scarcity within the money supply itself created by the interest that
can never be repaid… that keeps the wage slave in line… running on the hamster
wheel with the millions of others… in effect powering an Empire that truly
benefits only the elite at the top of the pyramid…



     
---for at the end of day, who are you really working for? The banks. Money is
created in a bank and invariably ends up in a bank. They are the true masters
along with corporations and governments they support. Physical slavery requires
people to be housed and fed. Economic slavery requires the people to feed and
house themselves.


It is one of the most ingenious scams for social manipulation ever created, and
at its core, it is an invisible war against the population. Debt is the weapon
used to conquer and enslave societies and Interest is its prime ammunition.


And as the majority walks around oblivious to this reality, the banks, in
collusion with governments and corporations, continue to perfect and expand
their tactics of economic warfare…spawning new bases… such as the World Bank and
International Monetary Fund… while also inventing a new type of soldier… the
birth of the economic hit man.


 ( There are two ways to conquer and enslave a nation. One is by the sword. The
 ( other is by debt.-John Adams-1735-1826).


How does the IMF and the World Bank work: they put a country in debt, in such a
big debt it can`t pay it, and then you offer to refinance that debt, and pay
even more interest, and you demand this quid pro quo which you call a
“conditionality” or “good governance”






--- which means basically that they`ve got to sell off their resources,
--- including many of their social services; their utility companies; their
--- school systems sometimes; their penal systems; their insurance systems, to
--- foreign corporations. So its a double, triple, quadruple whammy.
    
This isn`t a conspiracy theory type of thing, these people don`t have to get
together and plot to do things, they all basically work under one primary
assumption, and that is that they must maximize profits, regardless of the
social and environmental cost



(Maximize profits, regardless of the social and environmental cost)



This process of manipulation by the corporatacracy through the use of debt,
bribery and, political overthrow is called “Globalization”. Just as the federal
reserve keeps the American public in a position of indentured servitude through
Perpetual Debt, Inflation and Interest, the World Bank and IMF serve this role
on a global scale.


The basic scam is simple. Put a country in debt either by its own indiscretion
or through corrupting the leader of that country, then , impose
conditionalities, or Structural Adjustment Policies…often consisting of currency
devaluation, privatization of state-owned enterprises trade liberalization.. or
the opening up of the economy through removing any restrictions on foreign
trade.


This allows for a number of abusive economic manifestations… such as
transnational corporations bringing in their own mass produced products,
undercutting the indigenous production and ruining local economies… Today,
countless farmers are out of work, for they are unable to compete with the large
corporations.

Another variation is the creation of numerous, seemingly unnoticed, unregulated,
inhumane sweatshop factories, which take advantage of the imposed economic
hardship.




Additionally, due to production deregulation, environmental destruction is
perpetual, as a country’s resources are often exploited by the indifferent
corporations, while outputting large amounts of deliberate pollution.




Of the world’s top 100 economies, as based on the annual GDP, 51 are
corporations,

And 47 of that 51 are US based. Wal-mart, General Motors and Exxon are more
economically powerful than Saudi Arabia, Poland, Norway, South Africa, Finland,
Indonesia and many others….


You get up on your TV  screen, and howl democracy…there is no democracy…there is
only IBM and ITT…and AT&T…and Dupont, Dow, Union Carbine, Enron…and Exxon. Those
are the nations of the world today.




The world is being taken over by a handful of business powers, who dominate the
natural resources we need to live, while controlling the money that we need to
obtain these resources.

  
The end result will be world monopoly, based not human life, but financial and
corporate power.


And as the inequality continues, naturally more and more people are becoming
desperate…. so the establishment was forced to come up with a new way to deal
with anyone who challenges the system…so they gave birth to the terrorist..



The term terrorist ( or a Naxalite in India ) is an empty distinction, designed
for any person or group who chooses to challenge the Establishment.



“GREED AND COMPETITION ARE NOT THE RESULT OF IMMUTABLE HUMAN TEMPERMENT…GREED
AND FEAR OF SCARCITY ARE IN FACT BEING CREATED AND AMPLIFIED …THE DIRECT
CONSEQUENCE IS THAT WE HAVE TO FIGHT WITH EACH OTHER IN ORDER TO SURVIVE”.
-Bernard Lietaer, Founder of the EU Currency System

The cold war and the collapse of the Soviet Union was, in reality, a way to
preserve & perpetuate the established economic and global hegemony of the United
States…similarly religions condition people to feel guilty for natural
inclinations, each claiming to offer the only path to forgiveness and salvation.



At the heart of this institutional self-preservation lies the monetary system,
for it is money that provides the means for power and survival.

Therefore, just as a poor person might be forced to steal in order to survive,
it is a natural inclination to do whatever is needed to continue an
institution’s profitability.





This makes it inherently difficult for profit-based institutions to change, for
it puts in jeopardy not only the survival of large groups of people, but also
the coveted, materialistic lifestyles associated with affluence, and power.



Therefore, the paralyzing necessity to preserve an institution, regardless of
its social relevance, is largely rooted in the need for money, or profit.

‘What’s in it for me’, is the way people think. And so if a man makes money
‘selling a certain product, naturally he is going to fight the existence of
‘another product that may threaten his institution. Therefore people cannot be
‘fair and people do not trust each other.


A guy will come over to you and say, “I’ve got just the house you’re looking
for”. He’s a salesman.


When a doctor says ‘I think your kidney has to come out’, I don’t know if he’s
trying to pay off a yacht, or that my kidney has to come out- it’s hard in
monetary system to trust people.

If a company dumps toxic waste into the ocean to save money, most people
recognize this as corrupt behavior. On a more subtle level, when WalMart moves
into a small town and forces small businesses to shut down, for they are unable
to complete, a gray area emerges….

For what exactly is Walmart doing wrong?



Why should they care about mom and pop organizations they destroy.



   
Yet, even more subtly, when a person gets fired from their job, because a new
machine has been created which can do the work for less money, people tend to
just accept that as ” the way it is” -- not seeing the inherent, corrupt
inhumanity of such an action.


Everybody had been wondering why the current generation of Rothschild has
stopped all their covert games. Oh no! They upstaged all their ancestors with
the HOAX of the millennium. GLOBAL WARMING DUE TO GREEN HOUSE GASES . This would
make poor countries rich in natural energy like coal and hydrocarbons buy
biodiesel and alternate from Rothschild's companies in European countries who
have NOTHING in their country— just unfertile , no mineral , no energy
wasteland.


 “WE CAN EITHER HAVE DEMOCRACY IN THIS COUNTRY OR WE CAN HAVE GREAT WEALTH
CONCENTRATED IN THE HANDS OF A FEW, BUT WE CAN’T HAVE BOTH” – Louis Brandeis,
supreme court justice
********************************************************************************
ALOE VERA , SOCOTRA , VIKRAMADITYA , PETRA AND BLACK STONES- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
KATTAR VAZHA THE SUPER ANTIOXIDANT

In 4000 BC , when Lakshman was wounded in the fight with Ravana’s son Indrajeet,
Rama went to depression and there was a fear that he would stop fighting.

Hanuman was given the task of going back to India from Lanka and getting the
super anti-oxidant herb Kattarvazha from a hill in Kerala.

Now Kattar Vazha has more than 200 strains. Out of which,  the strain known is
Ayurveda as Sanjeevani Buti was best for quick healing of deep wounds .



Now Hanuman was NOT a very erudite person , and had a general idea what the
plant looked like — but to be very sure he picked up every plant looking like
Sanjeevani without uprooting it from the soil, and rushed back to lanka, and
thus Lakshman was saved.



The west call this magic plant Aloe vera. Again, the most potent ones were found
in Kerala as a tropical climate and plenty rainfall is required , along with
special soil.



In the Vedic times , Aloe vera was planted in Socotra by the early traders from
Kerala . For Vedic yagnas it was important to have incense.





And Socotra incense gave a very good long lasting scent, even sought after by
the Egyptian Pharoes . Myrrh and Frankincense found in Socotra , was in great
demand in old Palestine.


Today if you go to Socotra it is a Botanists delight. All ancient Vedic magical
plants are still there.


   

     


   
Galapagos and Patagonia are the poor botanists Socotra. Like Nani is the poor
man’s Ronaldo. ( soccer is the opium of the masses ! )

   
Alexander the great was about to die of his wounds when King Porus was begged by
Roxanna to treat him with Sanjeeveni. Porus treated him with Kattar Vazha.



   
Porus told Alexander about the Aloe Vera crop in Sukhadhara Dweep (Socotra) ,
planted by ancient caravan route supply sailors ( Aden / Calicut ) .


   
Aloe Vera is ANTI fungal/ bacterial/ viral/ inflammatory and can be used
internally and externally.

    
Aloe Vera gel applied externally with Turmeric is used to cure acne, sunburns,
thermal and radiation burns, boils, dandruff, gum sores, dermatitis, edemas,
hemorrhoids, inflammation in the eyes, insect bites and stings, psoriasis, skin
rashes and irritations, ulcers, varicose veins, warts, wounds and wrinkles. When
you apply freshly squeezed aloe vera gel on the affected area of the skin, it
creates a protective coating which speeds up the healing process, decreases
swelling and redness, reduces inflammation, relieves pain, promotes synthesis of
collagen in tissue and prevents blisters in case of burns.

   
Taken internally, it reduces inflammation which is involved in such diseases as
ulcerative colitis, arthritis, and gastritis, helps with the reduction of blood
sugar with both type I and II diabetes and has a powerful healing effect on
AIDS, cancer, tumors and many different immune system disorders.
Mucopolysaccharides found in aloe vera are very effective intracellular
antioxidants which is very important in preventing and treating
arteriosclerosis, heart disorders and Parkinson’s disease. Sukham means bliss ,
and Dweep means island in Malayalam.  Incense is used  for Aggarbati sticks -
without which NO Hindu Indian will worship is his puja room.


A Greek ship went to Socotra to collect this herb on Alexander’s way back from
India.  This was one of the reasons why Porus gave him help in building ships.

Now Aleo Vera was introduced to the west NOT by Alexander, but by Aryan king
Emperor Vikramaditya in 7000 BC, whose symbol was the Swastika . From 7000 BC to
almost 1500 BC, the entire lands west of India till Palestine was ruled from
India .


     
Emperor Vikramadiya ruled the entire lands from India   in south to Palestine in
the west to Russian Ural mountains till Cheliabinsk Arkaim in the North –and
then along  North of Tibet Himalayas to Vietnam in the East.

  
Jesus Christ's disciple St Thomas's ship was wrecked at Socotra. He was relayed
to Calicut ( my hometown ) from Socotra by Arab incense traders from Aden .

Vikramaditya did NOT rule by violence like Genghis Khan or Ottoman. He was a
wise a just ruler and everybody wanted him, as he was a law maker .  This is the
reason why all the languages within this perimeter has Sanskrit derivations.

Vikramaditya operated from Ujjain on the banks of the Kshpira river, where every
12 years the Hindus have the Kumbh Mela. In 7000 BC this river called Shipra by
the British , was a mighty perennial river.



    
Digression: The British loved to give their own names, didn’t they . Our
kitchidi became kedgeree and my hometown Kozhikode became Calicut .  “ZHA”  is
an alphabet  found in Malayalam , not even in Sanskrit. Mazha means rain,

It was Vikramaditya who spread the significance of the magical meteorite black
stones in Jerusalem, Petra and Mecca.

Swastika symbols have been found in far flung areas of this planet-- King
Vikramaditya's hawks and homing pigeons ( fax machines of that age ) use to have
a golden swastika royal seal strapped around their legs.

Shiva lingam black stone represents Lord Shiva's PINEAL GLAND, and not his penis
, as per malicious Vatican propaganda, to belittle the ancient Hindu religion.
See how stupid these Indians are --they worship pricks and vaginas.









    
Below: The stone in Petra Jordan has been destroyed . The civilisation dies
after that.



Below: The small black stone Alhajar Al-Aswad at Kaaba Mecca ( an oasis and a
compulsory stop on the caravan route to Jerusalem ) was also destroyed , but
pieced back with silver bands and installed again . Re-installed at the SE
corner of Kaaba


    
Below: The  tall black stone in Jerusalem inside the temple Dome of the rock is
well protected.

    

  

   
The above is a Black stone in a Vietnam temple.


The below is the Shiva Linga at Meenakshi temple Madurai, India.






Vatican has buried more than 8000 of Modern Nostradamus Edgar Cayce’s readings.
All missing readings deal with Indian Vedas. But the readings in which he said
that Jesus Christ was in India for 3 years, learning Vedanta is still available.
It was by specific request that out of 12 Jesus’s disciples , one Saint Thomas
came to Kerala ( my home state ) and the other Saint Peter went to Vatican,
where there was a powerful Shiva Linga temple . The rest 10 disciples did NOT
venture out of Palestine. The missing readings also deal with what Cayce said
about Vedanta oncepts like Chakras, Kundalini, Indian horoscopes, Astrology,
Holistic Ayurveda, Akashik records, Mantras etc, which alarmed the Pope.





The picture above is a Shiva Linga kept in the vaults of Vatican St Peters
Cathedral. It was reputed to be at the original site of the Cathedral. This
powerful stone is kept hidden, unlike in Mecca , where it is revered and is
cynosure of all eyes.

Below: Vatican in a Shiva Lingam inset










The above black Shiva lingam was broken , at the Shiva Hindu temple , which
later became the temple of Aphrodite at Paphos Cyprus at around 500 BC.


The white man has gone around doing propaganda that the Siva Linga is a phallus
or penis, erected inside a Yoni or vagina . This cylindrical stone is just a
representation of God. The cylindrical shape gives out the Prana or Orgone or
Scalar field-- period!





The above is a temple in Cambodia showing scenes of 4000 BC Ramayana. ( Vedic
Rama and Sugriva )

These black stones resonate 12 strand DNA and large pineal glands, which gives
psychic powers and allows you to become a medium or channel . You can read the
Aakashik records .


   
This is the meaning of raised Kundalini from the base chakra and getting
enlightened and getting large golden auras. You will notice that Hinduism, Islam
and Christianity has connections to such black stones.


    
Nowadays with 96% junk DNA in our bodies and shriveled pineal glands , we are
unable to raise our Kundalini.  This is the reason why a black Onyx stone hung
over your solar plexus chakra is good for you.


IT IS 11000 YEAR OLD VEDIC TRADITION TO BUILD A TEMPLE OVER A SHIVA LINGAM (
METERORIC BLACK STONE )


   
Kalidasa was NOT a poet in Vikramaditya’s court ( nine jewels , sic! ) as per
false propaganda of British East India employee and German born Max Meuller .
Kalidasa did NOT exist.


    
He was given the credit of the classic Shakuntala in Sanskrit, in which
Shakuntala’s son was named Bharat. India was named Bharat..

   

    
People may want to know what is Petra.  Well ,was Petra was a lost civilization
in Jordan. It was on the caravan route from Aden to Jerusalem—from where
Cinnamon , Myrrh and Aleo vela went all the way to Jerusalem .


During the reign of King Vikramaditya in 7000 BC, the people of Kerala called
Thirayyar ( sea warriors ) did trade with the Island of Crete.


The patron saint of the Kerala Thirayyars  is  Rishi Therayar , the first
disciple of Maharishi Agastya . Agastya , the greatest of the Sapt Rishis, also
famous as the first of the Siddhas , who also founded the Kalari Payattu art of
fighting.

There was a great tectonic shift and volcanic activity in 5000 BC ,  and then
trade was abandoned. Some settled down in Judea as it was a transit hub. Today
these people are called Thiyyas in Kerala, with a matrilineal society which rest
of India did NOT have..


    
Vedic gods and goddesses and the Shiva Lingam were worshipped here. Later all of
these were destroyed by other religions.

   
Petra was unknown to the west till a Swiss explorer Johann Ludvig Burckhardt
entered this lost city in 1812. Very soon you will find the white man claiming
Petra for themselves, like how they claimed ownership over Indian Aryan
civilization.

   
Vikramaditya was the greatest Aryan ruler. Hitler stole his emblem and said
Germans are the real Aryans. The Vedic civilization existed on the banks of the
river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC , till the river dried up due to a
tectonic shift blocking the glacial mouth at the Himalayas.


  
The Aryan exodus was OUTWARDS never INWARDS, as per white man’s propaganda ( DNA
analysis does not lie ). The circular grand stonehenge in Arkaim Russia is a
Vedic learning centre.


The Swastika was found at Arkaim Stonehenge, at Cheliabinsk. Swastika is
inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm.






   
Putin had gone there to check out the Swastika symbol on the pottery and the
Vedic Mandala.

When the pyramids were built 5000 years ago, NOBODY on this planet including the
Egyptians has the technology to find the exact North East South West cardinal
positions of Vaastu.

Nobody on the planet had an idea what is sun's declination or Kepler’s
precession via astronomy . The geographic and the magnetic poles are NOT the
same. The North pole is 1600 miles away and the south pole is 2570 kilometers
away.

Robusta coffee which grew wild on Western Ghats of Kerala was used as a
stimulant in Ayurveda ( 4000 BC ), to cure migraines, by constricting blood
vessels in the brain. The Ayurdedic physicians used their olfactory senses,
while preparing medicines-and coffee beans was used to reset the sense of smell.
It was in great demand by the Egyptian Pharoah to prevent asthma attacks after a
sand storm. . The sailors from Kerala introduced this Robusta coffee plant ,
with very high caffeine 3% content along the caravan route from Calicut ,
Socotra, Aden, Mecca. .

The Dutch East India Company started growing this plant (for business in Europe)
to other parts of the world like Vietnam and Indonesia.


The ancient Kerala sailors sailed to Socotra and Aquaba and Basra using a
compass of magnetised fish blade floating on light oil floating on water. This
is symbolised by Arjun shooting into the eye of the fish in a rotating overhead
bowl to win Draupadi in 4000 BC.




Below are some Hindu Shiva  temples in the far east all built in Vikramaditya's
time. If you visit Cham museum in Danang Vietnam some Shiva statues are kept.
Most were destroyed by the Chinese invaders. Even as late as 1985 a Shiva lingam
( back stone ) was unearthed from under a temple at Vietnam.





















Pictures above: The massive Vatican propaganga machine has put this Cambodian
Vishnu temple, at Angor Wat , at 1200 AD, while modern isotope and carbon dating
had proved that this tree is more than 5000 years old. The statue bas -relief
shows , the devas and asuras churning Amrit from the sea, as per Hindu folklore.

To the sceptic who wonders whether I have replaced one set of max Mueller lies
with another bigger one—pl note.  When Hindus are born their horoscopes are
made. Every Indian Hindu does it. Mine was engraved on a palm leaf. My sons’
horoscopes are in a notebook. The horoscope gives the navagrahas and rashis. For
Sri Rama of Ramayana who fought with Ravana in 4300 BC, his horoscope gives
position of different planets vis-a-vis zodiac constellations and nakshatras
(visible stars) were: i) Sun in Aries; ii) Saturn in Libra; iii) Jupiter in
Cancer; iv) Venus in Pisces; v) Mars in Capricorn; vi) Lunar month of Chaitra;
vii) Ninth day after no moon; viii) Lagna as Cancer (cancer was rising in the
east); ix) Moon on the Punarvasu (Gemini constellation & Pllux star). Max
Mueller had no such information, nor will he ever understand all this.



Albert Einstein, American scientist: “We owe a lot to the Indians, who taught us
how to count, without which no worthwhile scientific discovery could have been
made.”

William James, American Author: “From the Vedas we learn a practical art of
surgery, medicine, music, house building under which mechanized art is included.
They are encyclopedia of every aspect of life, culture, religion, science,
ethics, law, cosmology and meteorology.”
 



Below:  6000 year old Lord Rama and Hanuman carvings in Silemania,  Iraq.





Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older.
Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for
Guru Brihaspati. . Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The
astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to
represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi
Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is
lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus
is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma /
Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia
and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan
war where Helen was stolen. Several people came to India to get a cure for
epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights.

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician.

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his
debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract.

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang
thing-- - but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1
mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before
Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was
Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains
died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded
secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the
same thing via advanced Calculus.

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever
understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha
mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years
before Pythagoras was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search- ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .
And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s
No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other
than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks
Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and
Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material
world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the
earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below.

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he
was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick
Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the
Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western
world.

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander
the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the
foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge
.

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and
Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING
of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the
dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old
Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose
entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example : In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas),
Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm). Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more
most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta
Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda. So his
fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic
(phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most
important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of
water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic
system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is
explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted
from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle,
which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is
called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath
on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was
absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods-
and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was
his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff.

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from
faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body
and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR
TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy
man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris (
Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt
) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) .

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is
the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman
hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music
and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known
for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which
he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna )
crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it
was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild
animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over
curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are
sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets
and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on
the musical scale. The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the
philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins
in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the
west.

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics (
magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the
MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was
killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went
down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto
allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he
did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus,
however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and
Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever.

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing
Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of
Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek
equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the
soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death. Almost every Greek text tells
that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play
Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking
Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda
and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search- MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER
VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the
5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in
their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about
India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation
known to me.”
  
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells
about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing
elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool
growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use
in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the
Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just
for kicks.

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger . Such
jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb
detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left
overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan (
Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a
living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian
laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was
ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only
Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like
him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. (
AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so
there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the
parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John
Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of
Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of
devotees.

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of
rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas),
however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara,
‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’).

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit,
bhakti, ‘devotion’). And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate
cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I
am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be
reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he
knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter
form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's
Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter (
heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the
metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document
for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when
in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin
Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above
his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a
furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological
plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and
procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and
resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary
journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He
writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its
origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew.

 Bartholomewisoneofthe12disciplesofJesusandismentionedinthreeSynopticgospels:Mat
 thew,[10:1–4]Mark,[3:13–19]andLuke,[6:12–16]andalsoappearsasoneofthewitnessesof
 theAscension[Acts1:4,12,13];however,eachtimeheisnamedinthecompanyofPhilip.Heisn
 otmentionedinGospelofJohn.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-
navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.
Kosmas was the author of a stolen world- geography and a book on stolen Kerala
astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is
certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of
consciousness, and there also sight is created from understanding.  For there
understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from
visible light.”

Consciousness ?

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history—


The word 'Vatican' itself is derived from the Sanskrit word Vatika, which means
Vedic  religious centers, such as Yagna-Vatika.   Vatican St Peter’s cathedral
was built on top of a Shiva temple.

The world  "Christianity" came from the Sanskrit words "Krishna-neeti", (the way
of Krishna).
********************************************************************************
SANSKRIT THE DIVINE LANGUAGE FROM DNA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Listen to the audio on good computer speakers or with head phones.


This language is Sanskrit and is 11000 years old .


This was the language Aryan Indian Emperor Vikramadiya used when he ruled from
Jerusalem to Urals to Cambodia in 7000 BC.


--pretty much the same way British Queen Victoria ruled all the Commonwealth
--countries and even the waves . The only difference is this man GAVE  he did
--not TAKE  or steal or vandalise or subvert or convert or ram down into
--unwilling throats


Sanskrit is the mother of a lot of languages in the world.


This man was loved by all -- as he was a spreader of culture, medicine ,
astronomy, prayer, language and laws.  He is the man who endorsed the power of
the black meteorite stones at Mecca , Petra, Jerusalem, and far east temples
till Cambodia.  The below picture is a temple in Cambodia with Ramayana gods.





The Petra black stone was stolen-- and then this civilization died -- as the
sole reason of people staying there was just this powerful resonant stone. The
same way the most important part of Kaaba is the black meteorite stone at the SE
corner. These stones are surprisingly heavy for their size.






Vikramaditya's gold dish was found at Mecca--the British Encyclopedia talks
about the inscriptions. (The text of the Vikramaditya inscription, found
inscribed on the gold  dish at Mecca, is recorded on page 315 of a volume known
as  Sayar-ul-Okul treasured in the Makhtab-e-Sultania library in Istanbul,
Turkey.)


Hitler stole his Swastika Aryan Emblem.


A divine language has its base in the DNA blue print. We don't understand all
this as 96% of our DNA is junk in the 21st Century.


High Literature Malayalam is more or less Sanskrit. Malayalam was given to
Kerala by warrior saint Parashurama in 4000 BC. The script in the video clip is
Malayalam.  King Solomon's ( hero of the Jews and son of David  ) seal , photos
given in Madame Blavatsky's book is in this script.


We belong to the age where protein scientists of NASA talk about finding arsenic
in DNA of bacteria in dead Mono lake of California.--  they would have found out
a lot more if they had checked out the DNA of poor Vietnamese affected by deadly
Agent Orange.


Getting back-- the video shows the movie trailer of King Pazhassi Raja, and the
Sanskrit chant audio is the background score -- this king was from my home state
. He was loved by all and a hero. He was a great Kalari warrior.


Bodhi Dharma was a Kalari warrior who introduced Tea, Meditation and Kung Fu to
the far east.


Our king was ambushed and fell to the British bullet in the 1805 -- he was
termed by the British the "Lion of Kerala ".


Now read my blog posted on Jan 14th 2011, POWER OF MANTRAS ON HUMAN
CONSCIOUSNESS.


Listen to this simple Sanskrit chant and feel your DNA resonate, and face flush
-- even without understanding it. It will also prove to you that the
longitudinal sound wave is everything!  A mantra is the trigger to quantum
tunneling. DNA is a superconductor that stores light at body temperature, and
can create magnetic wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and axional membranes are
also hollow cylinders.


This video gives the last few days of this King.  He was let down by his own --
paid British spies. The British were masters in "divide and rule".
********************************************************************************
THE NAIVE SAILOR , TURNBUCKLES AND BOTTLE SCREWS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



I plan to start a NAIVE SAILOR SERIES.




( if you read my blog on SNOW SHOVELLING AND BACK ACHE -- i have included a
( piece on rat guards--why it will fall off for the next 500 years  )

the idea is NOT to be sarcastic or to patronise-- but to save lives.

People who have sailed with Capt Vadakayil will vouch, that he is a HUGE
champion of the poor mushroomed sailor at sea.

(Digression: A mushroom is always in the dark and fed with lot of crap.)

We at sea are ruled by powers ashore who secured their shore chairs , by tilted
playing fields and NOT merit, and their ability to compromise and be hypocrites.



So when we have a company seminar ashore , and the sailing party comes in
contact with ashore party, there is so much of EGO hassles , lack of respect and
immaturity.



This has to be seen to be believed.

This can never ever happen in some other professional strain , like say a world
seminar of brain surgeons. An administrator ex-surgeon , who has not lifted the
scalpel for 30 years , will never ever try to brow-beat or bulldoze a surgeon
who does a brain operation job daily, with 100% success. This happens only with
sailors.

THIS POST IS ABOUT TURN BUCKLES AND BOTTLE SCREWS--

Once i attended a company seminar in a 7 star hotel , and the Dutch Technical
director was telling a group of 200 Masters, Chief officers and Chief Engineers
, about how a container ship lost their containers as the lashings were lose.


And then his cure and prevention rolled into one moronic solution was to keep
checking and tightening the container lashing turnbuckles every 12 hours. He
went on and on--literally frothing from the mouth--

When he had got all in agreement , I got up , a cordless mike was thrust into my
hand-- as when Capt Vadakayil speaks you get nothing but the NAKED TRUTH-- it
must be loud and clear.

i said - " If a container turnbuckle is tightened it remains there, without
loosening itself  for the next 1000 years" .

there was shocked silence -- i could see the MD had broken into a wry smile as
he knew , that Vadakayil would take it to the logical bitter end.

It was time to lie back and enjoy, what is inevitable.

here is a gist of what i told him--the blow by blow account may be embarrassing
to read--

what is a nut and a bolt? how does the nut remain in position after tightening?

It is about elasticity of the steel bolt. This is why washer rings are used , in
the absence of CHECK NUTS.

This is why the Japanese Kosaka  Deepwell Pumps came a cropper. Their impeller
was secured by stainless steel bolts and nuts. This usually worked lose with
disastrous effects.

The Framo deepwell pump, understood this. They used nylon single use bolts and
nylon washers. The impeller will NOT work lose.

So this means if if tighten a bottle screw, what you do is to bring two ends
closer. Like when you tie your pyjamas with a single overhand knot.

Now you need to hold it in position. On your pyjama it will be another overhand
knot to make a reef knot ( a granny knot by land lubbers ).. On a bottle screw
this boils down to TIGHTENING THE CHECK NUT -- or inserting a spike so that it
will not unwind.

Another option would be to introduce friction on the worms by degreasing and
putting a tough layer of paint. This is why an old rusted nut and bolt remains
tight despite all vibration.

So, when you tighten a nut on a blot, the bolt elongates and keeps the nut in
place. On a water tight door with dogs , the supple packing pushed the door
outwards like a spring and holds the dogs in place. If the packing is hard on
main decks you must change the packing, as it is this suppleness which keeps the
door in place.

A CHECK NUT IS SELF TIGHTENING IN VIBRATION. IT IS NOTHING BUT A SIMILAR NUT PUT
OPPOSITE (OR ULTA AS WE INDIANS TERM IT.)

So next time you go on board , check your anchor lashing bottle screw, If it
does not have a check nut replace it.

On chemical tankers we do NOT trust any nut and bolt system , unless it has a
check nut. When i go for delivery of chemical tankers i insist that steam coil
clamp nuts and bolts must have a check nut. Or very soon they will work loose
and damage the sump impeller.



On brand new Japanese ships , they provide small stainless steel silver bottle
screws , to secure the cabin chairs in rolling. These worms/ threads  do NOT
have any friction value and with every roll they loosen. After the first bad
weather, all these fancy useless bottle screws with be lying here and there in
pieces.

On my chemical tanker--i do NOT allow greasing of butter worth port butterfly
nuts . When my ship carries Sulphuric acid or MEG FG, and if the tank cleaning
port does not have check nuts , i get a light coat of epoxy paint applied on the
threads AFTER tightening it.  Only STUPID chemical chief officers use Silicon
gun.



LESSON:  So, what makes the nut remain there after tightening? the FRICTION
afforded by the elastic pull of the elongated steel bolt , and the compressed
soft metal washer. If not, use another nut reverse to make a check nut, which is
self tightening in vibrations  .


The above check nut with lever can be tightened manually or with a small hammer.
********************************************************************************
THE NAIVE SAILOR , STREAMING SHIPS LOG , WALKER CHERUB - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


I am NOT gonna takes names here-- to respect the dead-

I went for my 2nd Mate's certificate of competency orals in Mumbai in 1977.

The aged grand examiner asked me the first question--

What are the three L's of navigation.

I told him " The answer you look for is LEAD, LOG and LOOKOUT "

Next question " Did you steam a log on your ships as cadet "?

 isaid--"Yes!westreamedtheWalkerCherublogonallmyshipsasCadet!"

How do you stream the Walker Cherub log? "

Something snapped inside my head and i cried : "This is the most STUPID
instrument i have used in my life so far!"

This kind old man was taken aback--but he indicated that i must continue and
justify what i said.

I said " If you have an digital counter odometer in your car-- why should you
have another stupid odometer on the rear fender connected to a stupid rope
dragging a roller behind your car wheels? "

There was pregnant silence for a while. Then he broke into hearty laughter and
said " Carry on ! You have passed !!"

So i passed my 2nd mate's orals exam in 5 minutes.( I passed my Master's orals
even faster !--that is another story )

So when my 90000 tonner ship has a fixed propeller with a FIXED propeller shaft
hooked on to a digital counter to give the propeller RPM , why should i stream
another log .  --which has a rope driven " jumping up / down , prone to kinking
" shaft connected to a stupid portable propeller, fish and governor.

This governor is a wheel  attached in the middle of the line --to steady the
revolutions ( sic ! ). Basically it indicates that the 50 metre long line  is
rotating, and the floating propeller affected by ship's wake is NOT lost or the
propeller has sunk due to lack of speed..

The young GPS generation , must skip this post. Only the old generation will
understand this and have a nice laugh!

And imagine Walter Cherub and party scratched the back of the Admiralty and went
into the museum only as late as 1994. Yeah-- the same Admiralty who wants you to
use port anchor in the Northern hemisphere and vice versa, because the wind will
veer and back and blah blah -- No wonder why Admiralty lacked seamanship, as
rich Rothschild decided who ruled the Admiralty who ruled the Britanica seas--.

This bullshit instrument was meant only for FAST sailing boats. Slow boats will
sink the propeller. yeah--it has a brass fish too--the contraption with a hole
--


extracts from their Internet site:--


Thomas Ferdinand Walker (1837–1921) first patented the Cherub log in 1878 (no.
4369). It was one of the first logs in which the recorder was placed on board
the ship rather than being part of the rotor. The Cherub Mark III series proved
to be very successful and was produced in great numbers between 1930 and 1994..




Made by Thomas Walker & Son, Ltd of Birmingham, England whose name is synonymous
with patent logs. It features a self contained  instrument head with a distance
measuring calculator which was mounted on the vessel's taffrail. The instrument
section has a white porcelain face, and three analog counters with black Arabic
numbers for distance run. A very large spinner or fish is trailed in the water
behind the ship and its rotation is transmitted to the counter by means of a
line (not included).




This instrument is a recorder for determining distance travelled and thus ship’s
speed. It is made of brass with a ceramic dial, with the main scale marked from
0 to 100 miles and two inset dials marked from 0 to 1000 miles and 0 to 1 mile.
It has a fixing plate, on which it can turn, with which it would have been
attached to a suitable part of the ship, typically the taffrail, the rail at the
stern of a ship. As a result, this type of log was often called a taffrail log.
The recorder would have been connected to a rotor that was towed behind the
ship. The revolutions of the rotor registered on the indicator, thus measuring
the distance travelled. For this model, 900 revolutions of the rotor registered
as 1 nautical mile. We have satisfied customers in Australia, Austria, Belgium,
Bermuda, Canada, Chile, China, Denmark, England, Finland, France, Germany,
Holland, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kuwait, Mexico, New Zealand, Norway,
Nova Scotia, Saudi Arabia, Scotland, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Thailand, USVI
and the Eastern Caribbean
********************************************************************************
MAHA MRITYUNJAYA MANTRA VIDEO CLIP -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




This video must be viewed after reading my blog POWER OF MANTRAS ON HUMAN
CONSCIOUSNESS  --   posted on 14th Jan 2010

Nina Hagens pronounciation of Sanskrit Mantra is NOT up to the mark, as she does
not understand the language. But her voice has the vibratory quality--you cant
have a rossogolla sweet voice like Anuradha Paudval chanting this Mantra.
********************************************************************************
GAYATRI MANTRA VIDEO , NINA HAGEN -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


to be viewed after reading my blog  POWER OF MANTRAS ON HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS --
posted on 14th Jan 2011

Nina Hagens pronounciation of Sanskrit Mantra is NOT up to the mark, as she does
not understand the language. But her voice has the vibratory quality--you cant
have a rossogolla sweet voice like Anuradha Paudval chanting this Mantra.
********************************************************************************
MANU , THE FIRST LAW MAKER -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL MANU , THE FIRST LAW MAKER ,
8300 BC -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



The western historians have put the laws of Hammurabi ( 1700 BC ) and the ten
commandments of Moses ( 1300 BC ) as the first laws of the world.






Probably they never heard of Manu, the great Vedic seer and his Manu-Samhita.



They were the first complied laws of this planet , in 8300 BC on the banks of
the mighty river Karnali / Ghaghara which springs from the Himalayan glaciers of
Mapchachungo..





The Vedas and Ramayana talks about its tributary Sarayu which flows past
Ayodhya, the ancient capital of the Surya dynasty of Lord Rama.






   
In the olden days even Sarayu was mightier than the Ganges.


The Manava Dharma Shastra of Manu, was spread around from Jerusalem to Cambodia
by Emperor Vikramaditya .


The laws were in 100000 verses , and is 3300 years older than the Rig Veda.


Later in 4100 BC  it was compiled and abridged by Narada the sage to 12000
verses.


The laws were more of a code of ethics than legislative laws. There were NO
severe punishments and the higher castes got punished more. Hammurabi's maritime
laws for sea trade are lifted from laws formulated and adapted by sailors from
Kerala, India.






Manu received the eternal truths from Brahma , as he was a seer.


At the Taxila university in 3000 BC, 10500 seats for world students were
available as long as they were more than the age of 16. Students came from as
far as Mesopotamia, Greece, Syria, Arabia , Russia, Thailand and China.





The laws Manu Smriti deals with epistemology, dialectics, metaphysics,
empiricism , reason , truths, patience, forgiveness, self control, honesty,
control of senses and sanctity.




When the pyramids were built 5000 years ago, NOBODY on this planet including the
Egyptians has the technology to find the exact North East South West cardinal
positions of Vaastu.


The geographic and the magnetic poles are NOT the same.The North pole is 1600
miles away and the south pole is 2570 kilometers away.

The ancient Kerala sailors sailed to Socotra and Aquaba and Basra using a
compass of magnetised fish blade floating on light oil floating on water. This
is symbolised by Arjun shooting into the eye of the fish to win Draupadi in 4000
BC.

To the sceptic who wonders whether I have replaced one set of max Mueller lies
with another bigger one—pl note.  When Hindus are born their horoscopes are
made. Every Indian Hindu does it. Mine was engraved on a palm leaf. My sons’
horoscopes are in a notebook. The horoscope gives the navagrahas and rashis. For
Sri Rama of Ramayana who fought with Ravana in 4300 BC, his horoscope gives
position of different planets vis-a-vis zodiac constellations and nakshatras
(visible stars) were: i) Sun in Aries; ii) Saturn in Libra; iii) Jupiter in
Cancer; iv) Venus in Pisces; v) Mars in Capricorn; vi) Lunar month of Chaitra;
vii) Ninth day after no moon; viii) Lagna as Cancer (cancer was rising in the
east); ix) Moon on the Punarvasu (Gemini constellation & Pllux star). Max
Mueller had no such information, nor will he ever understand all this.

 


 

Check out the video above about Vimanas of 7000 BC --flying saucers

Manava Grihyasutra, Manava Sulbasutra and Manava Dharmashastra (Manusmriti or
rules of Manu) texts are ascribed to Svayambhuva Manu.

Manu-smriti states that Hindus should leave 7 generations from the fathers side
and 5 generations from the mother side before fixing up a marriage—to preserve
the integrity of the Y chromosome.

Manu was a noble Maharishi. To know more about Manu--

punch ino Google search-

DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL
********************************************************************************
KIZHAR NELLI , THE QUANTUM MEDICINE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



When I was 12 years old , while playing soccer at school I felt very tired.

After running some more I felt some pain on the right hand side of the chest. I
knew it had something to do with the liver , NOT the heart.

So I went home early. My old nanny saw me, as said immediately that my eyes are
dull and yellow.

She immediately took some cooked rice in a glass and told me to pee in it.

Later after examining the rice, she said “ You have Jaundice”.



Before my parents could get back from work, she went into the back yard , pulled
out a plant and within 10 minuted made me drink a blackish green concoction.

She told me that it was a mashed herb by the name of Kizhar Nelli and milk. It
was so bitter that I spat it out. Later when my parents came back from office,
they made the herb paste into a small ball and made me swallow it with milk as a
chaser.

I went to sleep. The next two days I did NOT go to school, as the right hand
side of my chest still pained. I just ate curd and rice. The arm pits of my
white uniform shirt had a tinge of yellow—I was shown this by my mother.

The third day I was back in school. I started playing soccer again after a week.

This herb was in great demand by the Pharaohs of Egypt and the Kings of
Palestine. Of course they could NOT grow it in their countries as this plant
requires special soil, pollination  and tropical weather.



This is one of the reasons they traded with my hometown Calicut for thousands of
years before Christ was born.



The Palestine kings has lot of queens who when they reached menopause , ate the
head of their Kings.


In those days there was NO medicine, for urinary infection,  vaginal bleeding or
Uterus removal. They depended on this herb.

Since surgery was NOT a well practiced science there they needed medicines which
could cure them.

The kings needed it desperately for their prostate problems . Kizhar Nelli can
lower blood cholesterol and blood pressure—all royal diseases.



It is anti-inflammatory, anti-viral and anti-spasmodic. It can cure venereal
disease, Uric acid problems and control blood sugar.

Scabies and Psoriasis can be cured.

It is used as a nose drop for Sinus and Rhinitis problems. It is used against
Kidney stones and worms.

This herb can PREVENT!

We all know there is NO medicine in western allopathy for Hepatitis B and A,
while Kizhar Nelli can cure ABE..

This herb cannot cure Hepatitis C , but it can prevent.

In my opinion it can cure Hepatitis C and Cancer if mixed with some other herbs
( this is classified as of now! ).


A hint:--- It can block the DNA polymerase -- the enzyme which catalyses
polymerisation of Deoxyribonucleotides into a DNA strand. DNA polymerases have a
feedback role in DNA replication, in which the polymerase "reads" an intact DNA
strand as a template and uses it to synthesize the new strand.


  
The leaves of this plant has small capsules underneath the leaves and hence is
easy to locate. Frogs keep away from it.


The botanical name is Phyllanthus Niruri.



In Tamil Keezha means below and Nelli means berry.



However there are many strains of this herb, and some are better than others,
for certain specific cures..


Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
RUINED CITY OF HAMPI -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

GLORIOUS HAMPI,  VIJAYANAGARA RUINS, THE BEST RUINS ON THIS PLANET

Check out the pictures of Hampi ruins below, hundreds of structures -- these are
the most glorious ruins on this planet.

Nothing comes even a close second. I have seen the ruins of Greece, Rome, and
almost all ruins worth seeing on this planet-all small areas. Hampi ruins are
scattered over 25 square kilometers !

It takes more than 10 days to see it all.!

Hampi , in Bellary district of Karnataka state , was destroyed in 1565, when in
the Battle of Talikota , King Rama Raya was beheaded by the Muslim invaders.

 

The Muslim invaders then went around destroying a glorious Vijayanagara
civilization. They stole and broke , nay , smashed ,  almost everything, with
special attention to the Hindu temples and idols. Stones were carted away to
build nearby buildings.

After that this beautiful city of 25 square kilometers area was left to rot.
Today some tourists take pictures .

The fires raged for more than six months. Every temple and structure had
polished decorated rosewood and teakwood statues and beams. ..

This city was built around a Shiva Linga ( black meteorite holy stone ) on the
banks of the mighty Tungabhadra river, as early as 4500 BC.



This was a Dravidian culture.

You can still see this massive Shiva linga 3 meters high , partly submerged in
flowing water inside a temple. Named Jalakhandeshwaran this black stone was so
powerful that it had to be quenched with flowing water.



Below is the black stone at Mecca Kaaba.

 

Next to this you can see the statue of Narasimham. This Narasimham avatar statue
of  4500 BC was found in Vietnam lately.




  
 

Hampi finds mention in the Ramayana , as Risimukha mountain.



As per legend in 4300 BC, when Sita was being abducted by Ravana she dropped her
jewels into this city from the Pushpaka airplane .



It fell next to Sugriva ( monkey king ) who kept it in his cave, till Rama came
enquiring, as per information from Jatayu , the wounded eagle .



Above is a temple in Cambodia showing this Ramayana episode with Rama and Monkey
King Sugriva.

Below is a temple in Vietnam of Shiva.







North of this Shiva lingam is the Virupaksha temple.



The monkey king Sugriva's cave is a hot spot for pilgrims. There is something
about this natural and ancient cave which draws tourists.





Near Sugriva;s cave is Kodandarama temple , where Rama crowned Sugriva as King ,
after killing his brother Vali.

Next to Sugriva's cave you can find the carved footprints of Rama and his
brother Lakhsmana , who fought with Ravana in 4000 BC.



Nearby is the ornate stone chariot, a very endearing image indeed. The stone
wheels can turn in the axles.





The chariot faces a dance temple whose pillars are musical , and tourists tap
them.

The Hampi ruins have to be seen to be believed.

The stones used were local. In Italy and Greece they used white marble. Imagine
these Hampi ruins to be milky white like the Taj Mahal or spray painted white .
After that the white ruins in Greece and Rome would get an inferiority complex.

Probably the toughness of the stones prevented total obliteration of everything.

Enjoy the pictures of some of the ruins--















































This DRAVIDIAN EMBLEM is the symbol claimed by the Jews for themselves.








The height of the rounded hard stones , show how mighty this river was .

In my 38 years of sailing , i have visited almost all the countries of the world
, all ancient places including the Great wall of China, Egyptian Pyramids, Roman
ruins, Vatican , Parthenon - Greek ruins, South American ruins,  etc etc etc--

HAMPI TAKES THE CAKE!

There is NO need to ask Vatican agents, Max Mueller and Macaulay when the Shiva
Lingam at Tunghabadra river was covered over with a temple-- for according to
them ugly monkeys were Dravidians.

This makes me a monkey, like Sugriva -- for I am an ugly looking Dravidian too.

The tradition of covering all "meteoric black stones", which raise your
Kundalini,  with a temple was started by the Vedic Aryans of India--whether it
is at Jerusalem or Lost city of Petra or Mecca or Vietnam. Vedic culture is NOT
a religion.

Aryans and Dravidians of India have the same DNA. The small European sects have
vastly different DNA. Indians have placed their flag on the moon, despite being
constrained by funds, and their intellectual cream being swiped away clean , by
the white man every year..

Recently a Chinese scholar came to India and ridiculed the HUBRIS of Indians of
their past culture . Well the answer to that king sized a$$hole , are the above
pictures of magnificent ancient ruins spread over 25 sq kilometers,-- likes of
which you don't see in China .

 

DNA imprinting and isotope dating is done in India nowadays, it is no big deal
--and they don't lie. ( as Bill Clinton found out "technically" the hard way! ).

The granite in Hampi is NOT like the soft white marble used in Greece and Rome.
It is so hard on the Moh's scale -- that water cooled rotary diamond teeth
cutters have to slog the whole day to cut a single slab. The ancients used soft
wood inside drilled slots to expand with water---

Our temples made in BC were NOT just architecture.


The pillars gave musical sounds of SA RE GA MA PA DA --which the white man has
converted to DO RE ME FA TO LA.


Our temples had pinhole cameras five thousand years before Leonardo Da Vinci was
given the credit.



Our  Vedic science book  Samba Purana and temples had the optical spectrum of
VIBGYOR, 7000 years before Isaac Newton stole it, for is book Opticks.




Our Yoga gave the Bernoulli's fluid theory at least 9000 years before it was
understood and lifted. When a ancient sage in 7000 BC,  drank luke warm saline
water through his nose to educt out the mucus from his sinus, and eject it via
the mouth he knew the theory behind it.


When our sun temples had statues of  our Sun God Surya riding a 12 wheeled
chariot  ( 12 months ) driven by seven horses ( 7 days in a week ) -- it was
about the modern day calendar.


I can go on and on--














































































King Ramaraya of Aravidu Hindu dynasty ( son-in-law of  Vijayanagara emperor
Krishna Deva Raya ) was killed in the Battle of Talikota on 26 January 1565), a
watershed battle fought between the Vijayanagara Empire and the Muslim Deccan
sultanates.

It is believed that half the enormous treasures of the city is still in
underground vaults of subterranean tunnels and submerged underwater vaults in
the Tungabhadra river.

The Nizam of Hyderabad was declared as the richest person on this planet when
the British evaluated his wealth 380 years after Hampi fell.

Actually it was a very small percentage of the looted Hampi treasures.
********************************************************************************
NEEM, THE QUANTUM MEDICINE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



A few years ago, the Saudis gave orders to plant 50000 neem trees at Mount
Arafat , Mecca, where the pilgrims keep a vigil.



I would say, this is the wisest decision made in Mecca , after Mohammed the
Prophets decision , NOT to allow his people to eat pig.

To an average naïve westerner , this decision was made to give shade at the same
time providing good cross ventilation, which is NOT afforded by a claustrophobic
tent—as the heat can hang you up to dry.

This goes far beyond that.

The Ayurveda texts of India, talk extensively about Neem as  early as 5000 BC.
Translated from Sanskrit one para reads--

QUOTE ‘Neem bark is cool, bitter, astringent, acrid and refrigerant. It is
useful in tiredness, cough, fever, loss of appetite, worm infestation. It heals
wounds and vitiated conditions of kapha, vomiting, skin diseases, excessive
thirst, and diabetes. Neem leaves are reported to be beneficial for eye
disorders and insect poisons. It treats Vatik disorder. It is anti-leprotic.
It’s fruits are bitter, purgative, anti-hemorrhoids and anthelmintic’  UNQUOTE

Most of the  homes in India ( leave out cities ) have a Neem tree .  It is known
as Margosa in English .  Its Botanical name is Azadirachta Indica – as its
magical properties were first recognized in India and then spread around by
Emperor Vikramaditya.

India resisted a vested US attempt to patent Neem and Turmeric and won.  Ancient
Indians never found the need to patent things in a ridiculous manner like
unscruplous Edison .

The neem tree has dense leaves. In spring small white flowers blossom. Later in
June small fruits appear changing from green to yellow. There is a single seed
inside which gives neem oil.

Neem contains certain complex organic chemical compounds like azadirachitin,
triterpenes, limonoids, nonterpenoids, hexanortriterpenoids, pentattriterpenoids
etc.

Nothing is wasted –every part of the plant is used like leaf, flower,  bark sap
neera , seed, oil etc.



Neem is  ANTI – Bacterial Fungal Viral Parasitic Inflammatory Pyretic

Need I say more?

Let me expound—

It combats acne, rash allergy, ringworms, lice, dandruff, hairfall, rheumatoid
arthrititis, gout, constipation, worms , malaria, sinus, cough, STD, ulcers, pox
scarring, foot fungi,

It drives awat insects, mosquitoes and snakes. It does NOT harm birds.

All Vedic sages brushed their teeth with neem twig. Its bitter tase formats the
taste of the tongue. Like in perfume shops you must format your olfactory senses
with coffee bean smell, beofe you smell another perfume.

It is used in food godowns in India as it drives away unwanted pests and
termites. Powdered bark and root is applied on pets to drive away fleas.

In my lawn I use neem seed cakes to lower Nitrogen losses, and also to prevent
fungus.

In Puri temples dieties are carved out of aged neem wood..

When I sit on my lawn in the evenings , I get rid of mosquitoes by sprinkling
neem water—fooling the smell senses of the mosquitoes.
********************************************************************************
QUANTUM DOUBLE SLIT EXPERIMENT VIDEO -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Ideas of quantum physics do not seem so crazy if we read Indian philosophy—W
Heisenberg ( German physicist )



IF YOU HAVE NOT BEEN SHOCKED OUT OF YOUR SKIN,  BY SEEING THE ABOVE VIDEO, YOU
HAVE NOT UNDERSTOOD IT!


All over my blog posts you keep colliding into the term Quantum Physics.

In my SABARIMALA MAKARA VILAKKU post, i talked about " consciousness ".

Ancient Indian sages and seers with 12 strand DNA , and resonating large Pineal
glands could curse you and convert your body from energy to ashes.


This is the principle of Vedanta which evolved at the banks of the river
Saraswati from 11000 BC to 4000 BC . Till the 20th century the white man
ridiculed it -- and said it was Hindu coolie mumbo jumbo in shepherds's verses.


This is what Albert Einstein cashed in with his formula E=MC2 and the whole
world went GA GA !! . To be fair to Einstein, he has always praised Vedanta--
having read translation gists , and understood it.

This is what is supposed to be happening, when ancient Maharshis produced
Vibhuti ash-- proving that mind is over matter.



You cant produce matter from energy,  unless you have 12 strand DNA, a king
sized Pineal Gland and raised Kundalini, which opens out the Shiva's third eye--
and the overdrive of your chakras gives you that golden coloured aura.


-- even the US nuclear aircraft carrier has E=MC2 splashed on the flight deck in
-- the largest lettering in history. (  E= energy    M=mass    E=speed of light
-- ) .   Einsteins equation E=MC2 proved energy could be transformed into
-- matter.



Very soon i will show on my blog,  that this formula is wrong -- and E =  t MC2.
( where t = delta T of change of time )

-- for as per the first Indigo child in the past 4000 years , super genius
-- Nikola Tesla , scalar waves are faster than light. World war 3 will be fought
-- with Scalar waves.


Longitudinal scalar waves are so fine that they are only one hundred millionth
of a square centimeter in width--finer than X-rays and Gamma rays. Scalar waves
produce a great repelling force on the atomic nucleus bypassing the out
electrons shells and operate in a non-linear time dimension.





Nikola Tesla was introduced to Vedanta , Aakasha or ZPF ( zero point field ) by
Swami Vivekananda.

In the 20th century QUANTUM PHYSICS came of age .

I myself studied it on my own-- just to see if there is a case for praying.  My
wife is very pious , we have a puja room in my home. Still i have NEVER said a
prayer in my life.

It is more about cockiness with my own abilities and mindset.  I don't depend
upon anybody for deliverance. Tomorrow if i am in a hospital ( this place is a
great leveller ) who knows? --  i may start praying, like there is no tomorrow
!.

However -- today, after understanding consciousness , DNA and scalar fields-  i
am convinced that there is IMMENSE power in prayer and human intention.


HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS ( THE POWER OF THE OBSERVER ) IS WHAT IS SHOWN IN THE ABOVE
DOUBLE SLIT EXPERIMENT VIDEO.

Quantum physics is the science of the worlds most diminutive components.

Quantum Physics does NOT give us a clear vision of what we call the classical
cause and effect truth. It does NOT allow us to associate physical objects with
simple images.

One of the laws of the quantum realm – an event is a particle ( matter ) and a
wave ( energy ) simultaneously. Body is a collection of particles. Mind is a
collection of waves. Quantum Physics tells us that particles and waves are the
SAME thing. Your intention determines whether you see a particle or a wave.

We cannot observe the quantum world using our limited five senses.

Instead we must imagine particles as they really are: structures of matter waves
(like quantum waves) in their wave medium, the quantum ether.

We have to think of ourselves, our bodies, our brain and its mind, as
inextricably joined with other matter of the universe. Every atom and molecule
within us depends on the rest of the universe. If the rest of the universe did
not exist we could not exist.

Energy exchange occurs between two resonant states with identical frequencies.
When it occurs, a source state always shifts frequency downward and a receiver
state shifts frequency upward. This equality produces the observed conservation
of energy.

Note that equal frequency changes are equal energy changes from the relation
E=MC2

Mind is of the time domain--as a scalar manifestation. It can make contact with
other scalar phenomena, nad be influenced by them.

In the quantum picture, electromagnetic radiation has a dual nature, existing
both as  waves and as streams of particles called photons.

The quantum nature of electromagnetic radiation is encapsulated in quantum
electrodynamics, the quantum field theory of the electromagnetic force. Photons
are exchanged whenever electrically charged subatomic particles interact. The
photon has no electric charge, so it does not experience the electromagnetic
force itself—in other words, photons cannot interact with one another.

At the level of quantum reality the universe is not made up of things. It is
comprised of oscillating fields of energy.  In the quantum domain everything is
interrelated.

The universe is filled with a incomprehensible amount of energy and
substance—some of which is imperceptible to our physical senses. Radio waves,
microwaves, infrared waves and microscopic particles are just a few examples of
the infinite aspects of reality that elude the perception of our 5 senses.

IN ESSENSE OUR SENSES SERVE AS A FILTER ALLOWING US TO EXPERIENCE WHAT IS MOST
NECESSARY FOR OUR PHYSICAL EXISTENCE.

The 5 senses create the set for the stage we call our lives.  The senses squelch
out and filter--or we will have a breakdown due to excess information.

 THEENTIREELECTROMAGNETICSPECTRUMISINTIMATELYRESONANTWITHSOUND.

 Inthephone,ahumanvoiceisconvertedtoadigitalsignalthentransmitteddownthelinesase
 lectromagneticenergy(orbeamedbyasatellite)toreversethealchemicalprocess.

When my parents matched my horoscope with my wife's ( as is done by every single
Hindu )  , they were wise. My childern have horoscopes as does every Hindu
Indian.

Astrology connects our world and our physical organisms with the vast cosmos
uniting the microcosm and the macrocosm. Astrology is the interaction of micro
particles and energy that invisibly fills our universe.

Photons and electrons have a protient ability to shift their form in an instant.
Measured one way they behave as particles. Measured another way they act as
waves.



Energy cannot be destroyed – it can only be transformed. Nothing that was
created can ever cease to exist. They can only change. And so we change. We
emerge from microscopic interactions of cells and DNA grow to the physical form
we know in the world and then shed that form like how a butterfly emerges from
its chrysalis to fly home.  Darwin did NOT have the intelligence to understand
this-- but we are still stuck with his peer reviewed ( over brandy and cigars )
bullshit in our science texts..



With the advent of quantum physics and Einsteins theory of relativity
spirituality and science reinforce each other. Our bodies are composed of matter
and our souls are composed of energy. They are different manifestations of a
single underlying whole. On earth matter is our reality.





We need to to use our 5 senses to accept it. In spiritual dimensions energy is
the reality. These energies have different vibrational levels and none are as
dense as the physical world. Animals operate at different vibrational levels.



Intention appears to be something akin to a tuning fork, causing the tuning
forks of other things to resonate at the same frequency.Resonance occurs when a
system absorbs more energy than usual because the energy is being supplied at
the system's own natural frequency.

For example, soldiers break step when they cross a bridge because their rhythmic
marching could make the bridge resonate—set it vibrating at its own natural
frequency—so that it absorbs enough energy to cause damage.



Resonance occurs when the frequencies that interact are octaves of each other.
When striking the piano, the notes of higher and lower octaves will also
reverberate.



Our psyche is like the octaves of a piano. When we undergo an experience , it
resonates on the spiritual, mental, emotional and physical levels of our being.
If it is traumatic they become embodies at cellular level as a physical
disease.mind can direct tiny proteins to read the sophisticated sequence of DNA
helix. It is through the subconscious that we are connected with the universal
mind and brought into relation with the infinite constructive forces of the
universe.

Each individual is but the individualisation of the universal, the cosmic mind.
The universal  mind is static or potential energy. Every atom is continually
striving to manifest more life—all are intelligent. Matter is powerless ,
passive , inert.



Mind is force , energy , power. Mind shapes and controls matter. Every form
which matter takes is the expression of some pre-existing thought.



Build firm foundations for your consciousness upon forces which flow direct from
the infinite source—the universal mind. People who are in possession of this
inheritance can never be timid, weak , vaccillating or fearful. Universal can
manifest only though the individual.



The greatest piece of mechanism which has ever come into existence is the brain
of man. Mind is real and eternal. Matter is forever changing.





I will talk about quantum entanglement, in another post.
  
Our DNA has remembered all the things that ever happened to human beings.




God resides within your own DNA!

WHAT FOLLOWS BELOW IS THE MOST IMPORTANT STUFF YOU WILL READ IN YOUR FUTURE
LIVES -- IF YOU LIKE IT SPREAD IT AROUND , ONLY TO PEOPLE WHO ARE WORTH IT.

I won't insert pictures--to distract the flow--

The ancient Vedic rishis in all their wisdom said as early as 8000 BC , that our
universe is not woven from  matter but consciousness .

These seers and channels with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands said,
that the universal laws are clear, your attitude about your life will shape it.

They said that the entire universe emerged from thoughts.  Now the double slit
experiment tells clearly that as per  quantum physics  you cant have a universe
without mind entering into it, and the mind is actually shaping the very things
that is perceived.

Your current thoughts are shaping your future life When you visualise you
generate powerful thoughts and feelings of having it now.

The law of attraction returns that reality exactly  as you saw it in your mind.
Matter, energy and consciousness are interchangeable .

There are connections between quantum mechanics and consciousness .
Consciousness is the intelligence, the organising principle behind the arising
of form. The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention and
desire.

Self acceptance is the key to a higher consciousness and more attractive energy.
Maturity is deep trust in your own consciousness. We see incredible order and
harmony and pattern which no accident can produce. The image of the human being
is contained within the microscopic DNA strands of the fertilised egg in the
womb. Consciousness is the  intelligent force that started the blueprint which
ultimately manifested itself as a particular form.

Animals express consciousness through instinct.  Humans , in addition to
instinct we possess the highest quality of consciousness, --self awareness. Self
awareness or reflective thought is thus the difference between animals and
humans. Reflection is the power to turn one’s consciousness upon oneself, to
know oneself and especially to know that one knows..  maths , physics,
philosophy , astronomy etc is due to man’s unique ability to reflect inwardly.

The expanded abilities of self awareness is abstract reasoning, free will,
creativity, foresight etc.   Our culture is oriented towards reducing one’s self
awareness rather than expanding it. After the ancient Vedic rishis, it is the
flower children ( hippies ) of the sixties , who took on big brother and tried
to expand it.

Most people never raise their consciousness much above that of the beast and the
spark of divinity within them remains dormant the whole of their lives .
Perception occurs in the gap of alert attention. This is the inner space. When
you visit new places , the experiencing and sense perception takes up more of
their consciousness than thinking .

There is a consciousness in every molecule of matter. Realm of no mind—is pure
consciousness. You can create a gap in the mind stream simply by directing the
focus of your attention into the NOW. Consciousness enables us to think and at
the same time observe our thinking process.

The brain without consciousness is inert and lifeless.  Consciousness is a form
of matter just as matter is a form of consciousness. All atoms in the entire
universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms. Our
consciousness is a cosmic DVD player.

Biology is a quantum process All the processes in the body including cell
communications were triggered by quantum fluctuations, and all higher brain
functions and consciousness also appeared at the quantum level.

On the subatomic level—mind is over matter. The brain and DNA is governed by the
laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology.

An act of simple observation as shown in the double slit experiment is an action
of consciousness—as exponded in the Vedas.. A “particle” observation would
momentarily “freeze” the molecules’ positions, resulting in the appearance of
thought. Another complementary “wave” observation where the proteins remained
unobserved would produce changes in the energy of these waves, resulting in the
arousal of feelings. Thus feelings and thoughts would show the same type of
duality as waves and particles.

Can you ever get a  dumb computer to intuitively assess the truth in a subtle
argument or see the humor in a joke, to feel the emotional impact of music,
philosophize about the meaning of life, or come up with counter intuitive
solutions to unfamiliar problems? It is possible to make conscious computers
using the divine language Sanskrit and DNA strand wiring.

Your Soul controls your mind . Our separation from each other is an optical
illusion of consciousness. . Quantum coherent properties have been observed in
biological systems . Quantum coherence in the microtubules of every cell is  the
key to consciousness..

Scalar waves is the point of fundamental intersection where matter and
consciousness  influence each other. Kundalini is the cellular expression of
energy generated from the ZPF and this is why Kundalini exhibits  psychic and
trans-temporal effects. Scalar waves can be used in  “precursor engineering” and
can be coupled with intention and consciousness, and be used for healing  and
also to bring back the immune system in a previous blue print state.

Most modern people are stressed and harassed by their racing minds, which chase
them around in the daytime like chattering monkeys and keeps them awake at
night. Negative thoughts therefore create negative feelings and hence stress and
illness. Our inner voice evaluates, judges, compares and worries. Most people
live with such a tormentor in their head draining them of energy. It is an awful
burden not to be able to stop thinking . Up to 90 % of most people’s thoughts
are meaningless playbacks of old “records” .

India there is the ancient tradition of the enlightened sage, the one who breaks
free of ordinary human conditioning and attains a state called "awakening By
various means such as deep meditation or by pure devotion, or by the control and
understanding of the mind these historical figures broke through into universal
consciousness itself, and beyond that even, into the pure awareness of the
absolute. They experienced a quantum leap and a arrived a state that cannot be
defined and described. People simply called them the enlightened ones—like
Buddha . Stream of consciousness is a flow of thoughts inwardly expressed,
similar to a soliloquy.

Chanting the Vedic King mantra OM raises your vibration to a higher
consciousness, and it clears the channel for intuition..which are messages from
your unconscious mind making contact with your consciousness. Cosmic
consciousness is the concept that the universe is a living superorganism with
which animals, including humans, interconnect, and form a collective
consciousness which spans the cosmos. Cosmic Consciousness lies in a mystic
state above and beyond Self-consciousness, which is an acute sense of self-
awareness.

Consciousness is not limited to the brain. The other chakras in our body are
also conscious. ( I will be posting on chakras soon ) They express it through
intelligent communication with other chakras, exchanging information energies .

Our billions of cells and DNA have memories that influence our behaviour and
traits. Consciousness is a universal attribute of creation.  DNA can never die.
It merely changing its structure and appearance into a cavalcade of living
beings. If we stare back down this ‘great chain of being’, we see a continuous
process of spiritual evolution. This is something Darwin will never understand ,
as he did not have the intelligence .

The classical physics of Newton takes a material perspective in which the
Universe is composed of discrete building blocks, solid and unchangeable.
Quantum physics takes a spiritual perspective in which there are no separate
parts, in which everything is fluid and always changing.

After stupid Newton and party divorced spirit and classical science this planet
is faced now with the question of how to promote the ascension of consciousness
to higher levels of existence amongst the entire world population. With quantum
physics, science is leaving behind the notion that human beings are powerless
victims and moving toward an understanding that we are fully empowered creators
of our lives and of our world.

With Newton, we were insignificant cogs in the Universal Machinery. With quantum
physics, we are Creators of the Universe. Yin is formlessness; yang is form.
Each contains the seed of the other. Yin and yang are conscious of each other,
they are consciousness. Consciousness and existence each have a dual yin-yang
structure in which form and formlessness alternate. . The brain does not create
consciousness, but consciousness created the brain.

When you do Pranayama and are conscious of your breath you are absolutely
PRESENT. You cannot think and be aware of your breathing. Conscious breathing
stops the mind. But far from being in  a trance or half asleep you are fully
awake and highly alert. You are not falling below thinking, you are rising above
it.

NUM MYOHO RENGHE KHYU is a powerful Buddhist Mantra ( as per Karma and the laws
of the Universe )  , which will shape your consciousness.

Fields of conscousness are called M fields –morpogenetic. Just like
electromagnetic and gravitational fields.

When you chant the Vedic king Mantra OM—your acoustic energy amplifies your
electromagnetic vibrations. OM mantra is the trigger to quantum tunneling. DNA
is a superconductor that stores light at body temperature, and can create
magnetic wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and axional membranes are also hollow
cylinders.


Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang
).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum
possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles, we call the cosmic dance of
Shiva from either side of the Quantum screen... Together they express the great
void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to
perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands (
body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by
Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the oceans
for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. The
amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar
knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine LSD--
rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk
DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and
achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are
accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland
is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this
hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in
the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for
Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep,
while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC
raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-
beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of
life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been
measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers,
regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can
vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT
is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a
psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become
active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline
burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant
observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have
too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were
NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its
mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND
LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the
quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and
Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16,
just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT
trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume
Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you
have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters
your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern
mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh
Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of
each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT
external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to
produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now
degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis
, can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life
use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third
eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas
will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the
third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2
strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil.
********************************************************************************
QUANTUM ENTANGLEMENT VIDEO -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Quantum In-separability, still called the EPR effect (standing for Einstein
Podolski Rosen), is a quantum phenomena which runs counter to common sense.



Let's imagine two particles which interact then distance themselves one from the
other: These two twinned particles are said to be correlated, like for example
two photons emitted by the same excited atom .  Two correlated photons would
thus have a polarisation of +1 for one and obligatorily of -1 for the other.

Following the classical interpretation, each photon conserves its polarisation
after their separation: one is polarised +1 and the other -1, well before an
observer makes any measurements. The two photons constitute two separate systems
and are totally independant, the one of the other.



It is not until the moment where the measurement is made of a photon that the
other acquires its characteristics: if the polarisation of one photon is +1, the
other becomes -1 and vice-versa. The two particles form an inseparable ensemble,
even if they are infinitely distant...

Two correlated particles are still one despite their distance of separation.

Knowledge of one has an instantaneous influence on the other, without the
transmission of information resulting in any physical action.

This shows an instantaneous telepathy between particles, and the "indivisible
totality" of the Universe!


In one experiment, new-born rabbits were separated from their mothers. The
mother rabbits were hooked up to ECG and EEG monitors. Then the new-born rabbits
were killed. It was found that the stress levels of the mother rabbits were
raised dramatically, even though the new-born rabbits were killed in another
location.  Telepathic biological links between mother and offspring were
therefore shown to exist. To test whether water blocked out the telepathic
signal, the mother rabbits were transferred to nuclear submarines. These rabbits
were found to ’know’ when their offspring were killed, even when they were deep
underwater. This experiment showed that hundreds of feet of sea water could not
block out the psi effect.  Consciousness,  is a form of Scalar energy, that
focused thought (with intent) can achieve extraordinary things.



The  behaviour of subatomic particles  is unpredictable . The jiggling of
subatomic particles is caused by the zero point field or Aakasha as Vedic
science said . Randomly virtual photons jump back and forth between the zero
point field and our physical world. They collide with and are absorbed by
subatomic particles that will be excited into a higher energy state. After
nanoseconds the energy is released again by means of another virtual photon that
returns to the zero point field. The photon is called a virtual photon since it
comes and goes from the zero point field and is not here to stay in the material
world. It is only used in the energy exchange between the zero point field and
the material world

Not only photons but also all sorts of elementary particles come into our
physical reality from nowhere at all. They seem to come from the zero point
field, make their appearance in our physical reality for only thousandths or
millionths of a second to disappear once again into the void. These forms of
mystical particles were called virtual particles since they were not stable
enough to stay around in our reality.

The zero point field is a quantum foam of virtual particles and photons. Our
universe is never at rest not even in empty space!

Even in a pitch-dark room where absolutely no light from the outside world can
penetrate, scientists can still measure the presence of virtual photons.




The existence of the zero point field has been known to Indian sages and seers
more than 8000 years ago.

Matter is not a condensed substance but a diffuse form of energy.  Scalar waves
are very different from electromagnetic waves; for one thing they can travel
over immense distances with no loss of energy at super-luminal speed (faster
than light).


  
All atoms are in vortex kinesis, it is spinning energy, an intensified example
of the natural state of any matter. The great galaxies rotate.  In relation to a
galaxy, our solar system is nothing more than a tiny atom. A vast swirling
energy of a hurricane is centered at its imploding vortex core.

A spinning magnetic field (vortex) affects the most mysterious force field of
gravity. Gravity is more than simple attraction.  It is orientation.



The human brain is more complex than anything man can comprehend.  In our
memories we can recall past events, in color, black & white and even
technicolor.  We can recalls sounds, smells, still pictures and in motion, of
faces long stilled, hear voices long quieted.



Our dreams are vivid spectacles, sometimes frightening but also pictures of
places and past events and make-believe scenes.  How can the brain do it?  It
has no lens, no film, no camera, no projector, but it replays pictures, moving
and still, with little difficulty?

Most of us are operating on roughly 5% brain capacity (which is all we need to
survive).



The language of the soul and subconscious is comprised of symbols and holograms.


Vedic Tantra is about powerful cosmic symbols and highly accurate measuring
holograms.  Sri Yantra which contains the elusive theory of everything is a
Tantric symbol. Don't listen to the white man's propaganda that it is about sex
or bullshit occult.


 Iwillpostsoononthis.





Thoughts, attitudes, concepts, decisions, alignments, agreements, polarized
struggles -- all of thought – are constructed holographically in the brain.
These higher brain functions contain memory of everything that can possibly be
known, including soul memory (past-life memory).



Quantum coherence means that subatomic particles are able to cooperate. These
subatomic waves or particles not only know about each other , but are also
highly interlinked by bands of common scalar fields, so that they can
communicate together. They are like a multitude of tuning forks that all begin
resonating together. As the waves get into phase of sync, they begin acting like
one giant wave and one giant subatomic particle. It becomes difficult to tell
them apart.

Many of the weird quantum effects seen in a single wave apply to the whole.
Something done to one of them will affect the others, coherence establishes
communication,  some sort of collective vibration was responsible for getting
proteins to cooperate with each other and carry out instructions of DNA and
cellular proteins.


Once energy reaches a certain threshold, molecules begin to vibrate in unison,
until they reach a level of coherence. The moment molecules reach this state of
coherence , they take on certain qualities of of quantum mechanics incl non
locality. They get to the point where they can operate in tandem.

Each molecule in the universe had a unique frequency and the language it used to
speak to the world was a resonating wave. Molecules speak to each other in
oscillating frequencies. The ZPF creates a medium enabling the molecules to
speak to each other non locally and virtually instantaneously.



Electrons glide easily along light pipes without getting entangles in their
environment, or settling into any set single state. This means they can remain
in quantum state, a condition of all possible states, enabling the brain
eventually to finally choose among them. This is free will. At every moment our
brains are making quantum choices, taking potential states and making them
actual ones.

Newton's classical physics has set mankind back by many decades. In ignoring the
effect of ZPF they had eliminated the possibility of interconnectedness and
obscured a scientific explanation for many kinds of miracles.

An electron is not a precise entity, but exists as a potential.—a
superimposition or sum of all possibilities until we observe or measure it at
which point the electron freezes into a particular state. Once we are through
looking or measuring the electron dissolves back into the ether of all
possibilities. One of the fundamental laws of quantum physics says that an event
in the subatomic world exists in all possible states until the act of observing
or measuring freezes it or pins it down to a single state. This process is
technically known as the collapse of the wave function where wave function means
the state of all possibilities.


Reality is created by each of us only by our attention.

On the subatomic level—mind is over matter.


"After the conversations about Indian philosophy, some of the ideas of Quantum
Physics that had seemed so crazy suddenly made much more sense."  - W.
Heisenberg (German Physicist, 1901-1976)
********************************************************************************
QUANTUM CONSCIOUSNESS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THIS IS THE MOST IMPORTANT PIECE YOU WILL EVER READ IN YOUR LIVES-- SPREAD IT
AROUND, IF YOU LIKE IT--  ONLY TO PEOPLE WHO ARE WORTH IT.


The ancient Vedic rishis in all their wisdom said as early as 8000 BC , that our
universe is not woven from  matter but consciousness .

These seers and channels with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands said,
that the universal laws are clear, your attitude about your life will shape it.

They said that the entire universe emerged from thoughts.  Now the double slit
experiment tells clearly that as per  quantum physics  you cant have a universe
without mind entering into it, and the mind is actually shaping the very things
that is perceived.

Your current thoughts are shaping your future life When you visualise you
generate powerful thoughts and feelings of having it now.

The law of attraction returns that reality exactly  as you saw it in your mind.
Matter, energy and consciousness are interchangeable .

There are connections between quantum mechanics and consciousness .
Consciousness is the intelligence, the organising principle behind the arising
of form. The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention and
desire.

Self acceptance is the key to a higher consciousness and more attractive energy.
Maturity is deep trust in your own consciousness. We see incredible order and
harmony and pattern which no accident can produce. The image of the human being
is contained within the microscopic DNA strands of the fertilised egg in the
womb. Consciousness is the  intelligent force that started the blueprint which
ultimately manifested itself as a particular form.

Animals express consciousness through instinct.  Humans , in addition to
instinct we possess the highest quality of consciousness, --self awareness. Self
awareness or reflective thought is thus the difference between animals and
humans. Reflection is the power to turn one’s consciousness upon oneself, to
know oneself and especially to know that one knows..  maths , physics,
philosophy , astronomy etc is due to man’s unique ability to reflect inwardly.

The expanded abilities of self awareness is abstract reasoning, free will,
creativity, foresight etc.   Our culture is oriented towards reducing one’s self
awareness rather than expanding it. After the ancient Vedic rishis, it is the
flower children ( hippies ) of the sixties , who took on big brother and tried
to expand it.

Most people never raise their consciousness much above that of the beast and the
spark of divinity within them remains dormant the whole of their lives .
Perception occurs in the gap of alert attention. This is the inner space. When
you visit new places , the experiencing and sense perception takes up more of
their consciousness than thinking .

There is a consciousness in every molecule of matter. Realm of no mind—is pure
consciousness. You can create a gap in the mind stream simply by directing the
focus of your attention into the NOW. Consciousness enables us to think and at
the same time observe our thinking process.

The brain without consciousness is inert and lifeless.  Consciousness is a form
of matter just as matter is a form of consciousness. All atoms in the entire
universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms. Our
consciousness is a cosmic DVD player.

Biology is a quantum process All the processes in the body including cell
communications were triggered by quantum fluctuations, and all higher brain
functions and consciousness also appeared at the quantum level.

On the subatomic level—mind is over matter. The brain and DNA is governed by the
laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology.

An act of simple observation as shown in the double slit experiment is an action
of consciousness—as exponded in the Vedas.. A “particle” observation would
momentarily “freeze” the molecules’ positions, resulting in the appearance of
thought. Another complementary “wave” observation where the proteins remained
unobserved would produce changes in the energy of these waves, resulting in the
arousal of feelings. Thus feelings and thoughts would show the same type of
duality as waves and particles.

Can you ever get a  dumb computer to intuitively assess the truth in a subtle
argument or see the humor in a joke, to feel the emotional impact of music,
philosophize about the meaning of life, or come up with counter intuitive
solutions to unfamiliar problems? It is possible to make conscious computers
using the divine language Sanskrit and DNA strand wiring.

Your Soul controls your mind . Our separation from each other is an optical
illusion of consciousness. . Quantum coherent properties have been observed in
biological systems . Quantum coherence in the microtubules of every cell is  the
key to consciousness..

Scalar waves is the point of fundamental intersection where matter and
consciousness  influence each other. Kundalini is the cellular expression of
energy generated from the ZPF and this is why Kundalini exhibits  psychic and
trans-temporal effects. Scalar waves can be used in  “precursor engineering” and
can be coupled with intention and consciousness, and be used for healing  and
also to bring back the immune system in a previous blue print state.

Most modern people are stressed and harassed by their racing minds, which chase
them around in the daytime like chattering monkeys and keeps them awake at
night. Negative thoughts therefore create negative feelings and hence stress and
illness. Our inner voice evaluates, judges, compares and worries. Most people
live with such a tormentor in their head draining them of energy. It is an awful
burden not to be able to stop thinking . Up to 90 % of most people’s thoughts
are meaningless playbacks of old “records” .

India there is the ancient tradition of the enlightened sage, the one who breaks
free of ordinary human conditioning and attains a state called "awakening By
various means such as deep meditation or by pure devotion, or by the control and
understanding of the mind these historical figures broke through into universal
consciousness itself, and beyond that even, into the pure awareness of the
absolute. They experienced a quantum leap and a arrived a state that cannot be
defined and described. People simply called them the enlightened ones—like
Buddha . Stream of consciousness is a flow of thoughts inwardly expressed,
similar to a soliloquy.

Chanting the Vedic King mantra OM raises your vibration to a higher
consciousness, and it clears the channel for intuition..which are messages from
your unconscious mind making contact with your consciousness.


OM opens up quantum tunneling, where the wormholes do NOT have a speed of light
restriction.


Cosmic consciousness is the concept that the universe is a living superorganism
with which animals, including humans, interconnect, and form a collective
consciousness which spans the cosmos. Cosmic Consciousness lies in a mystic
state above and beyond Self-consciousness, which is an acute sense of self-
awareness.

Consciousness is not limited to the brain. The other chakras in our body are
also conscious. ( I will be posting on chakras soon ) They express it through
intelligent communication with other chakras, exchanging information energies .

Our billions of cells and DNA have memories that influence our behaviour and
traits. Consciousness is a universal attribute of creation.  DNA can never die.
It merely changing its structure and appearance into a cavalcade of living
beings. If we stare back down this ‘great chain of being’, we see a continuous
process of spiritual evolution. This is something Darwin will never understand ,
as he did not have the intelligence .


The classical physics of Newton takes a material perspective in which the
Universe is composed of discrete building blocks, solid and unchangeable.
Quantum physics takes a spiritual perspective in which there are no separate
parts, in which everything is fluid and always changing.

After stupid Newton and party divorced spirit and classical science this planet
is faced now with the question of how to promote the ascension of consciousness
to higher levels of existence amongst the entire world population. With quantum
physics, science is leaving behind the notion that human beings are powerless
victims and moving toward an understanding that we are fully empowered creators
of our lives and of our world.

With Newton, we were insignificant cogs in the Universal Machinery. With quantum
physics, we are Creators of the Universe. Yin is formlessness; yang is form.
Each contains the seed of the other. Yin and yang are conscious of each other,
they are consciousness. Consciousness and existence each have a dual yin-yang
structure in which form and formlessness alternate. . The brain does not create
consciousness, but consciousness created the brain.

When you do Pranayama and are conscious of your breath you are absolutely
PRESENT. You cannot think and be aware of your breathing. Conscious breathing
stops the mind. But far from being in  a trance or half asleep you are fully
awake and highly alert. You are not falling below thinking, you are rising above
it.

NUM MYOHO RENGHE KHYU is a powerful Buddhist Mantra ( as per Karma and the laws
of the Universe )  , which will shape your consciousness.

Fields of conscousness are called M fields –morpogenetic. Just like
electromagnetic and gravitational fields.


When you chant the Vedic king Mantra OM—your acoustic energy amplifies your
electromagnetic vibrations.


"After the conversations about Indian philosophy, some of the ideas of Quantum
"Physics that had seemed so crazy suddenly made much more sense.  - W.
"Heisenberg (German Physicist, 1901-1976)



Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang
).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum
possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles, we call the cosmic dance of
Shiva from either side of the Quantum screen... Together they express the great
void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to
perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands (
body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by
Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the oceans
for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. The
amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar
knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine LSD--
rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk
DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and
achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are
accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland
is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this
hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in
the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for
Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep,
while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC
raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-
beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of
life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been
measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers,
regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can
vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT
is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a
psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become
active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline
burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant
observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have
too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were
NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its
mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND
LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the
quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and
Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16,
just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT
trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume
Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you
have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters
your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern
mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh
Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of
each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT
external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to
produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now
degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis
, can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life
use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third
eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas
will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the
third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2
strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil


LET ME END WITH A 7000 YEAR OLD VEDIC INVOCATION IN SANSKRIT-- GRACE AND PEACE!
********************************************************************************
THE NAIVE SAILOR, MAGIC PIPES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


In my 28 years of command , I have NOT yet seen a chief engineer , who did NOT
have problems with his ER ODMCS-- on a old ship, with HO in bilges.

Portable magic pipes for pumping oil ( should have been via ODMCS ) and HO
sludge ( should have been incinerated ) overboard  have put many poor chief
engineers in jail.

We all know that there are many FIXED magic pipes in ER , starting with the huge
emergency bilge suction in the ER bilges to each and every seawater cooler
connected to the GS pump.

ER oil can thus be pumped via the hawse pipe or the SW cooler overboards--
without labouring over portable magic pipes.

Instead of threatening and jailing the poor Chief engineer , who has taken over
from where someone else left off,  it is the duty of the owners to make life
simpler on board.

here is the text of an actual message i sent to my company on this issue--




gentlemen,

we get so embroiled in ACTIVITY TRAPS ( powered by external office audits ) ---

--  that REAL WORK and the purpose of ship ( to carry  cargo from A to B and
make moolah for owners ) is usually forgotten.

let me talk about ENGINE ROOM ODMCS

Generally I find lot of ignorance with ER ODMCS handling,  due to which mistakes
are made.

In hiding these stupid mistakes crimes are born.  This  results in ER ODMCS
phobia, which is such a simple apparatus indeed.

Unlike CCR ODMCS which has several limitations  like 30 litres/ n mile , where
flow rate and ships speed is  amalgamated , 1/30000 DWT limit etc - -  ER ODMCS
is solely concerned with PPM ( 15 ) and can be pumped out anywhere unless
special area/ local regulations don’t permit.

However flow rate is indeed important to reduce emulsion,  so pumps used are
NEVER centrifugal.

Unless the weak points of ODMCS are understood- PREVENTION and  PREDICTIVE
MAINTENANCE  can never be done.

Cure is usually done by changing coalscer filter  cartridges and calling
technicians which is an expensive procedure.

Engine bilges contain THREE layers. 1) Top layer-floating oil 2) Middle layer -
emulsion 3) Bottom layer-sludge and solid particles.


EMULSION cannot be handled by any ODMCS  on  this planet -it will use the 15 ppm
option and stop the flow overboard. This is the reason why in CCR eductors are
never used to discharge via ODMCS. Bubbles of air in pure water will read as
oil.

Emulsion layer TWO in bilges in increased by:-- --air compressors drain blow
--air bottles blow down --boiler blow down which has additives --detergents used
for cleaning --chemicals used for cleaning and as CW additives --light oils used
for cleaning --bacteria build up from additives and gas oils

Sloshing caused by ship ROLLING causes top and  bottom layers to merge into
middle emulsion layer. Even internal leakages in bilge pump can cause
emulsification.

Criminal wastage of budget money by frequent change  of super expensive coalscer
filter ( which makers with  ulterior motives encourage ) can be eliminated by
using the following preventive methods.

1) The first PERMANENT filter must always be a T  type strainer for solids . It
is cleaned by rotating the handle  DURING operation - whereby solids are removed
from  bottom by opening a ball valve for few seconds.

2) The second filter must always be a plate type PERMANENT  coarse oil filter ,
which discharges the oil automatically.

3) The third filter must be a EMULSION BREAKER chamber.  You get these coloured
stones in the market ( very cheap ).  The stones can be renewed if required.

4) The fourth filter must be a PERMANENT stainless steel and  glass
fibrecoalscer, to remove fine oil . It is cleaned by steam.

5) The fifth filter is ALWAYS a  REPLACEABLE filter coalscer  cartridge which
removes low micron oil to come to less than  15 ppm ( costs a fortune in USA ) .
It is protected from  unnecessary ( budget wasting ) replacement by filters 1 2
3  and 4.

MOST IMPORTANT:  when ODMCS has NOT been  operated for a while , first use clean
sea water to flush away biochemical reaction sediments in the filters . Once the
clean water passes through to sea "unchallenged"--- only then change over to
oily water from BOT.

Most yard deliveries don’t have filters 1 and 3- --  it is in the interest of
the ship to install it in an effective and proactive manner- to be pound wise,
till ship goes for scrap.

Visiting superintendents MUST inspect this arrangement  and include it in their
VIR.

Incinerators on new ships must have excess capacity , 50% extra, over marpol
mandated rules. Incinerator  manufacturers do NOT give guarantee for refractory.

Refractory gets damaged in the first week due to excess use.

Think about it--
********************************************************************************
THE PAIN -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

This piece is for future poets who want to carve a niche for themselves on this
planet.

Poetry is the flow of intense thoughts— otherwise it is NOT poetry.

It need not rhyme , unless you are writing it as a nursery rhyme for little
children to sing along. Once you start reading poetry you will NOT be able to
stop.  And finally when you do stop, you will feel something inside your heart—
if it is good poetry.



Love and nostalgia take very little effort to make that impact.

Gone are the days of Victorian bombardment. An ordinary man on the street can
write good poetry. Good poetry means 90% of the people both erudite and
illiterate who read it will be impressed.

The remaining 10% misanthropes of this planet , who need something other than
poetry to get impressed, please excuse.





The phone is still- it means you are happy elsewhere

how i waited everyday for the soft ring of your call

to recapture a dream we built-  to re-kindle a fire

did you not look deep into my eyes and make a promise?

your silence hurts - your nothingness stuns- darling--

I'm still runnin' reasons though my head - why not?

maybe you have a twinkle in your eyes for someone else

a new heart hidden in your back pocket to play with

you would rather have me believe that fate ran its course

the same fate which from opposite ends of a lifetime

deposited you in my arms to trade blushes and kisses

my mind's vein has bled white into the attic of memory

the joy of lovin' you is fast clotting into a red blur

the world has become my tomb , never to trust again

still you can trust me not to ruin your new rainbow

despite all this pain, i wonder -  could there be a reason?
********************************************************************************
HEART OF STONE-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This piece is for future poets who want to carve a niche for themselves on this
planet.

Poetry is the flow of intense thoughts— otherwise it is NOT poetry.

It need not rhyme , unless you are writing it as a nursery rhyme for little
children to sing along. Once you start reading poetry you will NOT be able to
stop.  And finally when you do stop, you will feel something inside your heart—
if it is good poetry.



Love and nostalgia take very little effort to make that impact.

Gone are the days of Victorian bombardment. An ordinary man on the street can
write good poetry. Good poetry means 90% of the people both erudite and
illiterate who read it will be impressed.

The remaining 10% misanthropes of this planet , who need something other than
poetry to get impressed, please excuse.







My little world now beats dead

like the drum slackened and broken

the same magical stars of those nights

mow prick and taunt my swollen eyes

i remember the night you left while i slept

i bleed myself on the sharp edge of that night

i had welcomed only you, into my soul

then how is that you failed to read

the eyes of a woman who loved only you

even if it is for one last time

even if it is to hurt and torment me

even if i have to endure the fresh scent

of the woman from whose embrace you come

could you please come back , just once

i must fill up my aching veins and pores

with your magic just once more

and after i die could you carve my name

on the hardest of all monuments

yes, captain-  on your heart of stone.
********************************************************************************
HEART SHAPED PENDANT -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

This piece is for future poets who want to carve a niche for themselves on this
planet.

Poetry is the flow of intense thoughts— otherwise it is NOT poetry.

It need not rhyme , unless you are writing it as a nursery rhyme for little
children to sing along. Once you start reading poetry you will NOT be able to
stop.  And finally when you do stop, you will feel something inside your heart—
if it is good poetry.



Love and nostalgia take very little effort to make that impact.

Gone are the days of Victorian bombardment. An ordinary man on the street can
write good poetry. Good poetry means 90% of the people both erudite and
illiterate who read it will be impressed.

The remaining 10% misanthropes of this planet , who need something other than
poetry to get impressed, please excuse.






You ran into my life with girlish glee

smilin' , blushing - yet excitingly bold

the wonderful gift i have always sought

as the brightest star in my private heaven

even when we fought, you said "i love you"

in your sweet special touching way



how time stood still last valentine's day

being two, feeling one, moments so rare

you have schemes for a path we ought to share

a sweet distant spot you make me hunger for

anxious you were to walk the path with me

but not to find the distant magic spot too soon



a heart shaped promise ring silver pendant

still over on my chest hurts my poor heart so

i am amazed at the way love can be canned

i realise how far behind you have left me

to dance your freedom far away from me

darling-  what forced you to destroy me so?
********************************************************************************
PORTRAITS IN THE SKY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This piece is for future poets who want to carve a niche for themselves on this
planet.

Poetry is the flow of intense thoughts— otherwise it is NOT poetry.

It need not rhyme , unless you are writing it as a nursery rhyme for little
children to sing along.

Once you start reading poetry you will NOT be able to stop.  And finally when
you do stop, you will feel something inside your heart— if it is good poetry.



Love and nostalgia take very little effort to make that impact.

Gone are the days of Victorian bombardment. An ordinary man on the street can
write good poetry. Good poetry means 90% of the people both erudite and
illiterate who read it will be impressed.

The remaining 10% misanthropes of this planet , who need something other than
poetry to get impressed, please excuse.





The last time we bid adieu, your pupils dilated

time stood still as we stood forlorn

feeling the distance grow, feeling so empty

this sight etched on the canvas of my mind

i painted our portraits in the great blue sky

i have waited with a myriad of rainbow dreams

my poor heart needing, waiting, hoping, aching

backin' and sidling , hurting my ribs-- dying

how quickly you have made me just another face

a someone to be taken for granted, an old shoe

darling my heart refuses to believe my head

that our romance was meticulously planned

unlike the fickle bee , who sucks honey

and flies away to rape another-- only at random

every time i remember the only girl i ever loved

i add one more, fresh gaping whip wound

searing me mind at mach3 , spurting blood

my senses numbed i am unable to write sense

when once my pen was that gushing fountainhead

my subconscious mind, the proud trident you knew

lies unharnessed, crushed, unable to help or heal

now, that i have learnt to package love from you

time is not far when i must set myself free

with steady resolute fingers remove and discard

a treasured heart shaped pendant from my chest

usher in by the hundreds all pretty women i had kept at bay

allow them to feel the passion which i had kept aside

for you-- the girl who had looked into my eyes

and promised to love me for ever and for ever!
********************************************************************************
AGONY OF THE CAPTAIN'S DAUGHTER -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

This piece is for future poets who want to carve a niche for themselves on this
planet.

Poetry is the flow of intense thoughts— otherwise it is NOT poetry.

It need not rhyme , unless you are writing it as a nursery rhyme for little
children to sing along. Once you start reading poetry you will NOT be able to
stop.  And finally when you do stop, you will feel something inside your heart—
if it is good poetry.



Love and nostalgia take very little effort to make that impact.

Gone are the days of Victorian bombardment. An ordinary man on the street can
write good poetry. Good poetry means 90% of the people both erudite and
illiterate who read it will be impressed.

The remaining 10% misanthropes of this planet , who need something other than
poetry to get impressed, please excuse.





THIS IS A TRUE STORY -----

ma, it has started snowin' outside and it's cold and windy on deck rohit has
been chipping since morning he's covered with snow and wet with spray ma-- why
should he be workin' outside when everybody else is warm and cosy inside

darlin', he has been punished by the mate for doing something , he shouldn't
have done

( she runs to the day room and confronts her father )

dad, give orders NOW to stop this punishment! darling, he's all right , dont you
worry like this sailors are tough, they can handle this weather dad, what type
of captain are you? i am ashamed of you-- no-- stay away from me

( upset, she runs up to the bridge and confronts the mate )

uncle, why are you punishing poor rohit so? cant you see he is not properly
clothed? he might fall sick-- why-- he might even die!

( her big blue eyes are now brimming with tears )

beti, i will tell him to come back as soon as it gets dark

( the tears dry up suddenly-- her eyes flash fire )

mr. mate-- don't you ever "beti" me again I'm going on deck and taking him
inside the mast house my woolen skirt will cover us both my warm body will thaw
his frozen fingers

tell ma, not to look for me till it is dark!



CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL ..

( Young 17 year old Cadet Rohit, was being punished by the Mate with Captain's
permission. The mate was livid, as he had barged into the sauna room, where he
and his newly wedded wife were making love in the steam. Rohit should have seen
the slippers outside, it was deemed to be deliberate. The captains 15 year old
half Russian daughter was totally infatuated with the cadet and decides to rebel
)
********************************************************************************
UNFOLDING CANVASSES -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This piece is for future poets who want to carve a niche for themselves on this
planet.

Poetry is the flow of intense thoughts— otherwise it is NOT poetry.

It need not rhyme , unless you are writing it as a nursery rhyme for little
children to sing along. Once you start reading poetry you will NOT be able to
stop.  And finally when you do stop, you will feel something inside your heart—
if it is good poetry.



Love and nostalgia take very little effort to make that impact.

Gone are the days of Victorian bombardment. An ordinary man on the street can
write good poetry. Good poetry means 90% of the people both erudite and
illiterate who read it will be impressed.

The remaining 10% misanthropes of this planet , who need something other than
poetry to get impressed, please excuse.




as i unfold the canvasses of my mind you paint as flash of red in the millin'
crowd



my hurried steps missed its gait whether i was comin' or goin' for a minute i
knew not nor cared

(my friends cried " hurry up ajit, or we miss the 0942 train")

i sensed keen scrutiny in your peripheral vision i saw disdain. it pricked me to
the core your dazzling beauty was a cage around you for mere mortals of the
likes of me it clearly meant , no entrance at all entranced , i turned back to
watch you pass your poised gait had gained some bounce fashion aisle style ,
like on FTV aaha!  was it for my benefit? or-- was i only dreaming?

i knew , when you stopped , and turned back and your smoulderin' dark eyes
burned into mine time stood still-- i even forgot to breathe it was love at
first sight for us both in the milling crowd!
********************************************************************************
ME AND MY HARLEY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

This piece is for future poets who want to carve a niche for themselves on this
planet.

Poetry is the flow of intense thoughts— otherwise it is NOT poetry.

It need not rhyme , unless you are writing it as a nursery rhyme for little
children to sing along. Once you start reading poetry you will NOT be able to
stop.  And finally when you do stop, you will feel something inside your heart—
if it is good poetry.



Love and nostalgia take very little effort to make that impact.

Gone are the days of Victorian bombardment. An ordinary man on the street can
write good poetry. Good poetry means 90% of the people both erudite and
illiterate who read it will be impressed.

The remaining 10% misanthropes of this planet , who need something other than
poetry to get impressed, please excuse.




This is a poem i wrote for a wildcat. She was the only woman Harley Davidson
rider those days. Her huge bike did NOT have a pillion seat , and she would give
me a fast ride through town ( apparently she knew the cops ) --and would NOT
slow down when i got scared. She would say--the bike will get spoilt.

She introduced me to the spirited burly men riders , who treated their bikes
with such respect -- i have never seen anything like this before.

She was going for the Harley riders convention--and she told me that she would
be the only woman rider in the whole of USA.  She wanted me to write a poem , to
recite at the convention and make a SPLASH! ( she was so pretty and vivacious  ,
she would have been the cynosure of all eyes anyway! )

i am penning down the ABRIDGED version-- for i had gone on and on -- about the
pulsating strength between her legs --

(Only at the end of the poem , would all know that the subject is NOT a man but
(a Harley Davidson bike.)

cant do that here on my blog site -- as i must respect women readers and young
children.



my love-- you make my life's honest labours worthwhile

our beautiful relationship is the best dimension of our life

i can think of you and smile no matter how rough my day gets

you inspired me to pursue ideals that are true and real like you

you taught me the way to live life and let my spirit roam free

you gave me the strength to believe in myself and take charge

you encouraged me and filled me up with happiness and passion

you thrill me when i ride your huge powerful pulsating strength

XXXXXX ( censored !!--- khainchi !! )  XXXXXXXX

when i first saw you i could feel the magic bond to be between us

i won't keep a pillion seat - i can't imagine someone else straddling you

as long as my heart feels, Harley Davidson, you will be me only true love
********************************************************************************
THE CRUEL MASTER ON MY DREAMS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This piece is for future poets who want to carve a niche for themselves on this
planet.

Poetry is the flow of intense thoughts— otherwise it is NOT poetry.

It need not rhyme , unless you are writing it as a nursery rhyme for little
children to sing along. Once you start reading poetry you will NOT be able to
stop.  And finally when you do stop, you will feel something inside your heart—
if it is good poetry.



Love and nostalgia take very little effort to make that impact.

Gone are the days of Victorian bombardment. An ordinary man on the street can
write good poetry. Good poetry means 90% of the people both erudite and
illiterate who read it will be impressed.

The remaining 10% misanthropes of this planet , who need something other than
poetry to get impressed, please excuse.







She kisses me and pulls me in, my favourite fish she would cook

more dulcet words she lisps, let's eat first and make love later

i -- who had never betrayed the trust of even a pariah dog or bird

wait eagerly to be regaled, ensconsed between fresh soft sheets

i fall into slumber and dream of flowers blossoming at dawn

her attractive smiling face , i see , in each one of them

she finished the cookin'  fast, but watches till i smile in my sleep

giving a mordant smirk, she selects a sheet of paper from many

with sure celerity lifts a tongue of flame , from the same fire

and torches me alive. her derisive laughter fanning the flames

she does not bother to tie me up-- she trusts me not to hurt her

as i dance macaber in sheer agony. she relishes all the fish alone

i lock my eyes into here-- she spits a fish bone into my eye in odium

when my skull bursts phosphorescent, her eyes close in orgasm

she shreds the rest of my love letters to bits, opens the window

and scatters them into the ridges of the wind, in diabolical glee

to guide another handsome man, to her island of love --
********************************************************************************
THE NAIVE SAILOR , SINKING SHIPS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


HRU AND SLAMMING

In the seventies , around 400 bulk carriers sank.  I was a junior officer those
days.

In any other industry there would have been hell to pay.  On a concorde aircraft
if the passenger in the first class section spilt some wine ( because he was
drunk ) on his suit,  the next day many important powers would be personally
apologising to him.

Sailors are expendable. Who cares? The persons ashore who are supposed to
protect us , as busy saving their own chairs.

Theoretically 800 life rafts should have been floating for one month, having
auto released themselves via the HRU.

first--

Why did the 400 odd bulk carriers sink?

I have attended many seminars where the stupid speakers ( fresh water navigators
all ) go on an on , about fast loading, bull dozers hitting hold bulkheads,
grabs hitting coamings, waves washing away the hatch covers etc etc.

Nobody talks about slamming.

On the ballast passage if the Chief officer has NOT flooded the midship hold (
heavy weather ballast ), the bows will have less draft, and will slam.

When the ship slams , the whole ship flexes severely . The periodic motion is
called springing.

When the ship's forward part takes off into the air and comes down crashing  ,
microscopic cracks develop all over-- as welds are NOT elastic.

On the next iron ore passage , where the racking stresses are high and the ship
is stiff, the ship sinks-- usually.

All bulk carrier men , place your hands on your hearts and tell yourself that
you have always ballasted the midship hold in the ballast passage in rough
weather-- you just cant-- don't even bother to lie to yourself.

When i was a Chief officer i had written to many classification societies, about
having MINIMUM BOW HEIGHT endorsed in the stability books.

The master must not come under pressure from his chief engineer, to sacrifice
bow height for propeller immersion. One compromises the other.

Why then did the life rafts not release as SOLAS meant.

Th reason is that all stupid training houses taught you to tie up the painter to
a strong point on the ship. This was pounded into your head , right?

Now--when your ship is sinking and you are releasing the life raft manually, why
should you bypass the critical safety devise , the HRU?

pray?

prithee?

THE HRU IS THE STRONG POINT!

At least for the past 10 years , the shore training houses have got this right.

The weak link must part , by the pull of the INFLATED tent. When you throw the
liferaft overboard and the while valise ( shell ) is towed behind for a while
due to the ship's forward momentum, the pull must NOT come on the weak link.

Even today most of the HRU's are of very bad design. The most common one used
the the west, uses a sharp blade to cut the painter--bwhen the HRU goes about 3
metres below the water.

Cut a tough painter, by constant sharp steel blade pressure  !  right?!!! ( why
don't you try this out manually! )

Why do we have "serrated" knives nowadays, even to cut soft bread or cabbage ?



Here is is true email I sent from one of my ships---



A05948  Fri, 25 Dec XXX 02:25 From: XXX - Master

Date: Friday, December 25, XXX 2:23 AM Msg: A05948-103541 Path: \XXX - Master\
Sub : XXX/  XXX MENTAL BLOCK Attach: HRU MENTAL BLOCKS.pdf

gentlemen,

XXX themselves have got their act together -- long after they came into the
market -- after a young ball of fire ( quenched few years ago ) personally
blasted them --

for in the 70's hundreds of bulkcarrier with hundreds of lives lost --

twice that number of liferaft tents should have floated for atleast 30 days on
the sea -- NONE EVER DID FLOAT --

on almost all ships initially the XXX HRU and others too -- was connected wrong
--

such a simple elementary condition-- YET-- all genuises get mental blocks --

mental block?

why dont you take this small COMMONSENSE test yourself ? --

-- (  one hundred percent -- of 1st day on board cadets/ ordinary seamen are
-- (  supposed to know this )



1) ONLY THE INFLATED TENT BUOYANCY  , WITH SHIP SUNK UNDER THE WATER MUST BREAK
THE WEAKLINK.--( this means ship is sunk )

2) THE UNINFLATED WHITE SHELL/ VALISE SHALL NOT BREAK THE WEAKLINK -- NOR EXERT
PULL ON IT. ( this means that uninflated life raft is thrown into ships wake
with ship moving ahead with-- say--3 knots momentum and windforce 10 waves
battering the white egg shell )

3) THE PAINTER MUST BE TIED TO A STRONG POINT -- WHICH IS ON THE HRU ITSELF--NOT
SHIP'S STRUCTURE.

4) WHILE LAUNCHING MANUALLY --WITH PAINTER TIED TO THE STRONG POINT-- THE SAFETY
OF HRU SHALL NOT BE BYPASSED ( CRITICAL PERIOD ).

HINTS : to convert 1% pass into 50% pass--

5) THE PAINTER SHALL NOT BE TIED TO THE "FIXED TO SHIP" PART OF HRU ( the part
which sinks with ship to bottom of ocean )  .

6) THE WEAKLINK SHALL NOT BE TIED TO "FLOAT AWAY"  PART OF HRU.( the part which
will be connected to floating liferaft tent with happy surviving sailors inside
)

7) THERE HAS TO BE A FIRM HANDSHAKE BETWEEN THE PAINTER AND WEAKLINK -- TILL THE
SHIP SINKS COUPLE OF BELOW THE SEA LEVEL -- AND THEY DECIDE TO PART WAYS --

8) THE WEIGHT OF THE UNINFLATED LIFERAFT BEING TOWED IN THE WAKE OF THE STOPPED
SHIP WITH AHEAD MOMENTUM ( Item 2 ) SHALL BE FULLY TAKEN BY THE PAINTER AND THE
HRU.



found out what you are worth?

ADVISE:

IF THE LIFE RAFT INFLATES ANY TIME DURING ADVERSE CONDITION NO 8 -- HAMMAR HRU
CANT TAKE THE PULL STRAIN OF THE TENT -- THE PAINTER MUST IMMEDIATELY BE TIED ON
THE SHIPS STRUCTURE TO AVOID LOSING THE LIFERAFT --
  
thanks and best regards

capt ajit vadakayil master mt.XXX

" re-inventing team dynamics-- where time and energy is always made, for things
which matter "
********************************************************************************
CYMATICS VIDEO -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This video must be seen after reading my post  POWER OF MANTRAS ON HUMAN
CONSCIOUSNESS , dated Jan 14th 2011.

All the people who smirked and ridiculed the ancient Vedic Mantras-- will become
believers.

The king mantra OM produces the Sri Yantra on cymatics --Sri Yantra contains the
theory of everything.


OM mantra is the trigger to quantum tunneling.  DNA is a superconductor that
stores light at body temperature, and can create magnetic wormholes in ZPF ..
Microtubules and axional membranes are also hollow cylinders.  The lifted
version of AMEN ( instead of OM or AUM ) does nothing-- yes take this from me .

Read my post (  dated March 8th , 2010 )  SRI YANTRA 108 AND THE THEORY OF
EVERYTHING
********************************************************************************
MY COUSIN VINNY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Right now i am at Chennai doing a 2 week re validation course , for my Master's
certificate of competency.

I stay at Breeze hotel which is at a walking distance from the college-- a good
one ( expensive too ).

While down on the massage chair at the gym, i saw some scenes of the Hollywood
movie " My cousin Vinny ".  ( This chair gives a lovely lower back knead -- this
pain has pleasure in it! .   This gym also has 20 kilo dumbbells , which i
prefer - reason for my obscene biceps )

This is my most favourite movie. It is a hilarious low budget movie which is
worth seeing again and again.  Joe Pesci and Marisa Thomei were outstanding.

When i first saw this priceless movie , it made a deep impression on me, which
in a way has moulded my character.

Two young New Yorker boys are charged with man slaughter in hilly billy rural
Ala- fuckin' -Bama  -- for a crime they never did.  Joe Pesci , who has never
contested a case , is a lawyer related to one of the boys.  He meets them in
jail and asked them " Did you kill the store clerk?".

When the boys said NO!--he tells them ( to this effect ) .

" -- if you have not done the crime, then the prosecution will try to show that
" -- you did it.  Their case is like a building which they will try to show the
" -- judge and jury as real and solid -- while actually it is just a facade . I
" -- am smart enough to expose the illusion from the right angle and perspective
" -- "

This is the meaning of wisdom, ladies and gentlemen!

Think about it!

ONE OF THE PRICELESS DIALOGUES--





Vinny Gambini [to the jury] Hey, how ya doin'?  [to witness]  Vinny Gambini: Mr.
Crane, what are these pictures of?  Ernie Crane: My house and stuff.  Vinny
Gambini: House and stuff. And what is this brown stuff on your window.  Ernie
Crane: Dirt.  Vinny Gambini: Dirt. And what is this rusty, dusty, dirty looking
thing that's covering your window?  Ernie Crane: That's a screen.  Vinny
Gambini: A screen! It's a screen. And what are these really big things that are
right in the middle of your view of the Sac-o-Suds and your kitchen window, what
do we call these big things?  Ernie Crane: Trees?  Vinny Gambini: Trees, that's
right, don't be afraid just shout 'em right out when you know 'em. And what are
these thousands of little things that are on trees?  Ernie Crane: Leaves. Vinny
Gambini: And these big bushy things between the trees.  Ernie Crane: Bushes.
Vinny Gambini: Bushes. So, Mr. Crane, you can positively identify the
defendants, for a moment of 2 seconds, looking through this dirty window, this
crud covered screen, all of these trees, with all of these leaves on them, and I
don't know how many bushes.  Ernie Crane: Looks like five.  Vinny Gambini: Uh,
uh, uh, don't forget, this one and this one.  Ernie Crane: Seven bushes!  Vinny
Gambini: Seven bushes. So, what do you think? Isn't possible you just saw two
guys in a green convertable and not necessarily these two particular guys? Ernie
Crane: I suppose.  Vinny Gambini: I'm finished with this guy.


-  here's another one--


Vinny Gambini: I understand you played a game of pool with Lisa for $200, which
she won. I'm here to collect.  J.T.: How 'bout if I just kick your ass?  Vinny
Gambini: Oh, a counter-offer. That's what we lawyers - I'm a lawyer - we lawyers
call that a counter-offer. This is a tough decision here. Get my ass kicked or
collect $200. Let me think... I could use a good ass-kickin', I'll be very
honest with you... nah, I think I'll just go with the two hundred.  J.T.: Over
my dead body.  Vinny Gambini: You like to renegotiate as you go along, don't
you? Well here's my counter-offer... do I have to kill you? What if I were just
to kick the ever loving shit out of you?  J.T.: In your dreams.  Vinny Gambini:
Oh no no... in reality. If I was to kick the shit out of you, do I get the
money?  J.T.: You kick the shit, out of me.  Vinny Gambini: Yeah.  J.T.: Yeah.
you get the money. Vinny Gambini: So, here are my options. Option A: I get my
ass kicked or Option B: I kick your ass and collect the 200. I think I'm gonna
go with Option B: Kickin' your ass and collecting $200. [Takes off his jacket]
J.T.: We're gonna fight now?  Vinny Gambini: Yeah. But first, show me the money.
J.T.: I have it.  Vinny Gambini: You have it, then show it to me.  J.T.: [pause]
I can get it.  Vinny Gambini: You can get it? Okay, get it. Then we'll fight.
[Takes his jacket from Lisa]
********************************************************************************
THE NAIVE SAILOR, FIRE FIGHTING -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


I have yet to see sailors reacting properly to fire at sea. Most abandon ships
and deaths / injuries at sea are due to poor training.

If you understand the fire triangle of OXYGEN--HEAT--FUEL-- it is not so
difficult.

First of all , it must be understood that fire requires oxygen. It must be
remembered that fire fighters also require oxygen--and light too.

It is stupidity to kill all ventilation and lights enmasse . It must be done
selectively whether the Master's cabin is on fire of the Galley is on fire.

Say if a galley is on fire, it is so easy to put off the electrical juice from a
tripping switch in the switchbox situated well outside. It is also easy to cut
off ventilation into the galley selectively.

If lights and airconditioning is killed enmasse, then the entire onus of
firefighting falls on 2 nervous sailors who are ill trained for the job.  When
the duo gives up, well the next solution is -- abandon ship.

All this one pull on rope for slack , three pulls to get out etc is all
bullshit.

Communications are vital.

The sailor must have a walkie talkie inside his fireman's outfit, with the
mouthpiece on his collar, so that he can press it against his throat and speak (
his face is covered by the SCBA mask). He can speak every clearly this way in a
very noisy background too. It is important for feedback and command to be on a 2
way lane.

Again the fire fighters in firemans outfit and SCBA sets must wear the mask only
at the last possible moment. Because the SCBA set contains only 1600 litres of
free air, and a hyperventilating sailor can consume the entire thing in 20
minutes flat.  Only tankers have SCBA compressors. A sailor going for a tete e
tete, does not don the condom in his cabin and walk down the gangway ashore ,
with the rubber on his wee willie winkie.  He wears it at the last possible
moment, when the girl is ready and he is ready too.

The 6 faces of the compartment on fire heats up as follows-- top face in
seconds, side faces in minutes and bottom face in hours.

So it is most important to remove all combustibles from top face and cool it
from outside by flooding a few inches or whatever.

Most engine fires are best attacked by removing the oxygen leg. Say an
economiser fire-- cut off the turbocharger suction air inlet inside the engine
room, and also the top end at the funnel . After that all you need is to keep
the boiler water circ pump running and have some patience, The fire gets killed
in seconds. No fire can burn without oxygen.

When the fire detector sensor lights up on the bridge it is important to ping
the first light with a magnet. For within minutes all smoke detector sensors
will light up.

A fine spray of water can put out most fires except a electrical fire--if the
oxygen leg job does NOT work .

To a well trained crew a fire on board is a piece of cake--he will NOT be scared
of it.  Knowledge and good communications with walkie talkie is the key ( not a
stupid rope pull )

Does a sailor get scared of a fire on his home kitchen stove?


Here is an actual email I sent to my company --


A05768  Sun, 21 Dec XXX 07:13 From: XXXXX - Master

Date: Sunday, December 21, XXX 7:09 AM Msg: A05768-66635 Path: XXXX - MASTER\
SENTBOX

gentlemen,

attached pl find the SMS report filed.

fire fighters require light and oxygen.

if the lights and air are put off enmasse ( not SELECTIVELY by a sensible roving
squad )--

then, the onus of putting off the fire comes on 2 nos ill prepared, ill educated
and frightened scba plus fireman's outfit party.

and if these 2 poor souls are NOT communicating with each other or with outside
supervisors --the fire goes out of control. most of the time they just hide in a
safe place and come out, having done NOTHING!!!!

signals like life line pulling once , thrice etc were made in the 20th century
days of fireman's outfit with limited air line length--they has to enter from a
suitable external door, as some other soul is pumping the bellow with his leg.
and the wearer has to hold the line in one hand--sensing the pull with his 5th
sense of touch.

in the 21st century--scba party enters in pairs-- through a door of their choice
--they must be in touch with each other and the external supervisors/ decision
makers-- they exit from a door of their choice---

-- BOTH MUST HAVE A WALKIE TALKIE INSIDE THEIR FIREMANS OUTFITS WITH THE  MOUTH
PIECE POSITIONED MIDWAY BEWEEN THE MOUTH AND EAR-- WHEN THEY TALK  THEY TWIST
THEIR NECK TO ONE SIDE AND PRESS THE MIKE ON THE THROAT, TO  SPEAK--AS THEIR
FACE IS COCCOONED INSIDE THE FACE MASK. THEY EVEN HAVE  TO REPORT THEIR AIR
PRESSURES IF ASKED FOR. THEY CAN BE HEARD CLEARLY  NEXT TO EXTREME MACHINERY
NOISE.

--they use one finger to press the PTT button only when required--both hands are
free--nothing is held, the hand pull the life line only to move forward .

the idea of sending 2 wearers in tandem is to help each other while escaping,
and only one goes to the danger zone , the other remains in a relatively safe
place --or to help an unconscious victim out together --

--no door can be locked from outside-- all ISPS door seals if any, MUST be
removed by a chosen person, as soon as he is head counted at the emg HQ muster
station--

the mouth piece required a hook on the boiler suit to hang!

very rarely sailors die burnt--they always get asphyxiated.

experts with limited salt spray on their lips -- holding a mouse behind a desk
in IMO , can NEVER EVER IMAGINE all these issues!--

-- so ships continue to suffer--sailors continue to lose lives--

--all for a horse shoe nail!! ( read that as a small strap between the ear and
mouth on the boiler suit )
********************************************************************************
THE NAIVE SAILOR, MAN OVERBOARD-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


It is amazing how we refuse to move with the times.

Man Overboard means , every body sings the same tune -- Williamson's turn is the
answer.

BULLSHIT!

Imagine a loaded ULCC doing hard and port and hard a stbd.

And forget about turning towards the same side he fell, to keep him away from
the ship's propeller.

How many seconds does it take for the man overboard to reach the propeller?  How
much time does it take for you to put the steering from auto to hand steering,
and put the rudder to stbd 35 degrees? And how much time will it take for the
ships stern to move away even 1 metre?.

Just do some mathematics.

There is a nice button on every blessed GPS by the name of MOB.  Just press this
as soon as the man falls overboard, and he is pinged by satellite.

Most modern radars can be put on plotter mode and you can ping him by radar
scanner too. This is in addition to the transit marks of visual MOB Lifebuoy
markers.

Both the GPS and the radar tells you what to do.

Execute a neat Scharnow turn.



The Scharnow turn is the fastest and the best when the point to be reached is
significantly further astern than the vessel's turning radius, as is always the
case.   Put the rudder over hard.  Take a wind assisted turn , to pick up
momentum.  This means with aft accommodation you will turn to port if the wind
is from your port beam --as the aft accommodation acts like a huge mizzen sail.
Don’t bother about the cardinal  response to a man overboard, ie-- put the
rudder toward the person (e.g., if the person fell over the starboard side, put
the rudder over hard to starboard). 1.     After deviating from the original
course by about 240 degrees, shift the rudder hard to the opposite side. 2. When
heading about 20 degrees short of the reciprocal course, put the rudder
amidships so that vessel will turn onto the reciprocal course. Always bring the
vessel upwind of the person. Stop the vessel in the water with the person well
forward of the ship’s propeller. If the man in the water is swimming or has held
on to the lifebuoy, try to get him grab on to a gangway net, and then up the
pilot ladder or haul him up by a small bunker davit or crane.  You cant lower
the rescue boat in rough seas. You can even use the LTA, connected to a long
heaving line, and pull him in.
********************************************************************************
PLAYING THOUGH THE BLIZZARD AT CORNELL -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL







Cornell University at Ithaca was shut down due to a blizzard on 4th March 1999,
14th Feb 2007  and again today.

My son doing his ME in computer science decided to take shelter in the piano
hall for a while-- and he conjured up PEHLA NASHA ( first love )-- a better
score than the Titanic theme.


It is a song which gives you a sweet pain on the left side of your chest--


Chaahe Tum Kuch Na Kaho, Maine Sunn Liya You don't need to say anything,  my
heart has heard

Ke Saathi Pyaar Ka, Mujhe Chunn Liya That you have chosen me as your lover

Chun Liya, Maine Sunn Liya You've chosen me-- I've heard it

Pehla Nasha, Pehla Khumaar The first elation, the first high

Naya Pyaar Hai, Naya Intezaar This love is new to me, so is this longing

Karloon Main Kya Apna Haal What will I do to myself

Ae Dil-E-Beqaraar Oh restless heart

Mere Dil-E-Beqaraar, Tu Hi Bata My restless heart, can you tell me

Udtaa Hi Phiroon Inn Hawaon Mein Kahin Shall I roam on the ridges of this wind

Ya Main Jhool Jaon Inn Ghataon Mein Kahin Or shall I swing among the clouds

Ek Kardoon Aasmaan Aur Zameen Shall I merge the sky and earth

Kaho Yaaron Kya Karoon, Kya Nahin Tell me friends, what I should do- and what i
shouldn't

Usne Baat Ki Kuch Aise Dhang Se She spoke to me in such a way

Sapne De Gaya Woh Hazaaron Rang Ke She gave me dreams in a thousand hues

Reh Jaun Jaise Main Haarke shall i continue pining this way

Aur Choome Woh Mujhe Pyaar Se Till she showers me with kisses of love


My son uses the piano session to back up information , between the RH and LH
brain lobes , the days he does NOT get REM sleep, due to the hectic Cornell
schedule.

by the way--

HAARP ( high freq active auroral research program ) of rival camps are now being
used to DOCTOR the ionosphere for military needs-- it is radio wave beaming
technology which heats up areas of the ionosphere.


HAARP is slicing up the ionosphere, the world-brain, like a microwave knife,
producing long tear incisions destroying the membrane which holds the reservoir
of data accumulated by all earth's history .

HAARP,   ELF waves vibrate at the same frequency as the human brain.


By causing many towers [HAARP, GWEN, etc.] to pulse with the exact ELF frequency
of the normal earth pulsation, scientists have learned how to not only create,
but also how to maneuver and direct storms. Tesla’s discovery can duplicate
almost every single phenomena of nature, from cyclones to tornado.

GLOBAL WARMING AND EXCESSIVE EARTHQUAKES since the past 3 years is mainly due to
Tesla technology misused for American HAARP and the Russian equivalent of
WOODPECKER.

World war 3 will be won by scalar electromagnetic weapons, EMP's and
psychotronic weapons--NOT nuclear bombs.

HAARP disrupts the entire electromagnetic shield of the planet affecting the
biosphere. Our planet is surrounded by a layer of electrically charged particles
called the ionosphere. The lower layer of the ionosphere is roughly 60-80
kilometres   from the crust,  and this charged layer reflects radio waves.
Bombardment by HAARP signals "pushes" out this boundary layer, thus altering the
natural, pulsating rhythm.

Since the ionosphere is a highly charged layer, it forms a so-called capacitor
with the Earth. This means that there is a difference in electrical potential
between the two, the Earth being negatively charged and the ionosphere being
positively charged.

This potential varies somewhat, but is around 200 volts per metre. This is a
fundamental type of electrical generator. The solar winds, interacting with the
upper atmosphere rotation, act as the collector and brushes of a generator. The
lower atmosphere can be seen as a storage battery for this gradient potential.

With the  earth's "pulse" rate  rising, and  her magnetic field strength,
declining., the field has lost most of its  intensity .

The disruption of the earth's internal dynamo, and the disruption / alteration
of the upper atmospheric magnetic belts (which constitute the external part of
the earth's natural dynamo system), can create a premature reversal of the
magnetic poles, worsen the wobble ( precession ) of the earth's spin and
possibly create a total polar reversal or earth shift.

The jet stream dumps the entire polluted smoke and muck from the newly sprung
Chinese industries on California is 3 days flat.  Rampant industrialisation of
China has shifted the Mongol high.


The weather patterns are NOT the same anymore, all over the planet.  Previously
at sea the temperate latitude depressions gave max 8 metres of wave height.  Now
we have 15 mtrs,-- such high waves and swell are associated with hurricanes and
typhoons.

Whether it is El Nino or La Nina --Australia suffers. It is drought and forest
fires with El Nino and flooding and severe cyclones with La Nina. The last
winter Olympics at Vancouver, they were manufacturing snow.

Can we not see the writing on the wall?












" DOCTORINGOR ENGINEERINGNATURE TO INCISE / HEAT THE IONOSPHERE WITH ELF WAVES
" AND ALTER THE COURSE OF THE JET STREAM , IS A DANGEROUS GAME!--


MANKIND WILL BE THE LOSER!!
********************************************************************************
THE POWER OF BLOGGING -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Like i said before, i first started blogging to re-introduce Nikola Tesla to the
world.

Super genius Tesla lit up the world with AC electricity.

Yet hardly anybody knows him, nor he was given a Nobel prize. The Vatican backed
powers buried him, as he did NOT recognize a middle man between himself and
Jesus Christ--he was Eastern Orthodox. Bitter rival Edison whose stole his
ideas, used money power to ensure that he was blanked out from history.

Before, a common man could never get his ideas across , as publishing houses and
magazines were held by the Free Mason establishment. They would decide what is
worthy of being published, over brandy and cigars. Mediocre people like Darwin ,
Newton , Dalton and Edison got their names engraved on rock in science .

Not any more!



The flower children ( hippies ) of the sixties , just pulled the carpet from
under the feet of big brother, by introducing Internet and Google to this
planet.

So when NASA came out with their earth shaking discovery of new DNA found in
Mono Lake California, I was the first to reach out to my laptop, and rubbish it
-- as THE sucker punch.

I posted a blog DNA NASA ARSENIC PHOSPHORUS , VADAKAYIL on Dec 2nd .  A protein
DNA scientist would call every sentence on this strange post as sheer nonsense.

After 2 months, today when i punched in DNA NASA or NASA DNA in Google search,
my blog still exists on page one at the top, among 6 million posts-- ahead of
all posts by respected and eminent science personalities.

The brandy and cigar powered big brother establishment and peer reviewed
magazines would have never ever allowed a common man's views on a subject
endorsed by all powerful NASA-- leave alone rubbish it as the sucker punch!.

A blog post comes in way ahead of press reviews and newspaper/ magazine prints.
It is indeed the proverbial early bird.

My blogs have helped me to be creative.  When you are creative you don't know
how time flies! I remember i started writing my blog SCALAR TANGO IN ZERO POINT
FIELD, THE COSMIC DANCE OF SHIVA at 0700 hrs in the morning and continued till
1400 hrs, without even brushing my teeth .My wife made a unusual comment while
telling me to have lunch the 3rd time " You are under house arrest, or what?"

Blogging has helped me to have a world wide contact club. Hundreds read my blogs
daily.

It has helped me to redress long neglected ( deliberate ) issues . Examples are
the " The naive sailor " series.

It has helped me to expose vested interests party, all were afraid to take on.
Today the world knows , who had who on his knees ( Alexander/ Porus ). Or for
the matter what is the meaning of inflation.

My chemical blogs are to help the under privileged. You will NOT find chemical
information anywhere on the internet, and as such i am the first on this planet
to provide this information , for free. I am aware that i can make mucho Dinero,
by publishing a Chemical Handbook and selling it.

Truth MUST prevail!

Ego must take a back seat!!


This is what freedom is all about!!!

Clearly blogging , sponsored by Google,  has redefined the ways of this planet.




Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
CHAKRA VORTEX , SCALAR ENERGY TRANSCEIVER -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL







If you have never heard of the 7 chakras, you are indeed an ignoramus, of the
first order.


When my wife took her exam in Reiki, the old Guru gave her his quartz
tetrahydron dowser , and told her to douse his body and find out which chakra of
his body needs speeding up. She found a weak Manipura , and thus got her 4th
degree ( one step above Grandmaster ).


Before that he took her to a room, with about 50 pictures of various dieties and
saints, and told her that the energy would come to her chakras from only one of
the pictures. To her surprise she felt it emanating in full force , from the
photograph of a person she had always detested, since childhood-- a living
person ( no names ! )-- and pointed it out . The Guru told her, she was right.


My son at Cornell ( doing his ME in computer science ) will never take a tablet
for headache, if he has one. Rather he will telephone his mother half away
across the globe to send Scalar waves ( it is about quantum tunneling /
wormholes ) , and he gets cured 100% success rate in a jiffy. Rationalists might
like to call this Placebo effect. But Placebo effect does NOT give 100% results.

Chakra in Sanskrit means wheeling vortex .



Chakras were figured out by Vedic seers in 9000 BC, with NIL junk DNA in their
bodies and king sized pineal glands, on the banks of the river Saraswati in
India.


Of course nowadays , the white man/ women gives his/her own take about chakras,
with the British Stonehenge thrown in for good measure ( sic! ).  They use ALL
Sanskrit words and names , yet will give the credits to Mayans and Cherokee
Indians or themselves.  They will never talk about the great Vedic Indian
civilisation from which it came. These dime a dozen pretenders have laughed all
the way to the bank-- there are thousands of such bullshit books in the market.


(Author Lynn Mctaggart has written "the intention experiment " and " the field
("--  all ideas are lifted from the Vedic times, about prayer , quantum
(consciousness and Akasha/  ZPF --  yet the furthest she will venture is to say
(what an Indian doctor Dr Deepak Chopra said -- because he has given good
(reviews of her books.  These pretenders do NOT understand that Sanskrit words
(do NOT fit into other civilizations)

Chakras are focal points where psychic forces and bodily functions interact with
each other. They are transceivers of SCALAR energy. ).  Longitudinal Scalar
waves are so fine that they are only one- hundred-millionth of a square
centimeter in width hence finer than X-rays and gamma rays.

Scalar waves can produce a great repelling force on the atomic nucleus,
bypassing the outer electron shells, directly engineering or interfering with
the components of the nucleus.

Scalar waves operate in a non-linear time dimension which is hyperspace, at any
speed from zero to infinity, as they are not limited to the speed of light.
Secondary fields caused by the motion of subatomic particles interacting with
Zero Point Field or Aakasha or Ether are called Scalar waves. They are not
electromagnetic and hence don’t have direction or spin. Scalar waves can travel
faster than light. Scalar waves encode the information of space and time into a
timeless spaceless quantum shorthand of interference patterns.



Electrons get their energy to whiz around the nucleus of an atom without slowing
down because they tap quantum fluctuations of empty space.

There are seven chakras or energy centres.

When a person goes for a pilgrimage, to a place with a black heavy meteorite
stone (Shiva Lingam) he hopes to re-align and speed up his chakras, and develop
consciousness.  His Chakras vortex will extend further from his body.


 Examples:Blackstonesat--




 


Mecca Kaaba , on SE corner






Jerusalem,  Dome of the rock



and Shiva lingas in all Hindu temples..



The above black Shiva lingam was broken , at the Shiva Hindu temple , which
later became the temple of Aphrodite at Paphos Cyprus at around 500 BC.

Shiva linga is a representation of God. It is NOT a phallic symbol, inset in a
Yoni ( Vagina ) as per white man's propaganda.  It is the symbol of Shiva's
PINEAL gland. The stone is so powerful to a person without junk DNA in his body,
that it has to be kept quenched with dripping water .Indians were the first to
worship these black stones. The practise spread during Aryan Indian Emperor
Vikramaditya's reign in 7000 BC from Jerusalem to Cambodia.

These chakras cannot be seen by the sight sense of the common man.

Each of these 7 chakras are associated with a specific colour, organ, gland,
mantra and frequency. The lowest is Muladhara at the base of the spine, and the
highest is Sahasrara at the top of your head.

The Muladhara encircles a mysterious divine potency called Kundalini, which can
be raised by Yoga and meditation, chakra by chakra, till it reaches the
Sahasrara. A overwhelming bliss is felt , which mystically represents re-
integration with Atman or the eternal essence of self. With awakened Kundalini
telepathy is possible.

Chakras can then send out information carrying Soliton waves, which do not
attenuate.  The Indian sage has exploded into a space of consciousness in which
inner awareness is spontaneous. Cosmic consciousness is an intellectual
enlightenment or illumination, an undescribable state of moral and intellectual
elevation, a feeling of amazing bliss.

When your perception opens up you can talk to trees. When meditating if tingling
happens in your body, it means some rearrangements are taking place in your
energy.

The Muladhara chakra ( root ) hangs outside your body between your thighs , just
beneath your scrotum.

The Sahasrara chakra ( crown ) is located on top of your head.

The remaining chakras are aligned within your body .


 

First—root chakra--- MULADHARA kidneys ,adrenaline glands — Red resonance –base
of spine-- material worldly issues— survival, safety, prosperity, motivation  .
194.18 Hz -  same frequency as an Earth Day which is 24 hours. The energy is
dynamic, stimulating, vitalizing and tonifying.  frequency that influences the
physical body. Ehteric Aura is 2 inches from body, Mirrors physical health.
Ruby. Concern physical/ element earth.  3.8 - 4.3 Hz . Blockage- Addictions,
compulsions, fear,indiscipline.  Seat -Will to live, faith in life


Second--- Sacral Chakra --- SWADHISTANA-- located just below navel, adrenaline
glands, uterus reproductive system , spleen, circulation  - hydrocortisone
epinephrine/ — Orange resonance—abdomen --desires—pleasure , sexuality healing,
. 210.42 Hz -  same frequency as the Synodic Moon, which is the time of the full
moon. This tone stimulates sexual energy and supports erotic communication, also
good for woman's cycles and for disturbances of the glandular and lymphatic .
emotional aura is 18 inches from body.systems,  associated with feelings and
emotions.  Agate.   Concern emotional / element water 5.6 - 6.2 Hz-- Blockage-
emotional problems , sexual guilt, impotence, frigidity. Seat- Creativity,
feelings, nostagia, first impressions


Third--- Solar Plexus MANIPURA --Chakra . pancreas.  nervous system, liver,
stomach consumption of biofuel / — Yellow resonance --- —individual
power—vitality, self esteem, calmness, emotional stability  . 126.22 Hz -  same
frequency as our solar systems central star, the Sun. The Sun is the transmitter
and receiver of energies between Earth and the Cosmos. It is the zero point or
the point of stillness between Yin and Yang, and all cycles. This tone advances
the magical and the transcendental.  Mental aura concerned with thought.  Amber.
Concern ego/ element fire 9.8 - 10.2 Hz-- Blockage-- anger or a sense of
victimization, poor self esteem, alcholism, weak will. Seat- Self esteem, power,
authority, self control


Fourth--- Heart Chakra ANAHATA --thymus gland , heart -lymphocytes  immune ,
endocrine system, circulation system / —— Green resonance—relationships—love,
balance, compassion  . 136.10 Hz (Cosmic OM) - The HEART fork is tuned to the OM
vibration  This tone promotes deep relaxation and sedation. It is the frequency
that influences the soul. It is relaxing, soothing, balancing and sedative. The
sitar and tambura music are tuned to this keynote. It is the frequency of the
soul. Astral aura. Stone-- Emerald.  Grief—lack of
empathy—criticism—loneliness—shy.  Concern social/ element air 11.8 - 12.2 Hz--
-Blockage-- Inability to relate, suspicion, sleep disorders, high BP problems,
Asthmas Seat --Love, healing, emotional bonding



Fifth--- Throat Chakra VISHUDDHA thyroid  metabolic balance , lungs—— Blue
resonance—communication, self expression , creative power  . 141.27 Hz - The
THROAT fork is the same frequency as the planet Mercury. This tone supports the
speech center and all forms of communication.  Spiritual aura concerned with
divine will.  Stone--Turquoise.  Concern creative/ element sound 15.8 -16.2 Hz--
Tied to creativity and communication.  Feels pressure when you are not
communicating your emotions properly. Blockage-- Inability to express self,
thyroid problems. Seat- awareness, creativity


Sixth/ Third Eye AJNA Chakra - pitutiary gland,  hormones which control other
glands,brain  /  — Indigo resonance—third eye-- wisdom—clairvoyance, imagination
. 221.23 Hz - The 3RD EYE fork is the same frequency as the planet Venus. This
tone promotes a great flow of love energy and inner harmony.  Spiritual aura
concerned with divine love.  Stone--Blue sapphire.  Concern archetypal/ element
light/ 90.0 - 98.0 Hz. Blockage- poor memory , denial, endocrine and hormonal
imbalances. Seat-Vision, psychic perception


Seventh/ crown chakra SAHASRARA  / pineal gland  seat of biorhythm — Violet
resonance—spirituality—bliss, higher consciousness, enlightment   . 172.06 Hz -
The CROWN fork is the same frequency as the Platonic Year, which is 25,920
years. It is the time the axis of the Earth takes to complete a full rotation or
precession like a top. The tone supports cheerfulness, clarity of spirit,
supports cosmic unity and is anti-depressive.  Spiritual aura concerned with
divine mind. Stone--Diamond.  Materialism—spiritual disconnection.  Concern
Universal/ element thought 960.0 Hz. Blockage-lack of self understanding and
direction. Seat- oneness







The aura is created and nourished by the energy brought in through chakras. A
chakra that rotates anti-clockwise is a ‘closed’ chakra--not conducive to the
intake of energy. Normally the chakras spin very fast, sucking the universal
energy into our body. However, as we grow older we develop negative patterns of
thinking and living that slow down of some or all of the chakras and sometimes
even impede their direction, causing an energy imbalance that results in various
diseases.

You can feel the influence of the chakras with the help of a pendulum, as it
will start rotating on its own under the influence of any of the chakras when
brought near that chakra’s field.  When these chakras are not spinning at their
optimal speed, their respective characteristics can be adversely affected.
Trying to suppress or deny emotions freely often results in blocks in the
corresponding chakras--so do not hide your emotions from yourself, even if you
decide for some reason to hide them from others. Reiki and chakra meditation are
some of the ways to keep your chakras in youthful condition.

When your chakras are out of balance nothing seems to go all right, and you have
a sense of depression. You can douse your chakras with Tetrahydron Quartz.
Dousing is the easiest of all ESP.

Chakras contribute to your Aura. When you hold a copper lota with Living water
inside , like the ancient Vedic sages your aura get modified.

The third eye is a switch to activates higher energies or self acupuncture. The
third eye is not a physical organ rather it is astral. The space of
consciousness is dark indigo.

Gazing at the stars is an enlightening practice that fills up the soul.

The crown chakra reaches down until its vortex touches the pineal gland.


Kundalini starts its ascent towards the head center after responding to the
vibrations from the 'light in the head.


Introversion is neccessary for self-realization. Inner attention magnetizes
“spiritual light” into the pineal gland. Human thought is the result of
suspended action, and the pineal gland inhibits the immediate discharging of
thoughts into action. This inhibition causes us to look inward and to deeply
ponder our actions and reactions.

When an area of quantum coherence collapses, an instant of consciousness occurs.

The real nervous system operates by means of synaptic messages. The virtual one
operates by means of the quantum effect of tunneling (particles passing through
an energy barrier that classically they should not be able to climb). The real
one is driven by classical laws, the virtual one by quantum laws. Consciousness
is therefore driven by quantum laws.

With the advent of powerful new tools like femtosecond (10-15 second) lasers and
nanoscale-precision positioning, life’s quantum dance is finally coming into
view.

Our creative power to reverse entropy and heal still lies within us. We all have
stem cells in our body that can make new healthy cells. Life can re-create Life,
NOW. All we need to do is neutralize the electromagnetic charges held in our
fields that disrupt our natural state of perfection.

Planck's constant = (uncertainty in energy) x (uncertainty in position)

Most of the various electronic devices of the past decades rely on the quantum.
In quantum physics all things are seen as possibility waves.  And it is
consciousness that changes these possibility waves into actuality.

Everything is made of energy, including thoughts, feelings, emotions,
sensations, and associations Remember, chakras dictate all physical, mental,
emotional and spiritual processes that take place in your body. Every chakra is
a transmitter cum receiver antenna.


We have 96% junk DNA in our body and hence have no idea what a chakra means.


A vedic sage with 12 strand DNA and a king sized pineal gland , with chakras on
overdrive and golden aura , can do wonders. There is a difference between a sage
and a saint.

This is very different from canonisation of saints by Vatican. Even the Chinks
who died in Tiannman square are saints , as they have been canonised by the
Pope. It is all about toeing a line.


Politics and spiritual stuff are like oil and water--they do NOT mix.




A healthy clean aura means a healthy body.  The human aura is egg shaped. Auras
can also be diagnosed with the help of quartz pendulums or with sensitized
hands. The first aura layer extends two inches outside the body.  It deals with
sensations as pain, heat and cold. The colour of the aura on this level ranges
from fine, thin light aqua blue for quiet and sensitive people to coarse, deep
bluish-gray for strong people. The health of the first layer determines our
potential for enjoying physical life.  The second aura layer represents your
self esteem. Images for this layer range from brightly coloured clouds (positive
feelings) to dark shades (negative feelings). These clouds of energy flow along
the energy lines of the first layer. If you stop the flow of these feelings, you
stop the flow of the clouds, and they become dark and sluggish. A stagnant
second layer can impede the flow of the first and third layers.

The third layer represents logic and clarity, with which we think and desire to
learn new things. The energy lines here are fine and thin, lemon yellow in
colour and pulsate at a very high rate. A dull layer shows dullness of mind and
disinclination to think. Negative thoughts correlate with slower pulsations of
the field in this region and dark, distorted energy lines. The fourth layer
represents our feelings for the people we relate to. This level is the bridge
between our physical world (experienced through our first three layers) and the
spiritual world (experienced through the next three). The energy here is thick
and fluid, and it vibrates faster than the second layer. An unhealthy fourth
layer is dark and heavy, with the consistency of mucus. The energy of the fourth
layer flows between people as they interact; streams of  bioplasmic energy move
out from your layer towards the other person’s field.

These streams can be soft and rosy between lovers; dark, sticky and gray-green
when one is jealous; high-peaked orange-red for one burning with passion; or
dark-red and pointed when one is angry. We are born with cords connecting us
with our parents, representing our relationships with our parents and
determining the kinds of relationships we form with the men and women in our
lives. Each new relationship develops more cords.   The fifth layer two feet
away from the body represents the divine will, and is associated with the power
of words in the creative process. It is by accessing this layer that what we
wish or say to ourselves comes true in the physical world. Those with an
underdeveloped fifth layer have trouble keeping their lives in order; they
cannot figure out their purpose in life. Those with a developed fifth layer are
punctual, good planners and good executors of their plans. They have a sense of
purpose in their lives. The fifth level has grooves or slots for the bluish
energy lines of the first layer.

The sixth layer represents divine love and ecstasy. Here are the feelings we
experience when we fall in love with someone, get lost in the beauty of a
landscape and so forth. Extending two to two-and- three-quarters feet from the
body, the sixth kosha is a gold-silver halo of light.

Our need at this level is for spiritual nourishment through experiences that
make us feel lost in something -- we might feel connected to the stars, the
trees, the ocean or everything out there in the universe -- thus giving us the
experience of oneness. This is the level we experience in deep meditation. This
level comprises streams of light of various colours, radiating in all directions
at a high frequency. The beams may be straight or sagging, depending upon the
health of this level.

The seventh layer represents the divine mind, and is made up of  high-frequency,
bright golden energy lines. Extending three-and-a-half feet from the body, these
golden lines form the matrix for all the physical components of our bodies. With
a well developed seventh kosha, we start seeing and feeling the hidden divine
perfection. A hidden purpose appears in every seemingly imperfect event or item
around you, resulting in serenity of mind.

At this level you hold your core beliefs, which may or may not be in harmony
with the universal laws. All of our creative ideas flow from this level and give
a sense of purpose to them. When the seventh kosha is underdeveloped, we might
feel that everything is disconnected, random, chaotic and without purpose. When
our beliefs are in disharmony with the divine laws, we are bound to experience
diseases and upsets. This kosha holds the entire energy field together and
protects it from harm.


The Bija mantras are one-syllable seed sounds that, when said aloud, activate
the energy of the chakras in order to purify & balance the mind & body.

When you speak the bija mantras, you resonate with the energy of the associated
chakra.--as mentioned in the  Jabala Darsana Upanishad in 5000 BC.

Ham, Yam, Ram, Vam and Lam are the panch bhoota mantras.  The five elements
evolve from the five tanamatras (principals); earth from gandha (smell), water
from rasa (taste), fire from rupa (sight), air from sparsha (touch) and akasha
from shabda (hearing). When sounding the bija mantras for the chakras we are
connecting with the different elements. The connection with the element is
created by the tongue position in the mouth and by visualising the shape of the
element when sounding the mantra.

“LAM”-  Muladhara chakra 1 (root) When properly produced, the sound LANG excites
the nadis (subtle channels of energy) in the first chakra and creates a lock
that prevents the downward movement of energy. LA is the sound for the earth
element and NG is nada-bindu, the primal cosmic sound from which the universe
manifested. Repetition of the bija manta LANG deepens concentration, giving
awareness and inner strength. Its vibrations create a passage inside the Brahma
Nadi. Brahma Nadi, is the subtle channel through which the Kundalini, when
awakened moves from Muladhara to Sahasrara Chakra. The element associated with
the Muladhara Chakra is Earth. The square is the symbol for Earth. It represents
the four directions and the four dimensions.

“VAM”-  Swadisthana chakra 2 (sacral/navel) When the bija mantra VANG is
repeated the Svadhishtana Chakra is purified. The power of Varuna, an aspect of
Vishnu (the sustainer of creation) is present in thebija mantra VANG. In Hindu
mythology, Varuna is considered the god of all forms of the water element. When
the bija mantra VANG is repeated it enhances the production and circulation of
fluids in the body. The shape associated with this element is the circle, which
represents the element water. Water droplets are spherical. Water is the essence
of life. Almost three quarters of the human body is water, which is present in
blood, mucous, urine, saliva, lymph and other fluids.

“RAM”- Manipura chakra 3 (solar plexus) The bija mantra for this chakra is RAM
sounded as RANG. Agni is the god of fire and the acceptor of sacrifices. The ram
is the vehicle of Agni. The ram is the carrier of the bija mantra RAM. The sound
RANG increases the digestive fire, which enhances assimilation and absorption.
It contributes to longevity, the main goal of a person motivated by this chakra.
The nature of fire is to move upwards and the repetition of this mantra, when
produced properly helps the upward movement of the Kundalini. The fire element
in the navel region aids in the digestion and absorption of food,which supplies
the whole body with vital energy. The fire element is related tohunger, thirst,
sleep, lethargy and radiance (ojas). The triangle is the symbol of the fire
element. Visualisation of a triangle of bright redcolour in the Manipura Chakra
helps the aspirant in his/her spiritual evolution

“YAM”- Anahata chakra 4 (heart) The bija mantra for this chakra is YAM sounded
as YANG. The mantra is focused in the heart chakra. When this sound is produced
properly the spiritual heart vibrates and any blocks in the cardiac region are
cleared. True knowledge dawns in the consciousness and the second knot, the
Vishnu Granthi, is undone, allowing energy to start to flow upward. Sounding the
bija mantra YANG gives one control over air, prana and the breath. The bija
mantra YANG is the sound form of the deity Vayu, the lord of the air/wind. The
Anahata Chakra is associated with the six- pointed star which is made up of two
triangles. The one pointing upwards symbolises Shiva, the male principal. The
other triangle points downward symbolising Shakti, the female principal--stolen
by the Jews.  The six-pointed star also symbolises the balancing of energy in
the Heart chakra, which lies between the three chakras above it and the three
chakras below it. The Anahata Chakra is associated with love and the desire for
sharing and sympathy. Here energy can move upward or downward. The element
associated with the Anahata Chakra is vayu (air or wind). Vayu is thevital life-
giving force (prana). It aids the functions of the lungs and heart, circulating
fresh oxygen and vital energy.

“HAM”- Vishudha chakra 5 (throat) The bija mantra for this chakra is HAM sounded
as HANG. The ‘H’ sound in the bija mantra HANG is produced at the back of the
throat. The mantra is focused in the throat chakra. When this sound is produced
properly. It vibrates the brain and causes the cerebrospinal fluid to flow more
freely in the throat region.  The Vishuddha Chakra is associated with the
element akasha (ether) and the sense of hearing, as well as the action of
speaking. The symbol for this chakra is the crescent. The sliver crescent is the
symbol of nada, pure cosmic sound. The moon implies psychic energy, clairvoyance
andcommunication without words. The influence of the five elements ceases after
the fifth chakra and the aspirant becomes a tattvatit, one who has gone beyond
the grip of the elements.

“OM”- Ajna chakra 6 (third eye/brow) The bija mantra AUM . The pravana, AUM, is
the source of all sounds and is connected with anahata nada, the primal cosmic
sound. It thus creates unity and is a combination of sun (A), moon (U), and fire
(M). The third eye plays an important role in the piercing of the third knot,
Rudra Granthi. When Rudra Granthi is pierced, individuality is dropped, the old
ego awareness is left behind and the experience of unmanifest consciousness
emerges at the Sahasrara Chakra. The symbol for this chakra is the circle with
two petals on either side. A person who has reached this level of awareness has
a body that constantly radiates the sound AUM. The aura of such persons enables
all those who come into their presence to become calm and sensitive to the
refined sound frequencies of AUM.

“AL AH”-  Sahasrara chakra 7 (crown)

In Sanskrit the word ‘Sahasrara’, means thousand, so the Sahasrara Chakra is the
‘Lotus of the Thousand Petals’ and is located four finger-breadths above the
crown of the head. When the Kundalini is raised up to the Sahasrara Chakra, the
illusion of the ‘individual self’ is dissolved. According to the scriptures, the
Sahasrara Chakra is the seat of the self-luminous Self, the essence of being.
The sounds associated with this chakra are AL and AH  ( degraded to all sounds
from AH to KSHA which is bull ).

Within the sushumna (central energy channel) there are three granthis or knots
that prevent the upward movement of the Kundalini Shakti.



-- The Brahma Granthi (located in the Muladhara Chakra ) is related to the
-- physical body, to the world of names and forms. Vishnu Granthi (located
-- between the Manipura and the Anahata Chakra) is related to the astral body
-- and to the world of emotions.

-- Rudra Granthi (located at the Ajna Chakra) is related to the causal body and
-- to the world of thought, ideas, visions and intuition.




As per Vedanta  we are essentially holographic energy  beings existing in a
state of resonance with the scalar field of the cosmos.

 


Above :  After death when you are cremated and your skull pops, your soul is
shot up by a soliton carrier wave to one of these 7 energy layers / astral
planes – depending on your aura energy / kundalini raise .   A moksha soul go to
the highest  energy plane.

Remember you are immortal—  you were born with the stars , at the beginning of
cosmic creation. Your cadaver/ body is like a pair of jeans , you discard on
death .


Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang
).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum
possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles, we call the cosmic dance of
Shiva from either side of the Quantum screen... Together they express the great
void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to
perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands (
body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by
Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the oceans
for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. The
amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar
knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine LSD--
rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk
DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and
achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are
accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland
is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this
hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in
the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for
Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep,
while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC
raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-
beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of
life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been
measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers,
regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can
vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT
is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a
psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become
active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline
burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant
observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have
too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were
NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its
mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND
LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the
quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and
Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16,
just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT
trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume
Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you
have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters
your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern
mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh
Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of
each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT
external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to
produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now
degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis
, can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life
use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third
eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness.  The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas
will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the
third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2
strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil
********************************************************************************
THE GREAT AMERICAN DEPRESSION-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This post must be read in conjunction with my posts --

DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY dated 18th Dec 2010,  and  MURKY TRUTHS OF
INFLATION AND GLOBALIZATION dated 16th Jan 2011.

The nineteen twenties was a period of great prosperity in the United States.



The financial jackals decided that it is the right time to pull the rug from the
feet of the gullible.

Schemes were laid down where by paying a small amount , you could buy almost
anything , provided you give a monthly recurring payment--or in short put the
common man in the vice of debt.

The gullible common Yank had NO dang idea , of the dangers of debt and high
interest rates --  and kept shopping merrily.

Advertising became part of the fabric of American culture as ads dominated
newspapers and magazines --about huge discounts and hassle free loans.

Keeping up with the Joneses , social snobbery and false studies convinced
consumers to buy more.

With massive corporate growth, high employment and a post-war bull-market on
Wall Street, first time American investors went on a stock-market buying spree.

Everyone wanted a piece of this cake.

People bought stock on margin or credit for as little as 10% down. They then
used the stock as collateral to borrow more money to buy more stock. Then they
did it again. The market was a free- for-all. It was prosperity heaven.

Although everything looked rosy, it was a castle made of sand and the great
party ended on October 29th. 1929 when the stock market crashed and caught
everyone off guard.

Everyone except the Jew money bag insiders and the financial jackals --that is.

In April of 1929, Paul Warburg, the father of the Fed, sent out a secret
advisory warning his friends that a collapse and nationwide depression was
certain, then in August of 1929 the Fed began to tighten money.

Huge financial Wall Street giants were forewarned in secret of the incoming
tsunami . John D. Rockefeller, J.P. Morgan, Bernard Beruch and all the Free
Masons ( read as the old Opium running parters of Rothschild family) got out of
the stock market just before the crash and put all their assets in cash or gold.



On October 24th, 1929, the big NY bankers called in their 24-hour broker call
loans. This meant that both stockbrokers and customers had to dump their stocks
on the market to cover their loans, no matter what price they had to sell them
for. As a result, the market tumbled and that day was known as "Black Thursday".

Curtis Dall, a broker for Lehman brothers, was on the floor of the NY stock
exchange the day of the crash. In his 1970 book, "FDR: my exploited father in
law", he explained that the crash was triggered by the planned sudden shortage
of call money in the NY money market.

Within a few weeks, $3 billion vanished into thin air. Within a year, $40
billion vanished.

But did it really disappear?

Or was it simply netted by the financial jackals?

And what did the Fed do? Instead of moving to help the economy out, by quickly
lowering interest rates to stimulate the economy, the Fed continued to brutally
contract the money supply further, deepening the depression.

Between 1929 and 1933, the Fed reduced the money supply by an additional 33%.
The Federal reserve engineered the great Depression.

But the money lost by the common Yank during the depression, didn't just vanish.
It was lined the nests of the jackals who had gotten out just before the crash
and had purchased gold, which is always a safe place to put your money just
before a depression.


Following the crash the great depression put 1/3 of the US workforce out of
work.


The banks foreclosed on property and took possession of peoples' homes and
farms. When panicked citizens lined-up at banks to withdraw their hard earned
savings, the banks gave them only 10c on the dollar.

Homeless and desperate, many Americans set up tent cities and roamed the rails
looking for work.


Congressman Louis McFadden, chairman of the House Banking Committee, claimed the
crash was planned by the international bankers who sought to become rulers of us
all. In his famous 1932 Congressional address he said "Mr. Chairman, we have in
this country one of the most corrupt institutions the world has ever known. I
refer to the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve banks. The Federal
Reserve Board has cheated the people of the United States out of enough money to
pay the national debt 3 times over. This evil institution has impoverished and
ruined the people of the United States through the defects of the law in which
it operates and through the corrupt practices of the moneyed vultures who
control it.



The common Yank thinks the Federal Reserve Banks are government institutions.
They are not government institutions; they are private credit monopolies which
prey upon the people of the United States for the benefit of themselves.


Following a series of death threats, McFadden was finally poisoned and done in
by the jackals.




The king maker in England for Winston Churchill and for every American president
from Wilson to Eisenhover ( Ike ) was Bernard Baruch, the billionaire Zionist
Jewish Financier,who was Rothchild’s agent in USA and also a Rothschild
bloodline clone

Everybody had been wondering why the current generation of Rothschild has
stopped all their covert games. Oh no! They upstaged all their ancestors with
the HOAX of the millennium. GLOBAL WARMING DUE TO GREEN HOUSE GASES . This would
make poor countries rich in natural energy like coal and hydrocarbons buy
biodiesel and alternate from Rothschild's companies in European countries who
have NOTHING in their country— just unfertile , no mineral , no energy
wasteland.
********************************************************************************
VIPASSANA MEDITATION- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



My son at Cornell ( doing his ME in computer science )  is playing a meditative
piece done by Ludovico Einaudi, the Italian , whose grandfather was the
President Of Italy from 1948-55.

I am writing about Vipassana meditation .

 

Vipashayna is a Sanskrit word , and it is called Vipassana is Pali.


Vipashyana meditation was started on the banks of the river Sraswati by the
vedic seers in 9000 BC. The Rig Veda written in 5000 BC talks about Vipashyana
meditation.


It was Buddha who re-discovered Vipassana . Buddha did not teach in Sanskrit, he
taught in the local language . This is why more than 50% of the world hold him
in great respect ( though Buddism is almost extinct in India , as Hindus believe
in the immortality of DNA ).


Buddha however was born as a Hindu, lived as a Hindu and died as a Hindu. 8
strands of his hair are preserved in Yangoon Burma inside the Shwedagon Pagode.
This can be subjected to a DNA test to establish when he actually walked on this
planet. Max Mueller had declared that he was born in 563 BC , to please the
Vatican. If Vatican had their way they would have put it in AD.


Now getting back to the piano score-- Meditation is an exercise of the mind.
What physical exercise is to the body, meditation is to the mind. Silencing the
body is easy, but silencing the mind is difficult in this modern age. Silencing
is about grace, harmony and tranquility. Exhaustion is NOT tranquility.


In the modern age people get stressed, and they need to still the mind--the
chattering monkey, which remains entangled in the past and the imagined future,
but never in the present.


Vipassana meditation is about holding your mind to the present.


It is the search for inner strength. It is NOT a drill. It has to be done with
grace. Your mind cant keep going round and round in circles, etching a deep
groove and make the subject deep rooted. Beware of the spiritually arrogant,
such persons cant be proper Gurus.


A person stops thinking either when he is dead or when he has realised. When
your ego powered mind is chattering like a monkey or the angry sea, you miss the
truth. Truth can be communicated only in silence. For this deep silence you need
to have harmony between the mind, body and soul.


The aim of every form of meditation is to still the mind, or you cant purify it
and get rid of deep rooted negativities , which affect your health and even give
you severe migraines.


Vipassana is a surgical operation of your subconscious mind to remove and
discard negativity / ego and improve tolerance, grace and kindness.


An ideal candidate would be Donald Trump.


Vipassana uses the awareness of breath method. The meditator sees the cosmos as
nothing but the tiniest packet of quantum energy. It makes you a watcher and a
witness. Such a person cannot be an egoist. The art of observing is to help you
feel separate from all that you are clinging to.


For a layman-- you are stressed when your hands feel cold, your heart rate,
breathing, and muscle tension increases. The result is that your immune system
goes for a toss and you get depressed or burnt out.. Depression is a weird
feeling of loss .


Vipassana teaches you to look inwards, with awareness , withing yourself and
know the true nature of all sensations, and loosen the stranglehold of habits
and vices.. he scans his own body and sees where the stress and tension is.


He just witnesses , he does not react. His mind does not control him, rather he
controls his mind. It is a universal remedy for all universal ills.


Find a quiet place to sit for 15 minutes. place where you can sit comfortably,
undisturbed, for at least 20 minutes. Background noises like the sound of a car
horn or a ticking clock should not be considered hindrances, and in fact can be
legitimate objects of mindfulness. Don't wear earplugs . Wear loose clothing and
be bare feet. Sit with your back and head held straight. You may sit on the
floor or in a chair. Keep your eyes closed. If you must move, notice how and why
you are moving.


Simply be mindful of in-and-out breathing. You may feel that your breathing is
too short, too long, too gentle or too heavy. Do not try to control it. Stop
judging. Just let it be, let it settle by itself as you watch.  It is the
process of watching which is the meditation, not what you are watching.  When
you become distracted, gently refocus your attention on your breathing. Keep
watching. Just breathe... As the abdomen rises, observe the motion from
beginning to end with your mind. When the abdomen falls, do the same. That's it.
Just keep watching the rising-falling movements. You don't have to do anything
to them. Just know the movements without judging or describing them.   Restrict
your attention to what is occurring in the immediate present moment. Don't think
about the past or future— don't think about anything at all. Let go of worries,
concerns, and memories. Empty your mind of everything except the movements
occurring right now. But don't think about the motions; just know them. In
insight meditation the aim is not to think, but only to know.  As the abdomen
expands, say the word "rising" in your mind. When it contracts, say "falling."
Continue to note rising, falling, rising, falling, from one moment to the next.


Ninety-percent of your attention should be on the actual movement instead of on
the label. The aim in Vipassana is to know the object itself, not the word. The
abdomen should not be visualized. You only have to know the movements. Be sure
to breathe naturally; don't try to control the breath in any way. A mental note
identifies the object in general but not in detail. For example, when a sound
pulls your attention away, label it "hearing" instead of car horn," "voices" or
"barking dog."  If an unpleasant sensation arises, note "pain " or "feeling"
instead of "knee pain" or "my back pain." Then return your attention to the
primary object. When aware of a fragrance, say the mental note "smelling" for a
moment or two. You don't have to identify the scent.


The motto is: "Focus and forget it," or "know and let go." Healing is NOT a
physical process, rather it is mental. Mind can wipe mistakes off the DNA
blueprint and destroy any disease that has disturbed the design. DNA's ability
to repair itself is affected adversely when a person is in depression.
Meditation experiences silence, and is devoid of drives, wishes, fears ,
thoughts and emotions. Afterwards when the mind returns to its usual level of
consciousness, it has acquired some freedom to move..


Grace and peace are the hallmarks of a healthy non-delusional mind in a healthy
body.. The happiness is stable.



Gurus of Vipassana meditation do not charge fees, unlike Reiki masters, who must
charge as a rule.
********************************************************************************
NAPOLEON , THE UNKNOWN SIDE-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL








WATERLOO , MARSHAL NEY AND THE ROTHSCHILD CONSPIRACY


Two decades ago while passing St Helena I took my ship close to the island (
1300 miles west of Angola ) to see what it is like. It was a desolate mountain
popping out of the sea.



Napoleon spent 6 years here in exile till be was poisoned by arsenic. Arsenic
preserved his body . Much later his shrivelled tiny penis with a single ball was
put for auction which failed to secure the bottom reserve price. But this man
had balls.

Napoleon had sensitive olfactory senses. He got a perfume made for his wife
Josephine. I had bought this for my wife--and she says it is the best in her
collection.

Napoleon who ruled France was born to Italian parents , who spoke Italian at
home.

The original Mona Lisa ( without eyebrows ) used to hang in his bed room.



He would NOT have lost the battle of Waterloo in 1815 -- but for his inability
to be mobile. He could not ride a horse, due to acute inflammation of piles --
it would have been too painful. Napoleon once upon a time could sleep on
horseback.



Lord Wellington had once remarked that Napoleon's presence in the battle field
was like having an extra 50000 troops. He did not have to make his troops scream
HEIL SEIG --the famous magic rallying cry of Hitler.


He used leeches to suck out the abcess at the rectum. But on the night before
his defeat , his doctor lost the leeches.

The fabulously rich opium drug runners Rothschild bribed the doctor to lose the
leeches.


A fortune was made by the Rotchschild family on the battle of Waterloo.  Forbes
does NOT dare to say that Rothschild family is the richest in the world, a dozen
times more than the current No 1 of 2011.


Opium smugglers of British East India company, James and Nathan Rothschilds  who
came up with the Battle of Waterloo scheme. The brothers financed both sides of
the famous battle at Waterloo, between the French and the English. With advanced
knowledge of the British victory ( using a trained carrier pigeon ) , Nathan
Rothschild spread lies that the British had been defeated, which caused a crash
in the value of British Government bonds.


While panicked English investors sold up their life savings, Nathan Rothschild
bought-up their bonds for pennies on the dollar. When official news of the
British victory at Waterloo arrived, the English bond-market skyrocketed and so
did Nathan Rothschild's wealth. In one foul swoop, the Demon Brothers had
double-crossed the English masses and taken control of the Bank of England.
Flaunting their tremendous wealth, the brothers went on a lavish spending spree.
By 1823 the Rothschilds were guardians of the entire papal treasure and took
over the financial operations of the Catholic Church and the Pope.



There was no plan B -- so he was injected with a strong painkiller which made
him mentally dull. His gout too was out of control due to stress.

His second in command Marshall Ney could not deliver the goods. He is said to
have fought well and five horses were killed under him.



There is another school of thought that Rothschild bribed Ney.  Ney had a
showdown with Napoleon, the first time he abdicated.  Wehn Napoleon said " The
army will obey me !", Ney had replied " The army will obey its generals " .  It
was well known that Ney was NOT Napoleons man.



Ney was sent to Napoleon, just 3 days before the Battle of Waterloo in a
mysterious manner. Ney did NOT obey Napoleons order sent to him at Frasnes to
engage a retreating Wellington. Ney ordered d'Erlons corps to turn back from
Ligny on June 16th depriving Napoleon of the chance to destroy Bluchers army.


Napoleon went inside the great pyramid and came out pale and frightened, as if
he had a premonition of the future. Tomb robbers had a history and tradition of
knocking off the noses of Egyptian sarcophagi to neutralise curses.



The local guides at the Pyramids in Egypt told me that megalomaniac Napoleon
shot off the nose of the Sphinx with a cannon.


It is well known that this megalomaniac had once razed a fort on the banks of
Rhine to the ground just because his horse got frightened by sound of cannon
fire from within.

Single balled males due to lack of yin-yang can behave this way. Even poor
Hitler had a one eyed willie-- damaged in first world war.

Napoleon for all his bravery was terrified of cats.



While at St Helena he was secretly ( open secret ) wooing the gorgeous young
wife of Count Montholon. Her third girl child conceived on the island was named
Napoleone.

On Napoleons death he had willed that she should get a lock of his hair. It is
from Napoleons hair that it was revealed that he dies of Arsenic poisoning ,
with advance of science later. It is presumed that Count Montholon poisoned him
in short frequent doses.

Uni-balled Napoleon and Hitler, as predicted by Nostradamus, came to power at
the age of 44, both attacked Russia at the age of 52, and both lost the war at
the age of 56. Both underestimated the ice of Russia.






Napoleon annulled his marriage with Josephine because she could NOT conceive.
Her daughter Hortense ( from Alexandre ) later became the queen of Holland.
Jospehine was not infertile. She had fudged her marriage certificate to make her
younger on paper. Her age and Napoleons single ball could not do the trick.



On his wedding night her possesive dog --a pug-- Fortune bit Napoleon savagely
on his leg. Josephine thought he was crying out of sheer pleasure initially.
********************************************************************************
WORTH MORE THAN THE SUM TOTAL OF ENTIRE FORBES LIST -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ROTHSCHILD FAMILY,  THE EX-OWNER OF BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY, THE RICHEST




First read my blog MURKY TRUTHS OF INFLATION AND GLOBALISATION dated  16 Jan
2011, to really understand this post--


When the British killed Tipu Sultan in 1799 AD, Rothschild carted away all his
gold. Tipu Sultan had stolen 7000 billion USD worth of gold from my home town
Calicut's temples--  centuries of Spice trade returns. Tipu's father Hyder Ali
had stolen all the gold from Calicut king Zamorin and forced him to commit
suicide.



Sceptics--in 1800 AD India held 63% of the world's private gold jewellery.  In
2011 India still holds 38.2% of the world's private gold.

Today the Jews control the financial world.



Forbes gives bullshit that Carlos Slim, Bill Gates and Warren Buffet are the top
3 richest men in the world? The total wealth of these three is around 170
Billion US dollars or 170 thousand million dollars..

The richest is the Rothschild family. Their wealth is MORE than 300 trillion or
300 million million dollars.


Forbes does NOT put Rothschild in the Forbes 500 list, though today they are
worth more than the sum total of the entire 500 members wealth -- in more than
300 trillion USD..  Fur Trader Forbes ( descendants John Forbes Kerry and John
Murray Forbes ) was in the Opium business and were agents of Rothschild at
Boston.




It is all about  " See, if we want we can make money out of thin air,via the
Federal reserve  but we don't-- we are honest , guys!"



We Indians know about the East India Company, who came to India to trade and
took over the country. Rothschild family owned the East India Company.

East India company made their fortune by addicting the Chinese with opium taken
from Bengal, Bihar and Malva in India.


Their blood relative was Bagdhadi Jew Sasoon who was their resident
representative in India . The fabulously rich Parsis of India were all drug
runners , connected to the Opium  trade of Rothschild.


Rothschild made their fortune by engineering the Opium wars on China and
manipulating the outcome of the Battle of Waterloo. Surprised , right?

Yes , you could never ever get all this information before the internet and
google age. You have to be thankful to the Hippies of the sixties, who loosened
the grip of big brother, on the information flow.

Jewish rag merchant and pawnbroker Mayer Amschel (Anselm) Rothschild, born in a
small dingy house on Juddddenstrasse Frankfurt am Main, Germany in 1744, was the
founder of the famous House of Rothschild and its banking empire, which spread
across most of Europe.

Eldest son Amschel Mayer Rothschild (1773–1855) took over his father's bank
(M.A. Rothschild & Söhne) in 1815.


Mayer Rothschild’s  five sons later helped spread the Rothschild (“red shield”)
name beyond Frankfurt to London, Naples, Paris, and Vienna. All five Rothschild
sons were made barons by Austria in 1812, receiving the right to use “von” (the
German term of nobility) in front of their names. Later Rothschilds were
involved in helping to establish a Jewish homeland in Palestine.

Mayer Rothschild and his wife Gutle (nee Schnapper, 1753-1849) had 20 children,
ten of whom survived infancy – five sons and five daughters. Over the years
Mayer carefully placed his sons (“the five arrows”) in key positions to
eventually establish a Rothschild banking empire that spread out from Frankfurt
across much of Europe, including Austria, England, France and Italy. The five
Rothschild males were distributed thus:



Germany The eldest son, Amschel Mayer Rothschild (1773-1885), ran the family’s
Frankfurt bank after his father’s death in 1815.

Austria The second son, Solomon Mayer Rothschild (1774-1885), founded the
Rothschild bank in Vienna. The Creditanstalt bank was run by the Rothschild
family until the rise of the Nazis in the 1930s.

England The third son, Nathan Mayer Rothschild (1777-1836), went to England in
1798 to run a branch of the family’s textile business there, the first family
enterprise outside Germany. In 1811 he established the N.M. Rothschild & Sons
bank in London.

Italy Son number four, Calmann (Carl) Mayer Rothschild (1788-1855), founded the
Rothschild bank in Naples. With Italian unity in 1863, the Naples bank (and its
Austrian connections) closed down.

France The youngest son, Jacob (James) Mayer de Rothschild (1792-1868), went to
Paris in 1811 to run the Rothschilds’ interests there.

All above reads like a Sidney Sheldon Bloodline thriller , right? Only
difference is, it is the truth.






Today they control almost all the influential newspapers and TV media. The story
of the Rothschild family has been featured in a number of films.



The 1934 Hollywood film titled The House of Rothschild, starring George Arliss
and Loretta Young, recounted the life of Mayer Amschel Rothschild



According to author Simon Shama, the Rothschild's own 80% of the land of Israel.

Historically, the Jewish Rothschild family wealth was hidden in underground
vaults. They control the LBMA – London Bullion Market Association, where 30 to
40 million ounces of gold, worth over 11 billion dollars are traded daily. The
Rothschild's earn millions weekly, just on transaction fees alone. They also fix
the world price on gold on a daily basis and profit from its ups and downs.



Over the centuries, the Rothschild's have amassed trillions of dollars worth of
gold bullion in their subterranean vaults and have cornered the world's gold
supply. They own controlling interests in the worlds largest oil company Royal
Dutch Shell. They operate phony charities and off-shore banking services where
the wealth of the Vatican and black nobility is hidden in secret accounts at
Rothschild Swiss banks, trusts and holding companies.


Rothschild and his ancestors have hand-picked presidents, crashed stock markets,
bankrupted nations, orchestrated wars and sponsored the mass murder and
impoverishment of millions.


The wealth hoarded by this one family alone could feed, clothe and shelter every
human being on Earth. Evelyn Rothschild is the great, great, great grandson of
Mayer Amschel Rothschild, and will be passing the godfather-ship down to David
de Rothschild.



As I said before, their story begins in 18th century Frankfurt Germany, on a
cobblestone street called Frankfurt on the Main. Mayer Amschel Bauer was the son
of a goldsmith and loan-shark, called Moses Amschel Bauer, who hung a red
hexagon shield over the doorway of his shop. When Mayer took over his father's
business, he changed his name from Bauer to Rothschild, which means “Red Shield”
in German. The red hexagon shield was the symbol for the world revolutionary
movement.

Family biographers describe Mayer Rothschild as a poor man, who lived with his
family above his shop and sold rare coins to Royal customers. On the contrary,
Mayer stashed a big supply of gold, precious coins and jewels in special hiding
places inside his house.

One special hiding place was beneath the back courtyard, where he accessed his
strongbox, through an underground passageway. Mayer taught his 5 sons the tricks
of the trade. To them he wasn't just his father, he was their lord and master.
To them, he was Lord Mayer.

In 1773, Mayer Rothschild invited 12 wealthy revolutionary-minded men to his
goldsmiths shop. Together they formulated a plan to seize control of the worlds
wealth. They made a pact to secretly pool their wealth to bankrupt the nations
of the world and create a New World Order.

King George the 3rd. of England rented Hessian solders from Mayer Rothschild and
prince Wilhelm to fight the American colonists. American colonists had already
shot down millions of American Indians, whose spears and arrows were useless
against the deadly gunfire. The worst holocaust in human history occurred not in
Nazi Germany but on American soil.

By 1776 British and Hessian troops arrived on American shores, ready to fight
the American colonists. The colonists won their independence and Mayer
Rothschild won his blood money from the heads of each and every Hessian solder
killed on the battle-field.

All 5 brothers dedicated themselves to their ancestor's world revolutionary
dream. That dream was to control the entire world under One World Government.

Mayer Rothschild's most successful sons were Nathan, who ran the London bank,
and James who ran the Paris bank. Together they changed the face of history and
became known throughout Europe as the Demon Brothers. Their father had given
them a detailed NWO plan for world control. Adam Weishaupt wrote and completed
the plan on May 1, 1776 with Rothschild financing. It was a futuristic plan that
would put NWO members over the next century into political power positions.

It was a plan to divide and conquer the nations of the world, by provoking war
then profiting from war loans and sales of weapons to both sides. Exhausted by
war, terror and chaos, humanity would eventually bow-down to One World ruler and
One World army as a solution.

It was a plan to control public opinion, by purchasing controlling shares in
newspaper houses, TV networks, publishing houses and film studios.

Sports, games and alcohol would be used to distract the masses. Laws would be
changed, banks would be monopolized and people and nations would be made into
obedient debt-slaves.

With Rothschild financing, Adam Weishaupt formed a secret world revolutionary
group called the Illuminati. He recruited thousands of influential members by
convincing them that only men of superior ability had the right to rule over the
ignorant masses.

French police exposed the plan, when they found documents on an Illuminati
courier who was struck by lightening while traveling from Germany to France.

The Illuminati was forced underground.  They took refuge with the Freemasons.

Nathan and James Rothschild had come up with a scheme that would put the
Illuminati plan for world domination into action. It would also make them filthy
rich.

The brothers helped finance both sides of Napoleon's famous battle at Waterloo,
between the French and the English.

With advanced knowledge of the British victory ( arrived by carrier pigeon ),
Nathan Rothschild spread lies that the British had been defeated, which caused a
crash in the value of British Government bonds. While panicked English investors
sold up their life savings, Nathan Rothschild bought-up their bonds for pennies
on the dollar.

When official news of the British victory at Waterloo arrived, the English bond-
market skyrocketed and so did Nathan Rothschild's wealth.

In one foul swoop, the Demon Brothers had double-crossed the English masses and
taken control of the Bank of England.

Flaunting their tremendous wealth, the brothers went on a lavish spending spree.
They bought mansions and hosted extravagant parties.
 
By 1818 they had fleeced the French investors, by crashing the French Government
bond market. According to plan, the brothers formed the first International bank
and named it M. Rothschild and Sons.

The pope became their most famous customer. The Catholic Church which had
financed the wholesale slaughter, torture and looting the fabulous wealth of
hundreds of thousands of Muslims during the Christian Crusades, were now doing
business with the Demon Brothers.

By 1823 the Rothschilds were guardians of the entire papal treasure and took
over the financial operations of the Catholic Church.

Enraged citizens accused the Rothschilds of trying to control the world's money
markets. Fearing for their lives, the Rothschilds retreated into the shadows and
cast their eyes on the youthful USA. To avoid publicity, the Rothschilds made
themselves invisible by creating and hiding behind two front companies. J P
Morgan and Kuhn and Loeb.

By 1906 J P Morgan's bank controlled 1/3 of America's railways and over 70% of
the steel industry. Imagine JP Morgan , the richest man of America was just a
lieutenant of Rothschild.



The smuggling opium partners of Rothschilds were the Boston Brahmins of USA –
all free masons. The Rothschilds bought controlling interests in British East
India Shipping Company and the illegal Opium trade with China. They offered
junior partnerships to New England's leading American families.

The Russell, Coolidge, DeLeino, Forbes and Perkins families became fabulously
rich smuggling Opium aboard their speedy Clipper ships into China. In 1820
Samuel Russell bought out the Perkins syndicate and ran the Opium smuggling
operation with his partner Warren DeLeino Jr. who was the grandfather of
President Franklin DeLeino Roosevelt.

The Hollywood movie lots are owned by the Illuminati Lehman brothers, Rothschild
agent Kuhn and Loeb and Goldman Sacks.

In 1947 the US played host to an international conference at Breton Woods to put
an end to world poverty and starvation, caused by WW2. The idea was to give
humanitarian loans to needy nations, by creating a World Bank and International
Monetary Fund. But who would be put in charge of these billion dollar mega-
loans?  Who else but the US Federal Reserve, International Banker families.



Putting the US Federal Reserve bankers in charge of humanitarian loans is like
putting pedophiles in charge of day-care centers. Instead of helping the poor,
the bankers turned the World Bank and international monetary fund into
international pawn shops and robbed the poor.



Just to qualify for a loan, desperate nations were forced to pawn their mines,
forests, rail-ways, power companies and water-systems and agree to over 100 loan
conditions at loan-shark interest rates. To pay-off their loans, they were
forced to ignore laws that protected their environment, to lower wages, cut back
on their education and health care.



They were also forced to privatize and sell-off their resources to multi-
national corporations. When poor nations were unable to pay-off their loans,
they were given new loans to pay off their old loans, but the so-called bail-out
loans weren't about bailing-out the poor. They were about lining the pockets of
loan underwriters like City Group and America's most notorious crooks and
bankers.



As desperately poor nations got poorer and poorer, the filthy rich bankers got
richer and richer. And God help anyone who got in their way.



Davison Butho, senior economist at the international monetary fund resigned to
quote "wash my hands of the blood of millions of poor and starving people."

When President John F Kennedy tried to take back America, by reviving US
government printed money, his head was blown-off in a Dallas motorcade.

When his son planned to expose the ugly truth about his father's assassination,
his small plane plunged into the ocean, killing all on board.

Rothschild family are owners of the world's largest central news services. To
the present day, the world depends on these Rothschild owned central news
services as their main source of news and information. In his book called Who
Owns the TV Networks, author Eustis Mullins claims that the major TV networks,
radio stations, newspapers and publishing empires are controlled by the
Rothschild, Rockefeller and J P Morgan money cartels through their corporate
conglomerates.

Control over the internet, publishing, recording and cable companies can be
traced back to the same big 5 media empires: General Electric, Time Warner,
Viacom, Disney and News corp. These media companies are owned directly or
indirectly by the Rothschild, J P Morgan, Rockefeller and Oppenheimer
brotherhood.

Yes, there are now more stations and media voices, but they are all coming from
the same ventriloquist. The formula for global control is the 3-M formula. Money
control, media control and military control. One of America's most gruesome
secrets is that Heroin was smuggled into US during the Vietnam War by hiding it
inside body-bags of dead soldiers.

By the end of the 1960s 1/3 of US soldiers in Vietnam and close to 1 million US
citizens were hooked on Heroin. Drugs like LSD, Mescaline, Marijuana and Hashish
also swamped the streets and college campuses of America.


Free sample sized packages of acid were handed out not only on college campuses,
but at rock concerts where musicians persuaded millions of fans to get high.

Critics of the drug culture blamed parents, teachers, law enforcement and
everybody except the people behind it all. Namely the Rothschild Warburg bankers
and their committee of 300 insiders.

According to Dr. John Coleman, who wrote the story of the committee of 300, the
Beatles rock group were brought to America by the Tavistock Institute. Tavistock
launched the drug culture revolution in America to popularize and normalize
social drug use.

Through their record companies and advertising monopolies, the bankers packaged
and financed their celebrity salesmen to anesthetize, addict and enslave
billions of people world wide with dependencies on both prescription and non
prescription, legal and illegal drugs.

Those drugs range from alcohol, nicotine and caffeine, to Prozac, Viagra, crack-
Cocaine and Heroin. The colossal wealth of the Vatican includes enormous
investments with the Rothschilds in Britain, France and the USA and with giant
oil and weapons corporations like Shell and General Electric. The Vatican solid
gold bullion, worth billions is stored with the Rothschild controlled Bank of
England ,the US Federal Reserve Bank and Swiss banks.

Economic crashes don't just happen, they are made to happen. Economic booms and
busts are controlled by how much money the bankers put in circulation, through
their loans and interest rates. People believe that Allan Greenspan who
announces US interest rates, works for the Fed and that the Fed is a part of the
US government. The Fed is not part of the US government, the Fed is the
privately owned US Federal Reserve Banks, which are owned and controlled by the
international bankers. Every day the bankers move trillions of dollars around
the world's banking and financial markets. They decide if the markets go up or
down, soar or crash.

But why in the world would they want to crash the markets? To destroy people's
confidence in the money system and create a dependent cashless society.

Most people believe that their hard-earned tax money pays for roads, bridges,
schools and other public services. The truth is that most of your tax dollars
goes towards paying the national debt to the international bankers. The bankers
then loan your tax money back to the government and charge interest on it, for
your basic public services. After amassing huge fortunes, the name Rothschild
became synonymous with extravagance and great wealth, and the family was
renowned for its art collecting, for its palaces, as well as for its
philanthropy. By the end of the century, the family owned, or had built, at the
lowest estimates, over 41 palaces, of a scale and luxury perhaps unparalleled
even by the richest Royal families. The soon to be British Prime Minister Lloyd
George claimed, in 1909, that Lord Nathan Rothschild was the most powerful man
in Britain When he died on September 19, 1812, the founder of the House of
Rothschild left a will that was just days old. In it, he laid down specific laws
by which the House that bore his name would operate in future year.

The laws were as follows—read it carefully, it shows the resolve to make money
the Shylock or the Fagin way.

(1) All key positions in the House of Rothschild were to be held by members of
the family, and not by hired hands. Only male members of the family were allowed
to participate in the business. The eldest son of the eldest son was to be the
head of the family unless the majority of the rest of the family agreed
otherwise. It was for this exceptional reason that Nathan, who was particularly
brilliant, was appointed head of the House of Rothschild in 1812. (2) The family
was to intermarry with their own first and second cousins, thus preserving the
vast fortune. This rule was strictly adhered to early on but later, when other
rich Jewish banking houses cam eon the scene, it was relaxed to allow some of
the Rothschilds to marry selected members of the new elite. (3) Amschel forbade
his heirs "most explicitly,in any circumstances whatever, to have any public
inventory made by the courts, or otherwise, of my estate .... Also I forbid any
legal action and any publication of the value of the inheritance .... Anyone who
disregards these provisions and takes any kind of action which conflicts with
them will immediately be regarded as having disputed the will, and shall suffer
the consequences of so doing." (4) Rothschild ordered a perpetual family
partnership and provided that the female members of the family, their husbands
and children should receive their interest in the estate subject to the
management of the male members.



They were to have no part in the management of the business.Anyone who disputed
this arrangement would lose their interest in the Estate.(The last stipulation
was specifically designed to seal the mouths of anyone who might feel like
breaking with the family. Rothschild obviously felt that there were a lot of
things under the family 'rug' that should never see the light of day).

The mighty strength of the House of Rothschild was based on a variety of
important factors: (A) Complete secrecy resulting from total family control of
all business dealings; (B) An uncanny, one could almost say a supernatural
ability to see what lay ahead and to take full advantage of it. The whole family
was driven by an insatiable lust for the accumulation of wealth and power, and
(C) Total ruthlessness in all business dealings. Biographer Frederic Morton, in
The Rothschilds, tells us that Mayer Amschel Rothschild and his five sons were
"wizards" of finance,and "fiendish calculators" who were motivated by a "demonic
drive" to succeed in their secret undertakings.



OK, now the Waterloo epsode in greater detail--


Upon the battle of Waterloo depended the future of the European continent.If the
Grande Armee of Napoleon emerged victorious France would be undisputed master of
all she surveyed on the European front. If Napoleon was crushed into submission
England would hold the balance of power in Europe and would be in a position to
greatly expand its sphere of influence.

Historian John Reeves, a Rothschild partisan, reveals in his book
TheRothschilds, Financial Rulers of the Nations, 1887, page 167, that "one cause
of his [Nathan's] success was the secrecy with which he shrouded,and the
tortuous policy with which he misled those who watched him the keenest."

There were vast fortunes to be made - and lost - on the outcome of the Battle of
Waterloo. The Stock Exchange in London was at fever pitch as traders awaited
news of the outcome of this battle of the giants. If Britain lost,English
consuls would plummet to unprecedented depths. If Britain was victorious,the
value of the consul would leap to dizzying new heights.

As the two huge armies closed in for their battle to the death, Nathan
Rothschild had his agents working feverishly on both sides of the line together
the most accurate possible information as the battle proceeded. Additional
Rothschild agents were on hand to carry the intelligence bulletins to a
Rothschild command post strategically located nearby.

Late on the afternoon of June 15, 1815, a Rothschild representative jumped on
board a specially chartered boat and headed out into the channel in a hurried
dash for the English coast. In his possession was a top secret report from
Rothschild's secret service agents on the progress of the crucial battle.This
intelligence data would prove indispensable to Nathan in making some vital
decisions.

The special agent was met at Folkstone the following morning at dawn by Nathan
Rothschild himself. After quickly scanning the highlights of the report
Rothschild was on his way again, speeding towards London and the Stock Exchange.

Arriving at the Exchange amid frantic speculation on the outcome of the battle,
Nathan took up his usual position beside the famous 'Rothschild Pillar.' Without
a sign of emotion, without the slightest change official expression the stony-
faced, flint eyed chief of the House of Rothschild gave a predetermined signal
to his agents who were stationed nearby.

Rothschild agents immediately began to dump consuls on the market. As hundred of
thousands of dollars worth of consuls poured onto the market their value started
to slide. Then they began to plummet.

Nathan continued to lean against 'his' pillar, emotionless, expressionless. He
continued to sell, and sell and sell. Consuls kept on falling. Word began to
sweep through the Stock Exchange: "Rothschild knows." "Rothschild knows."
"Wellington has lost at Waterloo."  Nathan's carrier pigeon had already
delivered the news that Napoleon had lost.

The selling turned into a panic as people rushed to unload their 'worthless'
consuls or paper money for gold and silver in the hope of retaining at least
part of their wealth. Consuls continued their nosedive towards oblivion. After
several hours of feverish trading the consul lay in ruins. It was selling for
about five cents on the dollar.

Nathan Rothschild, emotionless as ever, still leaned against his pillar. He
continued to give subtle signals. But these signals were different. They were so
different that only the highly trained Rothschild agents could detect the
change. On the cue from their boss, dozens of Rothschild agents made their way
to the order desks around the Exchange and bought every consul in sight for just
a 'song'!

A short time later the 'official' news arrived in the British capital.   England
was now the master of the European scene.

Within seconds the consul sky rocketed to above its original value. As the
significance of the British victory began to sink into the public consciousness,
the value of consuls rose even higher.

Napoleon had 'met his Waterloo.'  Nathan had bought control of the British
economy. Overnight, his already vast fortune was multiplied twenty times over.





Napoleons trusted Doctor had been bribed to lose the leeches which sucked the
pus from his inflammed piles, the night before he lost Waterloo- and he could
NOT ride his horse, and be in command at the seat of battle.



Following their crushing defeat at Waterloo, the French struggled to get back on
their feet financially. In 1817 they negotiated a substantial loan from the
prestigious French banking house of Ouvrard and from the well-known bankers
Baring Brothers of London.  The Rothschilds had been left on the outside looking
in.

The following year the French government was in need of another loan.As the
bonds issued in 1817 with the help of Ouvrard and Baring Brothers were
increasing in value on the Paris market, and in other European financial
centers, it appeared certain that the French government would retain the
services of these two distinguished banking houses.

The Rothschild brothers tried most of the gimmicks in their vast repertoire to
influence the French government to give them the business. Their efforts were in
vain.



The French aristocrats, who prided themselves on their elegance and superior
breeding, viewed the Rothschilds as mere peasants, upstarts who needed to be
kept in their place. The fact that the Rothschilds had vast financial resources,
lived in the most luxurious homes and were attired in the most elegant and
expensive clothes obtainable cut no ice with the highly class conscious French
nobility. The Rothschilds were viewed as uncouth – lacking in social graces. If
we are to believe most historical accounts, their appraisal of the first
generation Rothschilds was probably valid.

One major piece of armament in the Rothschild arsenal the French had overlooked
or ignored - their unprecedented cunning in the use and manipulation of money.

On November 5, 1818, something very unexpected occurred. After a year of steady
appreciation the value of the French government bonds began to fall. With each
passing day the decline in their value became more pronounced.Within a short
space of time other government securities began to suffer too.

The atmosphere in the court of Louis XVIII was tense. Grim faced aristocrats
pondered the fate of the country. They hoped for the best but feared the worst!
The only people around the French court who weren't deeply concerned were James
and Karl Rothschild. They smiled - but said nothing!

Slowly a sneaking suspicion began to take shape in the minds of some onlookers.
Could those Rothschild brothers be the cause of the nation's economic woes?
Could they have secretly manipulated the bond market and engineered the panic?

They had!

During October 1818, Rothschild agents, using their masters' limitless reserves,
had bought huge quantities of the French government bonds issued through their
rivals Ouvrard and Baring Brothers. This caused the bonds to increase in value.
Then, on November 5th, they began to dump the bonds in huge quantities on the
open market in the main commercial centers of Europe, throwing the market into a
panic.

Suddenly the scene in the Aix palace changed. The Rothschilds, who were
patiently biding their time and waiting quietly in an ante room, were ushered
into the presence of the king. They were now he center of attention. Their
clothes were now the height of fashion. "Their money was the darling of the best
borrowers." The Rothschilds had gained control of  France...and control is the
name of the game!

Benjamin Disraeli, who was the prime minister of Britain, wrote a novel titled
Coningsby. The Jewish Encyclopedia, Vol. 10, pp. 501, 5O2 describes the book as
"an ideal portrait" of the Rothschild Empire. Disraeli characterized Nathan (in
conjunction with his four brothers) as"the lord and master of the money markets
of the world, and of course virtually lord and master of everything else. He
literally held there venues of southern Italy in pawn, and monarchs and
ministers of all countries courted his advice and were guided by his
suggestions."

History reveals that the Rothschilds were heavily involved in financing both
sides in the US Civil War. Lincoln put a damper on their activities when,in 1862
and 1863, he refused to pay the exorbitant rates of interest demanded by the
Rothschilds and issued constitutionally-authorized, interest free United States
notes. For this and other acts of patriotism Lincoln was shot down in cold-blood
by John Wilkes Booth on April 14, 1865, just five days after Lee surrendered to
Grant at Appomattox Court House, Virginia.

Booth's grand-daughter, Izola Forrester, states in This One Mad Act that
Lincoln's assassin had been in close contact with mysterious Europeans prior to
the slaying, and had made at least one trip to Europe. Following the killing,
Booth was whisked away to safety by members of the Knights of the Golden Circle.
According to the author, Booth lived for many years following his disappearance.



  

The Jewish House Of Rothschild has been in control of the world for a very long
time, their tentacles reaching into many aspects of our daily lives beginning
with their global financial power.



Who actually controls the world’s banking system? The ownership of the 10
Central banks are:  1. Rothschild Bank of London  2. Warburg Bank of Hamburg  3.
Rothschild Bank of Berlin 4. Lehman Brothers of New York  5. Lazar Brothers of
Paris  6. Kuhn Loeb Bank of New York (Now Shearson American Express)  7. Israel
Moses Seif Banks of Italy  8. Goldman, Sachs of New York  9. Warburg Bank of
Amsterdam  10. Chase Manhattan Bank of New York.

The Federal Reserve Bank of New York is centrally controlled by Nathan M.
Rothschild & Sons of London. The names of these banks are all obviously Jewish
names– the “Rothschild” name was originally “Bauer.”

The family name, “Bauer” became known as Rothschild (red-shield or rotes-schild
in German) in the 18th century when a financial dynasty was founded in Frankfurt
by the Jew, Mayer Amschel Rothschild (Bauer), working in league with the
Illuminati House of Hesse and others.


The red-shield, with the so-called “Star of David,” is a Dravidian Indian Symbol
and only became associated with Jewish people after the Rothschilds adopted it
for themselves. It has absolutely no connection to “King David” as Jewish
historical sources confirm.



The Federal Reserve, Fed, is NOT a national bank, it’s a privet bank owned by 13
jewish owned banks and the chairman of Fed is always a jew. Before it was the
jew Greenspan, today it’s the jew Ben Bernanke. What the jew mafia run Fed is
doing is that they printe the dollar and lend it to US government - at interest.
“Rothschild has been at the centre of the world’s financial markets for over 200
years.”



A corrupt US Congress committed the biggest theft in world history. They passed
Paul Warburg’s Federal Reserve Act in 1913 handing over America’s gold and
silver reserves, and total control of America’s economy, to the Rothschild
banksters. Most Americans still believe that the Fed, or Federal Reserve, is the
Government. It is not. The Fed is a privately owned banking system whose
majority class A shareholders are the Rothschilds, Warburgs, Kuhn and Loeb, J.P.
Morgan, Rockefellers, Israel Seiff and the Lehman Brothers. This private banking
cartel is the Fed and is never audited and never pays taxes.







Modern Rothschild business:-- Concordia BV N M Rothschild & Sons in London
Jardine Strategic Jardine, Matheson & Co Rabobank Group Rothschild Continuation
Holdings AG LCF Rothschild Group Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild
(French Investment bank) Banque privée Edmond de Rothschild (French Investment
bank) La Compagnie Benjamin de Rothschild S.A. (French Investment bank)
COGIFRANCE (French Investment bank) Rio Tinto mining corporation RIT Capital
Partners J. Rothschild Assurance Group  St James's Place Capital North Sea Oil
company Glencore mining and oil United Company RUSAL (American Aluminum company)


The Rothschild family also owns many wine estates: their estates in France
include Château Clarke, Château de Ferrières, Château des Fontaines, Château
Lafite, Château de Laversine, Château des Laurets, Château Malmaison, Château de
Montvillargenne, Château Mouton Rothschild, Château de la Muette, Château
Rothschild d'Armainvilliers, Château Rothschild, Boulogne-Billancourt. They also
own hundreds of wine estates across North America, South America, South Africa
and Australia.
     
THE STATE OF ISRAEL would not exist if it were not for the Jewish Rothschild
Dynasty.
                            

                      





Shimon Peres, the current President of Israel, recently said the following about
the Rothschilds: “Never has a family donated so much of its wealth to the making
of the State of Israel.”




THOUGHT FOR THE CENTURY:


WHY DID NOT ALL POWERFUL HITLER HURT A SINGLE GERMAN JEWISH BANKER?


WHY WAS HITLERS DEAD BODY CHARRED "BEYOND RECOGNITION"?   TODAY IF YOU GO TO
MANY TOURIST ISLAND PARADISES , THERE ARE COUNTLESS CON-MEN/ CRIMINALS WHO DIED
IN FIRES AND EXPLOSIONS, ENJOYING THE FRUITS OF THEIR PAST LABOUR.


By the way, the star of David has been lifted from the 6000 year old holy Hindu
Dravidian symbol for the Anahata ( heart ) Chakra. It is the symbol for the
frequency of the Indian Sitar music MA - 136.10 Hz . If you see the pillars of
ancient Dravidian temples ( see two pictures of Hampi ruins ), you can see it
inscribed on the pillars.  The star was adopted for his seal by King Solomon ,
son of David, whose ships came to Kerala India ( my home state ) for Cinnamon
and shipbuilding teak. Solomons seal had inscriptions in Malayalam , my
language.  The Hampi black stone Shiva Lingam was so powerful for sages ( Indigo
children ) with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands , that it has to be
kept submerged under Tungabhadra river waters. You can still see it there. I am
a Dravidian myself.


The Aryan symbol of the Vedic era of 9000 BC, on the banks of the river
Saraswati is the Swastika ( lifted by Hitler for the Nazi symbol ).










The king maker in England for Winston Churchill and for every American president
from Wilson to Eisenhover ( Ike ) was Bernard Baruch, the billionaire Zionist
Jewish Financier,who was Rothchild’s agent in USA and also a Rothschild
bloodline clone



All genuine criticism of Zionism is automatically branded and disqualified as
"Anti-Semitism", "Discrimination". All public debate on the political abuse and
misuse of "The Holocaust" is branded as "Revisionist Denial", "Antisemitism",
"Hate Mongering", etc... This is all tantamount to Intellectual Terrorism.




Everybody had been wondering why the current generation of Rothschild has
stopped all their covert games. Oh no! They upstaged all their ancestors with
the HOAX of the millennium. GLOBAL WARMING DUE TO GREEN HOUSE GASES . This would
make poor countries rich in natural energy like coal and hydrocarbons buy
biodiesel and alternate from Rothschild's companies in European countries who
have NOTHING in their country— just unfertile , no mineral , no energy
wasteland.
********************************************************************************
YANKS AND POMMIES QUITE CONTRARY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


The Americans love to rundown British practises, with a vengeance.

The Brits drive on the left hand side of the road-- the Yanks drive on the right


The yanks eat with the fork in the right hand, while the Brits hold the fork in
the left hand


Yanks do not drink tea, they love coffee


Brits use minus screw driver, while the Yanks use plus


The Brits keep a red buoy to port while a Yank keeps it to starboard


The Yanks throw a switch upwards , while the Brits do it downwards


The Brits have a round football, the Yanks have a oval shaped one


The Yanks play football with their hands, while Brits play soccer with feet


The Brits put down date as D/M/Y while the Yank will use M/D/Y or whatever


The Brits have a shoe size 8 for an adult, while the Yanks have some other
bumber


The Yanks have 110 V and 60 Hz, while Brits have 220 V and 50 Hz


The Yanks and Brits have different number of raster lines on their TV and their
systems are different


A Yank plug will not fit into a Brit electrical socket


A Yank Billion has different zeroes from a Brit Billion


Brits use VHF, yanks use UHF --american channel


Pronounciation of Brit English and Yank English is different --say antI


Spellings of Brit and Yank English are different -- say color, realiZe

But then I guess this is what happens , when someone tries hard to be different.


Example:-- At Mecca , the pilgrims go 7 times anticlockwise, while Vedic
pradikshanam is 7 times clockwise around a black meteoric stone.

OM 's mirror image has been converted to make the Islamic holy number 786.

And the black stone is kept horizontally, head high-- instead of vertically on
the ground.
********************************************************************************
ARE YOU MENTALLY SICK -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


HOARDING, THE OCD

Read this piece and judge for yourself , if you are mentally sick.

After that think about your immediate family and friends. 30% chances are that
you have this mental disease called OBSESSIVE COMPULSIVE DISORDER.

Are you a hoarder?

Think of all the cloth in your house--inside wardrobes. attics etc. How many of
them will you use for the next 3 years. What is the percentage which you have
hoarded?


Hoarding is an effort to manage the anxiety raised by obsessive doubts.


There will be  a disruption to feelings of self-worth, interpersonal
relationships, occupation, or health as a result of hoarding items which are
worthless.

Hoarders experience intense anxiety when they even think of discarding what most
others view as useless objects.

They are affected by anxiety-provoking thoughts such as: "What if I run out?"
"What if I need to know something and don't have the information available?" "
"What if I throw it away but the day comes when I really need it?"


Hoarding usually starts in an attic, then in a basement, a spare room, a closet,
and then, eventually, takes over every room of the house. As their mounds of
useless items continue to climb toward the ceiling, their home is no longer a
home.  Room after room ceases to function. What was once a normal, functional
home becomes room after room of trash bins. You look under the bed you will find
dust and trash.

Strong emotional connections are formed to the extent that an individual feels a
sense of safety or comfort.  Hoarders are suspicious of other people touching
possessions , as they feel it may be thrown away , when they are not around.

If you are not a hoarder, but your friend is, it is your duty to help him to
change. Convince him that being overly sentimental does not bring happiness---
that storing up stuff only brings misery, chaos, and isolation.

Get him involved in dividing his stuff into 4 groups. “Keepers”, “Donations”,
“To Sell”, and “Garbage.” There is no point in throwing stuff away when your
hoarder friend or relative is out of town. Be sure the hoarder stands at the
front door and grants the final “OK” on each item. It’s vital that he makes the
earth shakin’ decision of what to do with his garbage stuff.



Be aware that he’ll have a hard time making up his mind, and will, most likely,
not want to let go of most of his things. But gently remind him of his goal to
change and find order, happiness, and peace---to reclaim his home.

All hoarders firmly believe that every single object will be useful one day,
whether it is a broken toy, old magazine, torn ill fitting shoes, empty
container, plastic bag , old tooth brushes, old school notebooks, old damaged
music tapes .. They will have an imaginary emotional connection to all such
garbage.

Rings a familiar bell , right?  Well be aware!



Hoarders are afraid to throw away things, this is why it is a mental disease.
Hoarders live with so much clutter it may endanger their physical health. Dirt,
mites, ticks , insects, and bacteria that form over a period of time can cause
sickness and unhappiness. Excessive paper and cloth in a home can cause a fire.



Compulsive hoarding can have an adverse effect on a family. Family members who
share a home with the hoarder cannot understand why their loved one keeps so
many useless garbage . It prevents the family from enjoying their home. Inmates
get allergy,  Rhinitis and get depressed for no rhyme or reason. Functional
spaces are lost due to clutter.  For example, table tops occupy useless stuff.

The family of the hoarder is ashamed of bringing their friends home. There is no
happiness or love. Hoarders make themselves miserable and and everyone else
miserable.


People with personality disorders , generally, blame others for their problems.
They are awful to work with because they don’t accept responsibility for
themselves and therefore never change.

Remember, there is NO medicine for treating hoarding. This OCD is due to bad
programming in your genes. You need to wipe out the blue print and insert a
healthy one.

Vipassana meditaion is one sure way.  Read my post dated 9th Feb 2011, and
change for the better.

It is about letting go first and then changing for the better. You can never
learn, unless you unlearn.
********************************************************************************
PORT ROYAL, THE PIRATE HAVEN -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





In 1992, my chemical tanker was anchored at Kingston bay. I was in my cabin,
talking to the agent on VHF. Suddenly the whole ship lurched, and i felt that my
ship had been rammed by some other ship. So i ran on the bridge wings , and
found nothing special. The sea was calm with no ripples or wake.

I noticed my entire crew and officers were already standing on the poop deck. I
was the only Indian, in command,  the rest were Jamaican, with a Russian Chief
Engineer thrown in for good measure..

The crew shouted , to me that Kingston just had a earth quake. The shore
buildings were very near, and i could see people running out of all buildings.
In the distance I could see dust from a hill landslide.

That reminded me of Port Royal. Port Royal was the richest city in the world ,
till at 11:43 a.m. on June 7, 1692, a severe earth quake measuring 7.5 on the
Richter scale, decimated everything.






Out of 4 forts, only one Fort Charles remained standing. Everything else slid
under the sea in two minutes, killing 3000 people.. Before the earthquake, the
town consisted of 6,500 inhabitants living in about 2,000 brick and wood
buildings.





Indeed it could be said, that this horrific event was God’s punishment for
unlawful proceedings ( void in human consciousness ) by a group of sinful
people. It was home to some of the vilest individuals on earth, and had tonnes
of stolen gold.



On the very night of the quake, those who survived the disaster in the destroyed
town were said to have been back at their "old trade of drinking, swearing and
whoring". No preacher who ever entered the port hoping to convert the wayward
masses of the island ever lasted more than a few weeks before departing to more
civilized places.






From 1660 to 1692, Port Royal therefore became a haven for rogues such as the
Welshman, Henry Morgan and 'three-fingered' Jack Rack ham.


After this 1692 disaster, Port Royal's commercial role was steadily taken over
by the new City of Kingston.


Port Royal is the inspiration for movies like Pirates of the Caribbean.



Spain maintained control over the island of Jamaica for 146 years, until the
English invasion of 1655. Port Royal provided a safe harbour initially for
privateers and subsequently for pirates plying the shipping lanes to and from
Spain and Panama. Buccaneers found Port Royal appealing for several reasons.



Its proximity to trade routes allowed them easy access to prey Spanish ships
sailing back from South America with gold. When they returned to their
sanctuary, no mortal dared enter Port Royal in pursuit, as it was guarded by 4
forts. This pirate haven was one of the best defended ports in the world and
most feared.

By the 1660s, the city had gained a reputation as the Sodom of the New World
where most residents were pirates, cut throats, or prostitutes. . During a
twenty-year period that ended in 1692, nearly 8000 people lived in Port Royal.


The colonial city of Port Royal, the largest English-held city in the Caribbean,
was a haven for pirates and other less-than-savory characters under British
rule, Buccaneers, gamblers, prostitutes etc. In 1687, when Port Royal was
commonly referred to as “the wickedest city on earth. The harbour was large
enough to accommodate several ships and provided a place to careen and repair
these vessels.



This was the place where pirates from all over the world, spend their shore
leave. Port Royal transformed into a criminal nest. Here all pirates were equal.
There were hundreds of brothels and taverns. At the height of its popularity,
the city had one drinking house for every ten residents . They drank bombo or
bumboo, a mixture of rum, water, sugar, and nutmeg.  Rum fustian was another
popular drink that blended raw eggs with sugar, sherry, gin, and beer.  Pirates
also enjoyed beer, sherry, brandy, and port.



They played cards or rolled dice, although most articles of agreement forbade
gambling on board ships to prevent arguments that divided the crew or proved
fatal to one or more participants. When ashore, pirates squandered their booty
on drink, women, and games of chance.



Pirates or Port Royal emulated gentleman merchants by wearing knee breeches,
stockings, embroidered waistcoats, lace-trimmed shirts, long coats, and shoes
with silver buckles and high heels, to impress the ladies.  And some of these
ladies were indeed rich and pretty. A few wore powdered wigs or ornate jewelry.
They acquired these brightly colored garments as shares of booty taken from
captured ships.  While at sea, they usually wore one outfit until the garments
were no better than rags.



Most of these Pirates were desperadoes. Many of the men were killed and their
families were shipped off to the dungeons of the Inquisition; those men that
survived turned to a life of piracy.




Have you heard the song "Sixteen men on a dead man's ship? Yo ho ho and a bottle
of rum"? That jingle told the tale of 16 pirates marooned on the BVI's island of
Dead Chest with a single bottle of grog. The fight which ensued left no
survivors. Such was the brutality of the pirates.



When I took my wife and children to Disney land in USA and Japan, it was indeed
amusing to the dummy Pirates serenading the ladies, drinking , swearing and
generally living it up like a “ sailor on shore leave”.
********************************************************************************
MODERN ABSTRACT ART AND PICASSO -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Today the Pakistani Sufi singer Rahat Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan , was arrested at an
Indian airport for having a huge amount of undeclared US dollars with him.


I got to know this singer, when i saw a movie Haal- E- dil on board my ship.
Usually i am too busy to see a movie or even go ashore, on my Chemical Tanker.


I saw this movie, then hit the bed as it was late at night, then got up after 20
minutes of tossing and turning , and saw the movie once more.  Next day, I gave
the movie DVD back to the Third mate and told him " I saw this movie twice ".


He remarked " If Capt Vadakayil has seen a movie twice, it means it is worth
seeing!"


I said " I expect this movie to be a total flop all over the world. The producer
has put his own plain Jane daughter as the heroine, but she has done a good job.
And there is a soul stirring song by some Sufi style Pakistani guy" .


Well the singer was the same Pakistani Rahat Khan.


This brings me back to art.  Real art has been buried, by vested interests.


So many talented artists and singers have died penniless, yet the pretenders
laugh all the way to the bank. It is all about marketing.


Who cares for true talent?


A few years ago, i visited an art exhibition at Mumbai--Jehangir art gallery.
Among all the paintings displayed, there was NOT A SINGLE painting, which
required a vestige of talent. Most of them were abstract modern art. A few
realistic landscapes etc, did not have any true perspective or true light
sourcing.


I went to the painter who commanded the highest price, borrowed a sheet of paper
and a carbon stick , and drew his face in about 5 minutes - free hand. By some
amount of luck it turned out stunningly real.  Now, i am the type of guy who
performs better, in hostile conditions. I do not care for home crowd advantage.
Lot of people gathered around me .


Then I asked him if he can do the same . His reply was simple " I don't do human
portraits and faces " .  A lady in the crowd sniggered loudly , " That is
because he cannot do it, even if he wanted to. He is THE modern abstract
painter".


This reminds me how art has degenerated.


In school when i was 12 years old, we had a all India CBSE School art contest.
My art teacher, called me and told me to make a clay model. I told him that i
have never attempted it before. I was a proven good painter , both water color
and oil, and had won several trophies for my school at the Calicut district
schools level. He suggested that i must make a model of Mother and Child , and
dumped a large quantity of clay in my hands.


I lugged all the clay home, and then i suddenly remembered that one of the local
hospitals ( Ashoka ) had a Michelangelo Madonna statute mounted on the top
floor. So i took my bike, watched it for about 15 minutes and then came home,
with a stiff neck . A lot of people were gaping up from the street along with me
wondering what i was looking at-- probably a free , no pantie up-skirt show --
or what? .


My mother and child came out exquisite. I used a wire skeleton , and the whole
thing just came up like magic. A smaller 1/8 version though.  The next day
evening i took it to my art teacher.


He had a look at it , and told me that my statue is too smooth and realistic ,
and that i must roughen it. He said, art has degenerated , that a smooth statue
stood no chance in winning a prize. -- like how a smooth combed male hair do ,
will be any day beaten by a gel stiffened dishevelled punk Ronaldo hairdo  .





So in his presence, with a heavy heart, i used a sharp blade and surface chipped
the whole thing, and gave it  that rough look. The clay was not yet hard. To cut
a long story short, it secured the third prize, at All India Level.


Even today I feel, that Michelangelo's masterpiece looks better in the silken
smooth NATURAL REALISTIC way.


It is the age of tattered jeans.


See the outlandish dresses on FTV on skeleton type females, who cant even walk
properly.. They walk funnier than the high steppin' hackneys.


And for Hollywood award functions see famous actresses shamelessly wear --" look
MA, no yeast on mE twat !" -- peek a boo gowns, where everything is covered
except the crotch.


Vested magazines and TV critics call the shots.


My younger son can draw a human face better than me. But there is NO way, he can
make a mark in the art world.  Like my school art teacher had warned me " Real
art has been hijacked !. It is the era of vested pretenders, who want it a
particular way, to achieve their own ends " .







Let me show 2 paintings of my younger son, which won awards at school, when he
was just 9 and 10 years old.  He had beaten all 16 year olds.  THE DRAGON
PAINTING IS 4D MODERN ART.


I cannot explain degeneration of art, unless I speak about Picasso, the father
of modern art.


Indeed Picasso had talent as a young man. But not enough talent to paint your
realistic face in 5 minutes. As he grew older, he lost his skills, and others
overtook him. Being the shrewd Spaniard he was, he went into abstract , to paint
a large mural 11 feet 6 inches high and 25 feet 8 inches wide (3,5 x 7,76
meters) in size. It is shown below.





In my opinion it was an excellent effort, and he delivered what he was told to
do. He showcased the bombing of Guernica, a sleepy small village, in Basque
country, by German and Italian warplanes, at the behest of Spanish Nationalist
forces on 26 April 1937, during the Spanish civil war.  It was displayed at the
Paris International Exposition in the 1937 World's Fair at Paris.

It now hangs in the Reina Sofia Art Centre madrid.


Two of the world famous comments were--

Guernica shows suffering people, animals, and buildings wrenched by violence and
chaos.

§  The overall scene is within a room where, at an open end on the left, a wide-
§  eyed bull stands over a woman grieving over a dead child in her arms. The
§  centre is occupied by a horse falling in agony as it had just been run
§  through by a spear or javelin. It is important to note that the large gaping
§  wound in the horse's side is a major focus of the painting. Two "hidden"
§  images formed by the horse appear in Guernica: A human skull overlays the
§  horse's body. A bull appears to gore the horse from underneath. The bull's
§  head is formed mainly by the horse's entire front leg which has the knee on
§  the ground. The leg's knee cap forms the head's nose. A horn appears within
§  the horse's breast. The bull's tail forms the image of a flame with smoke
§  rising from it, seemingly appearing in a window created by the lighter shade
§  of gray surrounding it. Under the horse is a dead, apparently dismembered
§  soldier; his hand on a severed arm still grasps a shattered sword from which
§  a flower grows. On the open palm of the dead soldier is a stigma, a symbol of
§  martyrdom derived from the stigmata of Christ. A light bulb blazes in the
§  shape of an evil eye over the suffering horse's head (the bare bulb of the
§  torturer's cell.) Picasso's intended symbolism in regards to this object is
§  related to the Spanish word for lightbulb; "bombilla", which makes an
§  allusion to "bomb" and therefore signifies the destructive effect which
§  technology can have on society. To the upper right of the horse, a frightened
§  female figure, who seems to be witnessing the scenes before her, appears to
§  have floated into the room through a window. Her arm, also floating in,
§  carries a flame-lit lamp. The lamp is positioned very close to the bulb, and
§  is a symbol of hope, clashing with the light bulb. From the right, an awe-
§  struck woman staggers towards the center below the floating female figure.
§  She looks up blankly into the blazing light bulb. Daggers that suggest
§  screaming replace the tongues of the bull, grieving woman, and horse. A bird,
§  possibly a dove, stands on a shelf behind the bull in panic. On the far
§  right, a figure with arms raised in terror is entrapped by fire from above
§  and below. A dark wall with an open door defines the right end of the mural.

BBB ) Made by scholar Beverly Ray--   §  The shape and posture of the bodies
express protest. § Picasso uses black, white, and grey paint to set a somber
mood and express pain and chaos. § Flaming buildings and crumbling walls not
only express the destruction of Guernica, but reflect the destructive power of
civil war. §  The newspaper print used in the painting reflects how Picasso
learned of the massacre. §  The light bulb in the painting represents the sun. §
The broken sword near the bottom of the painting symbolizes the defeat of the
people at the hand of their tormentors.

Picasso chipped in -- "Art is a lie that makes us realize truth. The symbolism I
used includes a dying horse, a woman caught in a burning building, and an
anguished mother with a dead child".

It then went around on a world tour, and attracted much applause and comment.


After this Picasso went into the abstract mode of Cubism. He roped into Cubism
Georges Braque, a well known painter.


Cubism came naturally to Picasso ,as he was born a dyslexic.


He did NOT attend school. His father Jose Ruiz Blasco was an art teacher , and
forced him into art, just to make him survive .


Picasso had a very difficult birth on 25th Oct 1881. He became blue , as he did
not breathe, as he come out into the world, from the womb. As a last ditch
attempt somebody blew a mouthful of heavy cigar smoke into the baby's lungs,
causing him to cough and start breathing.


 Laterhebecameaschizophrenic.Hetookonmanywives.Mostofthemwereunderageasyoungas13
 .Twoofhiswivescommittedsuicideand2ofthemwentintomentalhospitals.


They developed a CULT, by striking the right poses and terrific self promotion.
If you did not cry WOW-- you were just a moron, who did not understand art, and
had no imagination.


Every one were forced to jump into the bandwagon of " See, the Emperor is
wearing clothes!" The story:

An emperor was approached by two tailors who said that they could make him a
suit of clothes of surpassing beauty, and the emperor decided to try them. The
tailors asked for hundreds of pounds of thread made of silver and gold, shut
themselves up for weeks, and finally came forward with a suit made of cloth so
fine that it would be invisible to anyone who was stupid and incompetent. The
emperor could not see the suit but he did not want to admit that he was stupid
and incompetent, so he decided to put it on.


Once they were informed that only those who were not stupid and incompetent
could see the suit, all of the emperor's ministers raved about it. The emperor
believed that they could see it and was disturbed that he was the only one who
was stupid and incompetent. He decided to give a parade so that all of his
subjects could admire the new suit.


At the parade a little child cried out what all of the spectators saw but were
afraid to admit: that the emperor was naked, and he could see his balls
swinging. The emperor and all the others suddenly realized that the suit did not
exist. The tailors were long gone, and of course all the thread of silver and
gold that was in the suit.


Picasso founded an art magazine, with rich investors to back him.   All made
money.


The real talented artists were left begging for food.


Cezanne jumped into the bandwagon, crying about the golden rectangle ( ancient
Vedic stuff ). Soon Matisse jumped in.


Here is a true event .


World famous paintings by the greatest abstract artists, without revealing the
name of the artist were displayed. Some of these paintings were hung upside
down. A Chimp aged 4 by the name of Congo, had painted several abstract
paintings--basically splashed paint. The Chimps work was selected by the world
famous, investors , art critics and viewers.


This just shows how art has been hijacked into a cult, where everybody follows
and toes the line , in a zombie manner. These pathetic art critics, absorbed
into the cult,  love to talk about perception. There is no execution of an idea
what-so-ever.


 "Modernism" such as cubism and expressionism intentionally distorts and hides
 "reality, it doesn't interpret and explain it, as real art does.


We're in the realm of hijacked opinion , not objectivity. Cubism has thrived as
an art form and such dreadful daubings are worth many millions.





Hey, Picasso lovers--just check out Rembrandt, Rubens, Monet, Renoir , VanGogh
etc to see what talent is all about--










Picasso marketed 20000 of such ugly works, till the age of 92.


BLAH BLAH BLAH --


Abstract art is a form of art which uses a visual language of form, art, and
color instead of straightforward depictions of images. BLAH Abstract paintings
are symbolic rather than literal. Abstract drawing is a form of expressing
thoughts without creating a realistic image on canvas or paper. BLAH They may be
just colors blended together to suggest a mood or shades of colors brought
together to express emotion. BLAH Abstract drawing can be created by simply
sweeping lines or brush strokes on paper with no particular organization. this
creates a dramatic ambience, suitable to express emotions.


BLAH BLAH BLAH--

Here is a joke about such bullshit visualization--
 





Several centuries ago, the Pope decided that all the Jews had to leave the
Vatican. Naturally there was a big uproar from the Jewish community.

So the Pope made a deal. He would have a religious debate with a member of the
Jewish community. If the Jew won, the Jews could stay. If the Pope won, the Jews
would leave.

The Jews realized that they had no choice. So they picked an elderly aged man
named Moishe to represent them. Rabbi Moishe's Latin wasn't very good - in fact,
he knew very little --- but he was a man of great faith and well respected in
the Jewish community. The pope agreed. What could be easier than a silent
debate?
 

The day of the great debate came. Moishe and the Pope sat opposite each other
for a full minute before the Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers.
Moishe looked back at him and raised one finger. The Pope waved his fingers in a
circle around his head. Moishe pointed to the ground where he sat.

The Pope pulled out a wafer and a glass of wine. Moishe pulled out an apple. The
Pope stood up and said, "I give up. This man is too good. The Jews can stay."
 
An hour later, the cardinals were all around the Pope asking him what happened.
The Pope said: "First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He
responded by holding up one finger to remind me that there was still one God
common to both our religions.

Then I waved my finger around me to show him that God was all around us. He
responded by pointing to the ground and showing that God was also right here
with us.

I pulled out the wine and the wafer to show that God absolves us from our sins.
He pulled out an apple to remind me of original sin. He had an answer for
everything. What could I do?"
 
Meanwhile, the Jewish community had crowded around Moishe. "What happened?" they
asked.

"Well, said Moishe, First he said to me that the Jews had three days to get out
"of here. I told him that not one of us was leaving.

Then he told me that this whole city would be cleared of Jews. I let him know
that we were staying right here."

"And then? asked a woman.

"I don't know, said Moishe. He took out his dang lunch and so I took out mine.
 


He was doing child molestation all through, and nobody could stop this man.




His propaganda machine cried " It is the child like virginal quality - the pure
potential - of these women that attracted him" while in reality he was having
perverse sex with all of them, using his millions.

Even our own self promoted and over rated MF Hussain tried to work his non-
existant charm , on attractive Bollywood actresses like Madhuri Dixit, Tabu,
Amrita Rao etc. They problem was these intelligent women visualised his ugliness
in his swimming trunks ,  -- NOT in a Hermes suit in front of his Buggati, as a
dumb gold diggin' blonde would have done.



      
Art is an outlet for a man to be creative. It goes beyond feelings. It requires
vision and talent. Most abstract modern art is BULLSHIT.


The final image and the concept, are equally pathetic. Modern computers can give
much better abstract art.


Have you seen the latest swirling MP3 images ? Why do we need painters to still
these colourful images , or do Alt+ Print screen?


Where is the neuron baiting or expansion of mind here?


A modern day art museum is full of lies. There is a huge poverty of human
spirit.


All rich painters are over rated--an example being our own over-rated MF
Hussain. He creates waves by doing something outrageous, like painting Hindu
gods in the nude , or wearing a Hermes suit and walking barefooted into a party.
And all would cry--WOW! What a genius-- he has forgotten to wear shoes. He would
wine and dine selective media powers, and they would come on TV and say "
Hussian- saab is an angel !"


How long do we have to survive this absurd irrelevance, having NIL aesthetic
value?


What is all this BULLSHIT abstract art that uses shapes and negative space
rather than representations of actual objects---


-- where unless you discern a particular meaning , you branded as " not too
-- bright" ?



  
Can any of the abstract artists of this planet, conceptualise what is the 4th
dimension? Do they have a concept of how 4D ultrasound pictures of formed for
the baby in the womb? The 11th dimension will be too much for them.



EYE OPENER:


 INARTAUCTIONS,MOSTOFTHERIDICULOUSTOPBIDSOFSEVERALMILLIONDOLLARSAREMADEBYTHEPAIN
 TERHIMSELF.HEJUSTUSESAFRONT.OFCOURSEHEDOESNOTHAVETOPAYHIMSELF.ANDTHEARTMAGAZINE
 WHICHHECONTROLSANDTHEBRIBEDPRESSCRITICSWILLMAKESURETHETOPBIDMAKESTHEHEADLINES.



QUOTE:  1945 Chateau Mouton-Rothschild Jeroboam-- Sold at $114,614
 

Sold to an “anonymous buyer” at a Christie’s auction in 1997, this bottle comes
from what is considered by wine enthusiasts to be one of the finest vintages of
the 20th century. UNNQUOTE

Let me test your IQ-- who do you think bought this blessed bottle

of red wine? Yes- of course, Rothschild himself. IN INDIAN CINEMA,   MOST OF THE
FIRST WEEK COLLECTIONS ( FAN CLUBS FULL OF ROWDIES ARE FOR THIS PURPOSE ) ARE
SPENT BY THE STAR HIMSELF.  THESE FAN CLUBS ARE PAID SALARY MONEY EVERY MONTH IN
MILLIONS.  THESE FAN CLUBS ALSO MAKE SURE THEY PURCHASE THE TICKETS OF AN
UPCOMING  RIVAL STAR, TO BOO THROUGHOUT THE MOVIE, BREAK FURNITURE AND WALK OUT
IN A HUFF.


SURPRISED?


In the US Master Chef contest of 2011, the winner , a small town Mississippi
girl, Whitney, was ridiculed by a panel of the best food critics of the world in
the quarter finals, as someone who cannot cook, by tasting one of her dishes. At
that time I told my wife--THIS GIRL WILL TAKE THE TROPHY.  She won the
semifinals and then finals , where the judges were chefs , NOT critics.   Just
to show what critics are worth.


WHO ARE THESE BULLSHIT CRITICS ?


DO THEY HAVE A HOTLINE WITH GOD , LIKE THE POPE ?


DO THEY HAVE TONGUES AND TASTE BUDS BETTER OR BIGGER , THAN YOU AND ME?


WHO ARE THESE FUC#ERS ?


THESE MONSTERS MADE THEMSELVES OR WERE MADE BY MONEY POWER , RIGHT ?


And now something about this Master Chef cooking contest.


We are supposed to believe that cooking is rocket science cum work of art.
Contestants had to make theme items conveying love, anger, lust , greed --blah
blah.


And then the dumb lookin' judge would say  " I cant see the theme in the dish
you made".   And you should hear the ridiculous ways they describe each dish!!
Dont these stupid people know that there are billions on this planet.


All of us eat cooked dishes, daily , 3 times a day -- right?  unlike the bombing
of Guernica canvas--


The proof of the pudding lies in the eating-- not in the garnishing,  or
bullshit comments of critics.


Probably it might be a great and novel thing for people who eat hamburgers,
french fries , fried meat, microwaved frozen food and tinned stuff , doused in
ketchup -- day in day out.

The dumb looking cooks and the critics really tried hard to show that they are
cerebral. If a contestant screws up the cooking, he would claim " I innovated!".
Now since innovation is the IN thing in town, the judges would gasp " Wow! you
have balls of steel, and give him max marks !"


Bottom line:

Interpreting abstract art.-- Black Irish Humor



Above-- Tina Ambani pays 2.5 million dollars for this bullshit painting "Birth"
by FN Souza-- probably to show the world -- " I have made it large ".


At the National Art Gallery in Dublin , a husband and wife were staring at a
portrait that had them completely confused.

The painting depicted 3 black men totally naked, sitting on a bench.

Two of the figures had black penises, but the one in the middle had a pink
penis.

The curator of the gallery realized that they were having trouble interpreting
the painting and offered his personal assessment.

He went on for over half an hour explaining how it depicted the sexual
emasculation of African Americans in a predominately white, patriarchal society,
literally frothin' from the mouth.

'In fact, he pointed out, some serious critics believe that the pink penis also
'reflects the cultural and sociological oppression experienced by gay men in
'contemporary society.

After the curator left, an Irishman approached the couple and said, 'Would you
like to know what the painting is really about?'

'Now why would you claim to be more of an expert than the curator of the
'gallery?, asked the couple.

'Because I am the artist who painted the picture, he replied.

'In fact, there are no African Americans depicted at all. Theyre just three
'Irish coalminers. The guy in the middle went home for lunch.

 TEEHEEE!

By the way all modern art is supposed to be in 4D., as in a Klein Bottle, where
spacetime is distorted so there is no inside or outside, only one surface.




Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
QUANTUM DRINK, COCONUT WATER -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



I come from a place Kerala of India, where there are more coconut trees per
square kilometer, than anywhere else on this planet.





So who could be more qualified than me than to write a piece on the magic of
tender coconut water.


Recently the secret was spilled , that the pop singer Madonna, uses tender
coconut water, to prevent ageing.


Immediately Coke and Pepsi made a dash to make money out of this. Pepsi started
selling packages coconut water from Brazilian outlet Amococo. Coke, not to be
outdone, started selling Zico. Many other US firms also jumped into the
bandwagon.


All YE foolish people who drink this packaged stuff-- take this from Capt
Vadakayil--


You must drink the tender coconut water within a minute of exposing the water
from the opened coconut to the atmosphere. After 60 seconds the water dies.


The magic is in the QUANTUM action, of the pristine water.


It contains Lauric acid, found in Mothers milk.


The magic is NOT in the vitamins and minerals--of course it has mundane
benefits--  but NOT the magic.


Tender coconut water is the most sterile and purest liquid on earth. It is the
only liquid which can be used for intravenous plasma transfusions , as it is
electrolytic. In the 2nd World war it saved so many soldiers from certain death,
that it is called the water of life.


People in Kerala India drank coconut water, to recover faster from Chikunguniya
( break bone fever, Dengue ). Otherwise the terrible joint pains , take too long
to subside.


Let me list out the good effects of LIVING coconut water:--


Prevents hypertension.

Prevents fatty liver problems


Increases libido and sexual performance for both sexes.


Revitalised the reproductive system , for barren couples.


Anti-oxidant and chases away free radicals.


Flushes toxins away from the cells due to proper surface tension.


Urinary infections and bladder problem


Natural diuretic for flushing the urinary system, the water flows through fast


Prevents kidney stones and flushing ones already built up


Controls Cholesterol and hardening of arteries


Improves bowel movement and hence constipation


Helps faster recovery from Bacterial and Viral diseases, without side effects


Boosts blood circulation due to pH balance


Increases metabolism and weight loss


Boosts immune system


Isotonic beverage , more Potassium/ Sodium ,less Sodium and NIL fats


An excellent skin softener and anti wrinkle wash




Contains the following minerals:--

Calcium Magnesium Phosphorus Iron Potassium Zinc Sodium Selenium Copper
Manganese



Contains the following Vitamins:--

Vitamin C Riboflavin Thiamine Niacin Vitamin B12 Vitamin B6 Folate Pantothenic
Acid Choline

Water is a perfect conductor of electricity and is thus important in the
operation of our bodies. The electrical potential is shared between the brain
neurons through electrochemical transmitters. This electrical potential of brain
chemistry must be present for any of our "thoughts" to take place. The human
brain is about 85% water.

 Waterisagooddietaidandfatreducer.Itsuppressestheappetite,reducessodiumbuildupan
 dhelpsmaintainmuscletone.Waterhelpsthebodyeliminatewasteandtoxins.Itrelievesflu
 idretention.Ifyoudon’tdrinkwater,itholdsontotoexistingwatertenaciouslysoitwontr
 unout.Whenyourkidneysdon’tgetenoughwater,itcausesthelivertogetoverloaded.



Our bodies need the minerals that are in water. Our body cannot readily adsorb
colloidal minerals. Our bodies can only absorb minerals which are water soluble.
The bodies job is to transform food into atoms and molecules that are found in
our bodies. This transformation occurs inside the cells in our bodies.

Every cell is like a building block or a little miniature factory which can
process the food we eat into energy for growth and performance of its own
particular body regulating function. Nutrients travel in the bloodstream, which
will carry them to where they are needed.

We have more than 70 trillion cells in our body. Water passes through our cells
on a regular basis . The cell has no way of passing anything through it that is
not water soluble.

More than 60% of the bodies total water content is contained inside the cells.


Minerals decrease the surface tension of water leading to easier absorption in
the large intestine resulting in better hydration.


Trace minerals support alkalinity of the tissues of the body by buffering acid.

Tender coconut water ( drunk within 2 minutes of opening ) is good for people
who are on the road to Diabetes 2 - have one glass coconut water a day.
********************************************************************************
THE HUMAN APPENDIX, THE MISUNDERSTOOD ORGAN -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



The human appendix is an organ which the medical fraternity says, is a useless
part, fixed on our body by God.


Sorry, this intelligent force which resides in your DNA and preserves the
blueprint, is NOT stupid.


At home when you go for a crap, the fecal matter enters a septic tank. There is
NIL oxygen in this tank, only methane. The bacteria inside is called anaerobic
bacteria, which processes the shit. This bacteria will die if you open the slab
of the pit, and allow oxygen to enter.


On the ship we have a Sewage treatment plant. Our fecal matter enters this
plant, which has a turbo fan running all the time, 24 hrs a day, 365 days a
month. The bacteria in this plant is called aerobic bacteria,, as they are
oxygen dependant. You put off the fan, and the aerobic bacteria dies. And then
the plant stinks.


The intelligent force called God had meant it this way. This is called the
Cosmic dance of Shiva. In Vedas we refer to this as Tamas Rajas. Chinese call it
Yin Yang.


When the Aerobic bacteria dies due to oxygen getting cut off, the Anaerobic
bacteria which does NOT require oxygen starts giving birth-- in a smooth manner.


It is a perfect tango of dynamic balance where one polar opposite changes into
another smoothly and constantly
 
In this cosmos if the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe
will spiral out of control and end.

Yin and yang are natural forces which transform each other and are in perfect
harmony. Harmony can never be stagnant . Lessening of Yin- always results in
increase of Yang and vice versa.   Whatever is in excess gets reduces, whatever
is deficient gets replenished.

Now let me get back to the grossly misunderstood human appendix.


In the ancient days , before man started cooking food, he ate raw stuff,
including raw meat. His stomach and intestines were designed for Yin-yang or
Tamas-Rajas, change over.


This is where the appendix came in at the Caecum. In the olden days before it
got shrivelled into a 10 cm long 8mm wide worm like organ,  it harboured aerobic
bacteria .


It also gave out lubricant mucous with the Caecum to trap harmful substances and
keep them from penetrating into the tissue.


The natural mucus is needed for lubrication in the elimination of waste..


Toxins were prevented from getting absorbed into the blood.


When uncooked and undigested foods begin putrefying, it creates an over acidic
condition. The friendly bacteria begin to die off, creating an anaerobic
environment for disease producing bacteria, virus, fungi, mold, parasites or
yeast infections. The accumulation of toxins or poisons from this environment
can build up in the lymph and bloodstream. This condition is called auto-
intoxication or self-poisoning.


When the colon environment becomes out-of-balance, colon cancer and other
disease is the end result. When the toxins are absorbed through the blood
capillaries lining the large intestine, the blood will putrefy and further
acidification of the blood takes place. After time, the dirty blood can pollute
every human cell.


With the advent of fire, and cooked food-- the appendix had gone into disuse and
got atrophied. Like our pineal gland.


God had not installed any unwanted parts in the human body. When the ancient man
had diarrhoea, the friendly bacteria, was catalysed from the appendix.


The appendix still harbours friendly bacteria in the 21st century. It prevents
anal fissures.
********************************************************************************
DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL MOTHER TERESA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL MOTHER TERESA
THE MOST OVER RATED PERSON IN HISTORY--  THE EVIL SAINT WHO CONVERTED  HUMAN
BEINGS  MINUTES BEFORE DYING -- MUNCHAUSEN SYNDROME BY PROXY



        
I am aware that this post will not endear me to a lot of my regular readers. But
then what has to be said must be said, truth cannot be subverted . I do not wish
to win popularity contests. I am the master of my will and slave of my
conscience. Still i will feel bad while typing all what follows.
  
One day myself and my wife saw an old lady lying on the streets , totally blind
,emaciated and helpless.  I slowed down the car. Suddenly I recognised this lady
. When I was a  young child , she had worked in my house as a part time cook for
a while. I roughly calculated here age to be 90. She could not recognize me, was
out of her mind and incoherent due to her sufferings. There was no way i could
leave her there, in that state.

So we carried her , placed her in our car, and drove home. I then rang up Mother
Theresa’s home at Calicut for destitutes, and explained the situation . The curt
answer was, that they do NOT collect destitutes . They take in only the ones
brought in by the police or the Calicut corporation. Now, I have donated a lot
of my own hard earned money to Mother Theresa and party, and that made me very
resolute.

So we cleaned up this old destitute and took her in our car to the Mother
Theresa home at Calicut. After waiting in the office for an eternal 10 minutes,
the head nun sauntered in .. To cut a long story short, she refused to take the
old lady . Her  argument was that they are full up.

Then another amazing  argument ” This lady was your ex-cook, it is your duty to
care of her till she dies !”  Totally pissed off , I told her off “ Don’t give
me unwanted advise . I have donated XXX thousand rupees to the Theresa charity
foundation over several years , and I would be taking up the matter, with your
HO in Calcutta.  Immediately she became eager-beaver , her tone changed and she
was ready to take the old lady in.  My wife said “ No, let us take her to the
Muncipality city home for destitutes”  and that is where she died after a year.
(I pulled strings with my next door neighbour-- the Mayor of Calicut-- and got
her in.)

I have never ever donated after this incident to Charity foundations. This
incident killed something inside me. My wife still does here charity work
secretly ( it is all my money, quite a percentage  ) . I get to know about this
from grateful letters, cash receipts etc she has hidden under table cloths or
dark corners, and I say nothing nor ask her why? Most of her donations are to
hospitals and orphanages for free meals to the poor. Religion, caste and creed
is no bar.

True philanthropists will never ever seek publicity. Right?

What I write below has been gleaned from many insiders and also from my own
experiences . The majority of Mother Theresa’s nuns were from my home state of
Kerala, as there is a tradition to give a daughter in sacrifice as a nun, for
financial favours received from the powerful and rich Church. And usually the
ugliest girl child would be earmarked. You can hardly find a beautiful nun among
the Kerala nuns. They all know deep inside that they are ugly duckling discards.

As a young 2nd officer, my ship was at Livorno , with no cargo work for 2 days ,
due to Easter . Myself, the Captain , 2nd Engr and Purser went to Rome. The
Purser was a Roman Catholic from Goa was with us and he had made contact with
his cousin brother who was a monk in a monastery , Casa Palotti at Vatican.

So we went there first, a large building by the side of the river Tiber, full of
Roman Catholic nuns and brothers. We got free accommodation in their guest
quarters. We saw Rome , listened to the Pope’s speech from the Vatican palace
balcony, watched the smoke wisps, and came back at night dog tired .  Just after
dinner at the common mess, 3 Malayalam speaking nuns ( my lingo party from
kerala  ) came to see me and talk for a while.

Being young and naive I gasped “ Wow! you are the prettiest looking Kerala nuns
I have ever seen!”. I almost bit my tongue after this sentence.

They blushed and looked at each other embarrassed.  Before saying Bye, one of
them whispered under her breath, before melting away —“ We are paying a price
for our beauty here!”.  I did NOT understand the huge gravity of this statement
till at least a decade later I read in great detail of the sordid lesbianism and
sexual perversion rampant in the Roman Catholic papal monasteries.
  
Now imagine you are a European girl by the name of Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu . You
were born in poorest of the poor countries Albania just before the First world
war.

You were 4 feet nothing in height, you were repulsively ugly with facial hair,
thin cruel lips ,over sized nose and a figure like a sack of potatoes.




You had no father . You were uneducated .You hated your mother and your sister,
who send you to Ireland to be a nun in return for financial favours from the
church.  You knew no English to communicate with the other Irish and Scottish
nuns , who treated you with contempt for what you are worth.

At this stage of your life what are your options?


  
Well if your are the world’s number one opportunist, it is a piece of cake.

Teresa was a master in wheeling and dealing . This impoverished, uneducated,
ugly , and not so honest girl secured for herself her own worldwide Empire, in
which she played the queen bee –nay-- God. She was the jet setting Saint. During
monsoons she would never be in India.

She secured a Nobel prize.   She got for herself the highest civilian award of
India , the Bharat Ratna . She rubber shoulders with Presidents, Queens and the
Pope. She was one of the richest women of her time. She got herself canonized.
  
Remember, she was NO princess or Hollywood beauty who had all the options in the
world , had hundreds of men dreaming of marrying her, and still made THE
absolute sacrifice.
  
By a stroke of good luck , after one depressing and lonely year at Loretto Abbey
Ireland and learning few English words, she was sent to Calcutta, in India ,
where she arrived in 1929, at the young age of 19.

The people of Calcutta are known to be in awe of the white skin, sentimental and
emotionally volatile . The white girl extracted maximum leverage of her white
skin, and slowly but steadily, she became the planets most admired and talked
about female.

At every Miss Universe pageant, the contestants won the beauty crown by being
equally deceptive . They all said that their aim in life was to be a Theresa.
And the gullible judges lapped it up.

Her steep rise was aided by the Vatican propaganda machine. See, how kind and
loving we Catholics under Pope are!

Mother Theresa , had billions stashed away in Swiss banks holding Papal
accounts. She loved to take dirty money from dictators and con-men. She never
used it on the destitute or even the poor sisters who took care of the
destitutes, slogging and burning the midnight oil.

She used a small percentage to open more than 700 Catholic institutions world
wide. Most of them were political, as dictated by the Vatican. For example--
Just before the Berlin wall came down she was there leading a congregation of
20000 believers.

What is written below is all inside information gleaned from Kerala nuns and
their families , all of them who knew the insides of Mother Theresa’s astute
operations. All of them are afraid to talk about it.

She brainwashed all her nuns into believing that their suffering was chosen by
Jesus. She had nuns who thus were zombies, forbidden to express themselves,
leave alone complain.

And they suffered indeed. Cleaning up pus , shit and maggots , day after day ,
is NO easy task. It was living hell for them. And to see a shrewd white ugly
woman who did nothing , garner all the glory and play to the gallery and
cameras.

The nuns lived in most frugal conditions. They had just 3 sets of clothes, which
they kept mending and re mending. Mother Theresa never dirtied her hands. They
only time she would dirty them was when her beady eyes spotted a camera,
whereupon she would immediately pick up a child do Coochie koo soil her hands
and lips. As soon as the cameras went away, she quickly washed her hands and
went back to her comfortable quarters, which was never allowed to be
photographed.

Almost all the burnt out nuns who left Theresa , unable to bear the agony were
broken and psychologically disturbed.


Mother Teresa is on record on video , gloating with a sick grin, telling a
terminally ill cancer patient, who was suffering and from unbearable pain, that,
"You are suffering like Christ on the cross. So Jesus must be kissing you." The
nuns knew that the man was denied pain killers or a stay at the hospital ,
despite her billions, and were at a loss to understand why Jesus should get a
kick from watching their suffering. This is pure sadism. And, unfortunately for
the poor, Mother Teresa was ruthlessly intent on making her God very happy .

With millions coming in as donations , she could afford to buy antibiotics and
pain killers and use hospital care, but chose not to. They all knew how much
money mother Theresa had, yet she would force them to use one feeding bottle for
10 babies and reuse syringes again and again in the AIDS era. The food was
pathetic. Teresa had her own food. She would never invest in a cheap washing
machine or a heater to heat water.

It was all about displaying and show casing stark human suffering, to earn more
moolah. Like how a leper beggar would keep his wounds open in a crowded market
place infested with flies , to get more alms-- depsite knowing it is a wrong
thing to do.

This is a psychological disease-- a strain of MUNCHAUSEN SYNDROME BY PROXY. Such
a syndrome is usual to a woman who is sexually repressed, and received zero love
in childhood.

Münchausen syndrome by proxy (MSbP) is when a mother deliberately causes injury
or illness to her own child to gain attention, sympathy or other psychological
benefit.
  
Teresa was all the time playing the part of the ministering angel, and chose to
save the souls of the lowest of the low – the people who were dying. She was not
interested in curing anyone. She wasn't interested in the living or potentially
living, only the dying, and she was only interested in the dying for her own
selfish pleasure in getting off on playing the ministering angel.
  
She was least interested in helping them to get better, only to save their
souls. It was about making people die. The only difference between this evil and
that of Mother T is that she never had to take any murderous actions because
there was a steady supply of dying people, in Calcutta.

I call this prostituting your soul.



This reminds me, of a scene, when I was 11 years old. A mother and her daughter
came to our house for alms, singing a weird loud song.  The pretty daughter was
may be 17 and the mother around 35. They wore torn clothes , and I could see
their pubic hair of the mother . The gargantuan boobs of the daughter with
nipples protruding like bullets played peek a boo , from torn slits of her
blouse. I stood and gaped from strategic angles and it got me all confused, with
a raging hard on.

Remember,  in those days there was no internet and pornography. The triple X
movie savvy, 11 year olds nowadays would not even look at suck peek a boo stuff.
My plump mother , totally horrified , made a 100 metres dash to the almirah ,
which would have made Usain Bolt proud. She gave away the first clothes she
could lay her hands on. In front of me she made the duo dress up, on top of the
torn clothes, and left.

Unable to concentrate I ran after them , and sure enough they were in my friends
house patio , singing the same loud song, exposing their private parts. The
clothes given by my mother was hidden inside a rucksack, which they kept outside
the gate. And I could see my friend gaping at the goodies, all hot and bothered,
vigorously scratching the huge tent at his crotch.

Well Mother Theresa was no different.

Even if she got dozens of fridges, washing machines , heaters , tons of clothes
, and millions of dollars as donations —the destitutes and the nuns who served
them were deliberately kept in the same shameful state. It was all about the
Vatican sponsored press going GA GA about the urgent need for donations, and how
their flag bearerTeresa was doing a wonderful job , despite all odds.



Have you ever tried sleeping with such a slope with head down and legs up ?
Seriously ill patients needed to have their own PISS flowing past by gravity
into a gutter .  There are NO bedsheets - only plastic hard beds-giving them bed
sores.  She collected her billions using this home as a open sore. She used this
money for conversions.





Will Teresa ever be allowed to run such a concentration camp in USA or Europe or
Japan? --when she has billions extracted in the name of these unfortunate
people. Can you see a chair?

Mind-you, in the English speaking countries, her poor institutions, had AC and
heating, cable TV, free Capuccino machines, decent beds ( nobody slept on the
floor ) and proper medical care. It was only in India she had to keep the
FESTERED SORE WIDE OPEN. She used the Indians who respected her white skin so
much, and looked up to her. She trampled on their dignity.  History, in this
internet age, which does NOT depend on Vatican influenced peer reviewed
magazines, will judge her harshly.

Same way, Mother Theresa was keeping the façade of poverty to advance her own
bullshit sanctity.

British journalist, Christopher Hitchens Teresa's words at a 1981 press
conference in which she was asked: "Do you teach the poor to endure their lot?"

She replied: "I think it is very beautiful for the poor to accept their lot, to
share it with the passion of Christ. I think the world is being much helped by
the suffering of the poor people." Saint Theresa was not a friend of the poor.
She was a FRIEND OF POVERTY. She said that suffering was a gift from God

She forced her nuns to beg for bread and medicines, with millions of US dollars
in her Swiss Banks. She would force Indian Airlines to fly here nuns free.

It was all about the holy Spirit guiding the holy Mother.

In her Nobel acceptance speech , she went on and on on , how she roamed the
dark, damp and dangerous Calcutta streets to pick up the destitute.

BULLSHIT !.

She gave away the ambulances , she received as donations. She did NOT pick
anybody nor did she allow her clan to pick up. Only destitutes brought in by the
Calcutta Corporation was considered.  Some of her ambulances were used only to
transport her nuns to Churches for prayer and to Airports and Train stations.

Blah Blah-- "We have a home for the dying in Calcutta, where we have picked up
more than 36000 people only from the streets of Calcutta, and out of that big
number more than 18000 have died a beautiful death. They have just gone home to
God."  WOW!

Sometimes while giving her speech, she would say, that she fed 10000 people .
Then after 3 minutes this figure would come down to 4000, and then jump back to
9000— yet nobody was sarcastic of her true lies.. While actually she would just
be feeding 300, and only those who has a food coupon, mostly converted and
baptised Christians.

She would say ” If there was poor leper on the moon, I will be the first to be
there!”, and all cried WOW, -- egged on by the Vatican sponsored press.

She was grateful to the Vatican , for their fantastic propaganda , and hence in
return campaigned relentlessly against abortion. Her entire obsession was that
the raped women if pregnant must not have abortions. She would never fly abroad,
unless she stopped over at the Pope’s residence.



A very poor and very ill child would not be offered help unless the parents
signed (or thumb- printed) a form of renunciation signing over the rights of the
child to her organisation.  There is video evidence of such a case happening on
the doorstep of Mother Teresa's orphanage.

In her Nobel Prize speech Mother Teresa had said that in 6 years in Calcutta
there were "61,273 babies less" born because of her organisation's natural
family planning activities. There is no basis whatever for this accurate
statistics, it surprised even her well wishers--  it was diabolical of Mother
Teresa to mention it in her Nobel Prize speech.



In the April 1996 issue of the US magazine Ladies Home Journal, Mother Teresa
said that she wanted to die like the poor in her home for the dying destitute in
Kalighat. This is a white lie as she always went abroad for medical treatments .
She also had several treatments at expensive Calcutta's Woodlands and Belle Vue
Clinics, which are outside the reach of 99% of India's population. Her Calcutta
nuns just had to suffer out a tooth ache and take a bath in just one bucket of
cold water, though she was worth billions.

Virgin sister Susan Shields who handled incoming money in NY USA remembers that
one year itself, she personally handled donations of more than $50 million in a
New York bank account. She had testified that all money came , clearly marked "
for the destitute ", from world wide, and was NOT for opening fresh Catholic
institutions.

Computers, typewriters, photocopiers are not allowed. Even when they are
donated, they are not allowed to be installed. For book-keeping the sisters use
school notebooks, in which they write in cramped pencilled figures. Until they
are full. Then everything is erased and the cheap notebook is used again. All
ostensibly in order to save. It was basically to fool others into believing she
was poor. The real reason was to cover up her tracks and avoid getting audited
..



In 1984 Mother Teresa (publicly) declined the offer of cataract surgery from the
St Francis Medical Centre in Pittsburgh, USA, telling the media that she could
not possibly accept the £5000 treatment, and the Vatican made everybody say WOW!
In secret she had the same surgery (which cost even more) in St Vincent's
Hospital , New York.

The destitutes in her Calcutta home was not given the smallest iota of dignity
and care or even pain killers.  It was all a big sham. It was about suffering
for Jesus, the same way he had suffered for us. The nuns did whatever they could
in all humility, in the hope that Jesus will reward them. These poor nuns were
even forced to vote for the political party she chose.

It was compulsory for women to shave their heads, just because Mother Theresa
was bald.  She knew very well of the particular cultural importance Indian women
(however poor or destitute) attach to long hair.
  
Occasionally when on board the first class section of an aeroplane, Mother
Teresa would demand for left over food to be given her so that she could take
them to the poor. This would impress all the rich folks around her and all would
say WOW and “ way to go! “ and clap.  The moment she got of the plane she would
dump the unwieldy food into the nearest dustbin. It was all about positive word
of mouth publicity. The saint would keep repeating that she never did anything
that would detract from the cause of the poor.

She was an exceptional Catholic -- indeed much (if not most) of the resources of
her organisation was spent on religious activities, such as in the training of
nuns, novices, Brothers and priests, and in the upkeep of establishments which
are exclusively nunneries and Brothers' houses.

When Mother Teresa told journalists (as she did very often during her life) how
many establishments she ran around the world, she never made it clear that a
large number of these housed Catholic nuns and brothers and were not homes for
the poor, for which cause money poured in .

In December 1984, 25000 people died in Bhopal from inhaling MDI cyanide toxic
gas, leaked by the multinational giant Union Carbide, the Vatican send her to
broker for Catholic Chairman Warren Anderson. Warren Anderson made a huge pay
off of Union Carbide money .  Mother Teresa, whose post- Nobel reputation within
India was then very high indeed, rushed in to Bhopal like an international
dignitary.
  
She looked at the carnage, nodded gravely three times and said, "I say,
forgive." There was a stunned silence in the audience and press. She took in the
incredulity, nodded again, glared back and repeated, "I say, forgive". Then she
quickly wafted away, like visiting royalty.

Mother Teresa's propaganda machinery handled her Bhopal trip in the following
clever but diabolical way:

QUOTE-- As she was present to the agony of Calcutta, and that of India's other
great cities, so Mother Teresa was present to the anguish of Bhopal, a city four
hundred miles to the south of Delhi, when a cloud of smoke enveloped a crowded
slum on the night of December 3, 1984. The Missionaries of Charity, who had long
been working in Bhopal, escaped being among the victims because the death-
bringing gas was blown by the wind in a different direction....... Even while
the dead were being cremated or buried, Mother Teresa rushed to Bhopal with
teams of Missionaries of Charity to work with the Sisters already on the scene.
"We have come to love and care for those who most need it in this terrible
tragedy", said Mother Teresa, as she went from centre to centre, from hospital
to hospital visiting afflicted people-- .UNQUOTE

Another of Mother's biographies has a photograph in it with the following
caption: "Helping A Survivor of the Chemical Leak at Bhopal, December 1984".The
photograph concerned shows Mother daintily offering a marigold flower to a woman
moribundly lying in a hospital bed.

After 26 years , dead souls got a pittance of 500 USD as compensation -- This is
American "Agent Orange Justice" for you.  ( The Indian IPL cricket league is
worth  4 billion USD )

She did the same for Charles Keating--who gave her a huge bribe. Teresa had
admitted that she received at least $1,250,000 - but it is known that he stole
(at least) $253 million, which were the moneys of small investors. Keating also
gave Mother the free use of his personal jet and in return he received her
blessings and a personalised crucifix, which he carries everywhere.

In January 1992, when Keating's fraud trial was still going on in a Los Angeles
court, he got more back from his special friend. She wrote a letter to the trial
judge Lance Ito (who later became a household name for sitting at the O.J.
Simpson trial):

Dear Honorable Lance Ito,

We do not mix up in Business or Politics or courts...I do not know anything
about Mr Charles Keating's work or his business or the matters you are dealing
with. ...
 

I only know that he has always been kind and generous to God's poor, and always
ready to help whenever there was a need. Whenever someone asks me to speak to a
trial judge, I always tell them the same thing.
 

 
I ask them to pray, to look into their heart, and to do what Jesus would do in
that circumstance. And that is what is I am asking of you, your Honor.
 

My gratitude to you is my prayer for you, and your work, your family and the
people you are dealing with.
 
God Bless You
 

M. Teresa, M.C.
 
After Keating's conviction and imprisonment,  a pissed off Paul W. Turley, the
then Deputy District Attorney of Los Angeles County wrote the following letter
to Mother Teresa, hoping to retrive some swindled money:

Dear Mother Teresa

...The victims of Mr Keating's fraud come from a wide spectrum of society. Some
...were wealthy and well educated. Most were people of modest means and
...unfamiliar with high finance. One was, indeed a poor carpenter who did not
...speak English and had his life's savings stolen by Mr Keating's fraud.

The Biblical slogan of your organisation is 'As long as you did it to one of My
least brethren. You did it to Me.' The 'least' of the brethren are among those
whom Mr Keating fleeced without flinching... It is not uncommon for 'con' men to
be generous with family, friends and charities...No church, no charity, no
organisation should allow itself to be used as salve for the conscience of the
criminal.
 

You urge Judge Ito to look into his heart - as he sentences Charles Keating -
and do what Jesus would do. I submit the same challenge to you. Ask yourself
what Jesus would do if given the fruits of a crime; what Jesus would do if he
were in possession of money that had been stolen;...
 

I submit that Jesus would promptly and unhesitatingly return the stolen property
to its rightful owners. You should do the same. You have been given money by Mr
Keating that he has been convicted of stealing by fraud. Do not permit him the
'indulgence' he desires.

 
Do not keep the money. Return it to those who worked for it and earned it!

 
If you contact me I will put you in direct contact with the rightful owners of
the property now in your possession.
 

Sincerely Paul W. Turley

When earthquakes happen, she would wait until the new homes were put up by
Government money  and then her Vatican sponsored press would take her picture
against the new homes back drop, though she did NOT contribute a cent. . The
world seeing pictures of Mother Teresa bending down humbly to present the papers
of houses to villagers, they very naturally thought that Mother herself had been
instrumental in building those houses, and more moolah poured in ( one of the
gullible being your truly ).

The international Catholic media sponsored by Vatican , would splash in
newspapers and magazines  -- "All In A Day's Work for Mother Teresa" was how
they captioned Mother's photo .

When the plague struck India in 1994, Mother Teresa arrived at the Vatican on
one of her frequent visits. As she arrived at Rome airport, she was
ceremoniously quarantined there. Pictures of her being taken away for quarantine
were circulated all over the world by the Pope propaganda machine -- the natural
assumption was that she had been working knee deep with plague sufferers. She
had had no involvement whatsoever either during or after the plague with
treatment or prevention.

Mother Teresa frequently stated that the "happiest day of my life is when the
Holy Father came to Calcutta."  It is noteworthy that Mother's happiest day was
not when she got the divine revelation, or any other day.

On 18 November, Mother Teresa participated in a dharna (sit-in) and fast in
Delhi demanding reservations for dalit low caste Christians. Then suddenly
criticism of her actions started flooding in, especially from the Indian media,
who are normally sympathetic to her (a lot of resentment exists in India over
religion and caste reservations). Even her dear old Calcutta Statesman,
published a sarcastic cartoon, Mother Teresa, who moved quite expertly in
response to public and media opinion in India, now did an utter volte-face. She
took the unprecedented step of calling a press conference (on 24 November) at
Mother House in Calcutta and denied all knowledge of the sit- in! She said she
thought it was merely a prayer session. Her denial was emphatic: "I have never
participated in any sit-in demonstrations or demanded reservations for dalit
Christians." A professional politician could not have lied better, despite being
on video camera.
  
One year after her first death anniversary, the German magazine Stern, published
a searing critique of her work in an article titled, "Mother Teresa, Where Are
Your Millions?" An article that took a year's research in three continents and
concluded that her organisation did not deserve to be called a charitable
foundation, nor she a saint.
  
On October 18, 2003, India gave up her most famous mother to the world. She was
beatified by Pope John Paul II in the Vatican in conjunction with his
celebrations of 25 years in the papacy. She is now on the fast track to become
the first Indian ever to be canonised as a saint despite the pooh- poohs about
the validity of her one miracle, and will from now on be known as "the blessed
Mother Teresa." After all did she not operate 700 Catholic Propaganda missions
in 123 countries, under the guise of help for the destitute?
  
She chose India as her base and got many young docile girls from my home state
Kerala for her convents. In USA most nurses are from Kerala, my home state. They
will do any work quietly without complaining.

(In Kerala the girls are meant to be seen , NOT to be heard, such is the
(culture. In my wife's joint family ancestral house with 26 rooms , the
(womenfolk would not even come to the front drawing room, leave alone talk loud
(or argue. )

Those young girls/women chosen by Teresa were not there voluntarily in the
psychological sense, they were there because their parents put enormous
psychological pressure on them to become nuns, after receiving financial aid/
bribes from the Church.
        
Several of Mother Teresa’s American volunteers in Calcutta described her “Home
for the Dying” as resembling photos of concentration camps . No chairs, just
stretcher beds. Virtually no medical care or painkillers beyond aspirin.

And all her billions lie safely in Vatican Swiss accounts.  It pays to remember,
most of this money was donated by the poor common man and school children, of
all races and religions world wide .  It was to help the poor , NOT for her to
open 700 Catholic monastries and do propaganda for the Pope, that Roman
Catholics are the kindest.

And does anybody know the miracle she performed to get canonised and earn
sainthood?-- the least you talk about it the better. Hold your breath-- for
curing a Indian woman of stomach tumour. How come we Indians, who worshipped her
, and the poor nuns who slogged for her, never knew about this?  It happened
just by just wearing a Teresa locket, as per the Pope.

Where is my miracle locket? Must buy it!!

This Bengali woman Monica Besra, never had a cancerous tumour in the first
place. The benign tubercular tumour she had was fully cured after a full
treatment course using Allopatic medicines by Dr. Ranjan Mustafi. This woman was
forced to give bullshit .

Beware of all philanthropists , who will donate only when a camera is focused on
them. Or will make a donation , only if this deed is made public on TV and
print.

Will you make 700 religious institutions with your own statue installed with
money donated , for the destitute, , by thousands of kind poor people worldwide,
who sacrificed half a loaf of bread?

Will you line your nest and become a poster woman , by starting a cult of
death-- where people come to die. Where death is pre-meditated, without simple
antibiotics or a simple ride to hospital in a ambulance--quoting the will of
god?

Can you live a lie to achieve immortality as a saint ? Can this happen outside
white skin worshipping India, in say, France or Japan?.

Mother Teresa the saint, is defnitely not playing the harp in heaven. We have a
saint in hell, paying the price for selling her soul

DO YOU BELONG TO THIS PATHETIC CATEGORY?

DO SOME SOUL SEARCHING !.

DO YOU PROSTITUTE YOUR SOUL ?



 

Mother Theresa's evil "Missionaries of Charity " home in Calcutta --which she
used as a "maggot infested sore"  to get sympathy and rake in moolah for the
Vatican bank account -- is now shut down. See video below.  With millions of
dollars in her bank, this is what it was-- like a dirty concentration camp.


EVERY TIME I PUT THE VIDEO BELOW ,  HER INTERNET CENSORING STOOGES IN VATICAN
DELETES IT.  THIS VIDEO HAD EXPOSED  THE HORRIBLE , WORSE THAN CONCENTRATION
CAMP  CONDITIONS IN HER POOR HOME. PROBABLY SHE WANTED TO MAKE HER INMATES FEEL
THAT THE STREETS ARE MORE COMFORTABLE.



Above video:   She had billions of US dollars collected for this very spot you
are looking at .

But this is all she could give the brown Indian coolie.

Her foreign stations for white people were like 3 star hotel hotels with proper
beds, AC, coolers , cable TV , piped music , Capuccino machines, motor wheel
chairs , lawn etc


Mother Teresa’s has bailed out several pedophile Roman Catholic priests , on
being told by her master in Vatican.



He most high profile was her own “confidence and trust in Fr. Donald McGuire”
and how much she wishes to see “his vital ministry resume as soon as possible.”
Father Mc Guire was a perverted repeated child rapist.





When a journalist saw a sick man suffering with pain, he asked Mother Teresa "
What do you do for your inmates suffering from pain?" The answer was " We pray
for them!". It went beyond that --for the poor patient was told " You pain is
Christ kissing you!" " Suffering is a gift from God" .

Most of these patients died because of malnutrition --just a few vitamins and
good food would have saved them--and she had billions stashed away in the banks
of Vatican, by using Calcutta as an open sore to attract flies --nay- money.

Here was a woman , who was NOT a friend of the poor--but a friend of "poverty".

The people of Calcutta rewarded her services with EMPTY STREETS when her funeral
procession went past.

This was NOT reported by an embarrased Vatican and Rothschild held main stream
media.

There were several reports of organ harvesting ( kidney ) from brain dead
patients and dying patients, in the Calcutta Mother Teresa home.  These were the
"lucky" ones who were sent to hospitals.  Nobody had the guts to expose this
claim , as Mother Teresa was a international celebrity and considered equivalent
to God.



Below is Monica Besra , whose miraculous cure catapulted Teresa to sainthood.




Remarkably, amongst all those 34,000 pages of ‘official evidence’ for Teresa’s
miracle cure from beyond the grave, there was not a solitary sentence from
anyone who was actually involved with Monica Besra’s medical treatment.



"My wife was cured by the doctors and not by any miracle. Monica’s husband Seiku
"forth-rightly tells anyone who will listen, not that the Catholic Church has to
"this day ever spoken to crucial witness like him.


Monica Besra is a 38-year-old tribal woman from Dulidnapur village, a mother of
four.

She is illiterate and speaks her tribal mother tongue only, a few words of
broken Bengali & English.

Monica’s  threats to ‘spill the beans’ had the required effect.

Fearing her admissions would expose the stage-managed nature of the deceit, The
Vatican arranged for ‘hush money’ to be paid to her via, of all entities, the
local Mother Teresa Charitable Welfare Society.

When this pay-off was exposed in the Indian media the Society was forced to
comment saying simply it was ‘a donation’.

A substantial one, and as 'icing on the cake' , places for the Besra children at
a private Catholic School.




The Serbs know who is Ante Pavelic and how Pope Pius Pacelli XII used him for
ethnic cleansing Well Mother Teresa, was the "female Ante Pavelic in reverse " .
Everyone knows that she influenced Vatican , for the biggest single act of
ethnic cleansing in modern times-- the forced removal of 6 lakh Serbs ( 600,000
) from Krajina region -- just because they do NOT allow a middleman with a
hotline to come in between them and their God Jesus Christ. She was more of a
politician when it came to Yugoslavia, and this is the reason why she jetted
across to Vatican very often in chartered planes.

How many of you know that she was a part Sephardic Jew?  Skopje where she was
born was part of the Ottoman Empire.  Bojaxhiu means "dyer " in Turkish.
Rothschild demanded an end to special privileges to Kosovo in the eighties.
********************************************************************************
EL NINO AND LA NINA , A MARINERS OVERVIEW -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




In July 1997, I was on leave.

It was raining cats and dogs, which is nothing new in our neck of the woods.
During the SE monsoons in Kerala , it pours -- it does NOT rain.

At around 1500 hrs I told my wife that I will be keeping our car at my friends
house, on a hill. I said "I expect the car porch to be flooded and water will
enter the car".

As I was driving away, all my friends in the neighborhood were having a bullshit
session. They waved out to me to join them for a moment.

All wanted to know where I was going off in a hurry.   I said " I expect all the
houses in our neighborhood to have water inside in another 16 hours".

They all had a nice laugh, as our area had never been flooded in recent memory,
of at least 150 years. And in any case,  our city was at the seashore.

After I came back, I got all valuable furniture in the ground floor raised , by
putting bricks. This also included the fridges, washing machine, electric oven
etc. I bought a bottle of kerosene and kept it standby.

We went to sleep at around 10 PM.

We were woken up in the morning at around 5 am, by a call from my neighbor, that
water had entered their house. So I came down with my wife and found we had
another 11 inches to go before water entered our home. Within another 50 minutes
I saw 11 inches being covered up, and water started pouring inside the house.

I poured some Kerosene in all the flooding rooms. The water stopped rising and
remained steady when it was about 10 inches above the floor. I had predicted the
stop in rising water too.

At sunrise there was a huge collective effort to push all the cars in the
neighborhood to the highest place . Water had entered into all the cars, and
none of them could be started.

Then I got a call from another neighbor that a small snake had been found in one
of their bedrooms, and there was general panic. I said, in my house kerosene has
taken care of it. And then all were tripping over each other to do Kerosene
honours. Snakes dread Kerosene, as it destroys their skin and burns it, causing
severe pain.

So pretty soon,  the talk in the neighbour hood was " Ajit is the only smart
fuc#er amongst us, as usual —he did NOT lose a dang thing!".

Some of their houses had ruined their super expensive drawing room sofas ,
costing them a huge financial package.

My wife told me “ So far so good-- how did your know, that the water will enter
our houses? “

I said : “Blame it on El Nino!”

She looked at me as if I had gone crazy.

Then she asked " How did you know the water will stop rising ?”.

I said “ It is obvious that the nearest dam operators , have clandestinely
opened the locks , to release excess water, above the red danger mark, the dam
is NOT constructed for, or capable of handling. Of course they will never ever
admit it. Water from heavy rains cannot raise ground water so fast, when we are
at the sea coast .”

After a month I joined a ship at Coos bay Oregon, ( West coast USA ) in the end
of Aug 1997. This ship was a nice multipurpose bulk carrier. There was an
emergency as the Nickel concentrate from New Caledonia loaded in heavy rain ,
had liquefied, and company wanted me to handle the discharge, though I was NOT a
bulk carrier man.

While at the hotel before joining , I read in the newspapers about local
fishermen complaining that they cant catch a single fish in usual fish rich
waters. Well the fish had swum up to colder waters to survive.

After sailing off from Coos bay to Manzanillo, Mexico to load cement in Bulk.
Enroute, I saw several dead whales floating on water. Obviously they died due to
the heated water.

On the way, I planned my passage to be away from a Hurricane area on the West
coast of Mexico. The Charterers and Passage planning whizkids frowned.  But I
was right, there was indeed a vicious hurricane which formed suddenly, almost
out of thin air —and we were lucky to be seawards and safe. As the mid ship hold
could NOT be flooded with heavy weather ballast.

Then we proceeded to Chile to discharge the cement, at a small port on the
seaside of the Andes. The Atacama desert, the driest on the planet, where NO
life sustains,  lay on the other side.

As we berthed , I told my Chief officer still at forward stations. “ There will
be NO cargo work today, after the hold cargo surface inspections , and draft
survey is done , I want you to shut all the hatchcovers”

The pilot intervened “ Why Captain, are you afraid , it will rain? . Rest your
fears , it has NOT rained in this port Antofagasta for the past 100 years. My
wife got sick and tired of daily rain at Valpraiso ( Asthma ) , South of this
port, and this is why we got ourselves transferred here.”

I said “ It will rain tonight!”

The pilot looked at me as if I was an unreasonable tyrant cum nut-case  ,
shrugged his shoulders and left.

The next day, morning at 0700 hrs I get a knock on my door and there stood the
pilot, with a beaming face. “ Captain, it rained yesterday night for one hour “

I said “ I know, for while coming back from the strip tease bar, with my Chief
officer, we got drenched in rain”.

And then the pilot would NOT leave till I told him my secret.

So I told him “ Well, pilot , 1997 is the El Nino year!”

After discharge at Antofagasta, we sailed to Equador ( Esmeraldes ) to load
logs. This ship could be converted to a Timber carrier or a Container ship.

There is a river which flows across the mouth of the entrance to this port. The
pilot came on board with his trainee, and just at the entrance , sensing
impending disaster, I wrested control of the ship from him, and did the berthing
myself.

The pilot was terribly upset, that I did this in front of his trainee, and
naturally he confronted me, telling me that this is the first time in 23 years
someone has belittled him in this fashion.

I said “ You have positioned the tug at the wrong place, you have NO idea how
the strong current of the river in todays flood torrent, which will jack knife
the ship using the wind.”

Sure enough, as soon as we berthed, even the Agent, Customs, Immigration, Port
health etc knew that I was a racist Master who did NOT trust the local pilot.  I
could sense the hostility.

The agent told me “ Captain, tomorrow the Harbour Master wants to have a word
with you. Be careful Captain, these pilots are all very proud of their expertise
and you have just rubbed their faces into the ground. Better keep a good
explanation ready. It is a small port,  and we all know each other ”.

The next day at around 0800 hrs, I was on the bridge wing. I could see another
ship approaching to take the berth ahead of us. The Pilot lost control at the
entrance and put the engines full throttle, the tug pushed the wrong way, the
way it always did, and sure enough, the ship was coming to hit us at right
angles.

I raced down to my cabin , got the camera , and started taking shots, in
succession. The last 30 metres of the approach, how the ships bows crumpled at
our hull near No 2 hold, severely damaging 3 timber staunchions and the entire
bulwark, all was captured in the camera, with time shots of the GPS in between--
a no contest situation.

Within one hour the Harbour Master was in my cabin.

 Hesaid“Captain,Ihadinterviewedthetraineepilotyesterday,heisrelatedtomywife.Heto
 ldmethatyouhadpredictedthisyesterday!.Hehadtoldmeaboutthestrongrivercross-curre
 nt,youpointedoutattheentrance.Thepilotsonboardtheothership,arethesametwo.Howdid
 youpredictallthis?”

I said “ Well , it is the El Nino year!”.

To my surprise he knew what the El Nino was.

Then I took a lot of provisions, and told the Charterers and the company that I
expect a delay at the Panama canal with our max Panama canal draft. They
disagreed with me.

Sure enough, we were delayed at Balboa for more than one week. It rains in
Panama canal daily, so much that they need shelters at the bridge wings for the
Pilot. But now, in 1997 there was no rain at all.

Nobody was willing to declare that there is less water in the Gatun lake. Every
time, they opened the locks, they lost precious fresh water from the lake. So
they were doing the operations in such a way, that they lost minimum water. At
Gatun lake I told the pilot I do NOT want to anchor in the usual area.

The pilot asked me why? I said there is less water. Immediately the pilot said.
“ Damn! , Captain, you are absolutely right. On my last 3 ships, I felt the drag
under the ship, with vibrations and muddly wake. All on  the bridge including
myself, Master and OOW pretended all is OK.

We all pretended to sleep and expected the other to wake us up. But the angry
Engineers demanded by several telephone calls—what the hell is happening on
bridge?

Then we went to Spain , Huelva, to discharge , and all there said the weather is
totally unseasonal.

Soon we were in Parana river Argentina. The river had flooded 4.5 metres above
normal. Even the quay godowns were under water, and we could see just the tip of
the roofs. I was told by the greedy shippers, to load to a deeper draft, and I
refused.

I was alone against everybody--the bag unreasonable guy. I said, the river might
be deep, due to excess rain in the Brazilian rain forest of Matto Grosso. But
where the river meets the sea, at Recalada, and else where the depths are still
the same.

After lot of missiles by telexes up and down, I won. I knew my rights. Nobody
can arm twist Vadakayil.

The ship had to go to Montevideo to top up with logs and then go to Tofte,
Norway. At Montevideo, the ship was sitting merrily on the bottom mud.

After the deck level came two high ( of unbarked Eucalpytus log bundles ), I
gave sufficient notice, that I will load only 3 high—NOT 4 high as originally
planned by the British Supercargo Captain, who had been doing this for 18 years
--on sister ships.

I gave my reasons, several of them -- including Stability calculations , with
virtual loss of GM due to upthrust . And to top it all even NAABSA clause did
NOT exist in the charter party.

The last of the several reasons was the "snow factor", on arrival Norway. That
the ship with GM of about 40 cms , would be destabilized by the weight of snow
on the 4th layer.

The Norwegian Director of the Charterers ( no names ) send me a sarcastic telex
. “ Captain, we are already into March 1998 , and so far Norway did NOT have a
single minute of snow.

My daughters are very disappointed over this. The winter is over, Captain--
period!. We require you to load the 4th layer, failing which we will take your
company to court!”

My Tech managers shat green peas, as soon as they read this , and they ordered
me to load the 4th layer, "under protest".

All I said was “ This is the El Nino year. I will bring snow to Norway, in the
end of March 1998 !”

The day we arrived Norway, a technical team was earmarked to have a Stability
Mathematics calculation Olympiad with me. They all came on board, along with the
Top Gun of the company.

This man said “ Captain, I was NOT supposed to come. But-- here is the telex,
where you declared that you will bring snow to Norway. How right you were!. All
or roads are blocked by the most severe blizzard of the decade, and the winter
is officially over 1 month ago !”

I broke the seal of the company mail packet, and took our the Company magazine,
in which I had written a piece on El Nino and La Nina, and gave it to the Big
Boss.

After reading it said : “ Can I take this copy with me ?. You and me are the
same kind-- we don’t care for past practice. We carry our own lamps and we chart
our own way.”.

After this statement,  the Maths Olympiad party looked pretty deflated, and
melted away with their tails between their legs.

So here is a gist of what I wrote about El Nino.

The El Nino starts after a pool of hot seawater almost the size of USA, ( more
than 15 million square kms ) appears off the west coast of the Americas. The
ocean would heat up right around Christmas time, so fishermen call the
phenomenon El Niño, for the Christ Child.

Usually, the wind blows strongly from east to west along the equator in the
Pacific. This actually piles up water (about half a meter's worth) in the
western part of the Pacific. In the eastern part, deeper water (which is colder
than the sun-warmed surface water) gets pulled up from below to replace the
water pushed west. So, the normal situation is warm water (about 30 C) in the
west, cold (about 22 C) in the east.

In an El Niño, the winds pushing that water around get weaker. As a result, some
of the warm water piled up in the west slumps back down to the east, and not as
much cold water gets pulled up from below. Both these tend to make the water in
the eastern Pacific warmer, which is one of the hallmarks of an El Niño.

But it doesn't stop there. The warmer ocean then affects the winds--it makes the
winds weaker! So if the winds get weaker, then the ocean gets warmer, which
makes the winds get weaker, which makes the ocean get warmer ... this is called
a positive feedback, and is what makes an El Niño grow.

The ocean has a wave called a Rossby wave that is quite unlike the waves you see
when you visit the beach. It's more like a distant cousin to a tidal wave. The
difference is that a tidal wave goes very quickly, with all the water moving
pretty much in the same direction. In a Rossby wave, the upper part of the
ocean, say the top 100 meters or so, will be leisurely sliding one way, while
the lower part, starting at 100 meters and going on down, will be slowly moving
the other way.

After a while they switch directions. Everything happens very slowly and inside
the ocean, and you can't even see them on the surface. These things are so slow,
they can take months or years to cross the oceans. If you had the patience to
sit there while one was going by, you'd hardly notice it; the water would be
moving only 1/100th of walking speed. But they are large, hundreds or thousands
of kilometers in length (not height! Remember, you can hardly see them on the
surface), so they can have an effect on things.

Another wave you rarely hear about is called a Kelvin wave, and it has some
characteristics in common with Rossby waves, but is somewhat faster and can only
exist close to the equator (say, within about 5 degrees of latitude around the
equator). El Ninos often start with a Kelvin wave propagating from the western
Pacific over towards South America.

When an El Niño gets going in the middle or eastern part of the Pacific, it
creates Rossby waves that drift slowly towards southeast Asia. After several
months of travelling, they finally get near the coast and reflect back. The
changes in interior ocean temperature that these waves carry with it "cancel
out" the original temperature changes that made the El Niño in the first place.
A strong El Niño can last a year or more before conditions return to normal.

The 1997/1998, is the strongest El Niño in recorded history, and it had more
energy than a hundred Hiroshima bombs

El Nino causes droughts and forest fires in Australia. The hurricanes in the
East of USA reduces , by the typhoons in the Pacific become more and stronger.

In 1997 , the surface temperatures of the Pacific Ocean off the coasts of
Ecuador and Peru rose to about 5 C above normal. Instrumentation Buoys in the
Pacific Ocean.

 ThegiantElNiñoof1997-98hadderangedweatherpatternsaroundtheworld,killedanestimat
 ed2,200people,andcausedmorethan35billionUSDdollarsinpropertydamage.

2010 was the year of the La Nina—the strongest in recorded history.

The Nina is the Yang of the Nino Yin.

Australia had horrific floods. The name La Niña originates from Spanish, meaning
"the girl", analogous to El Niño meaning "the boy"..

La Niña is often preceded by a strong El Niño.
********************************************************************************
I AM A PROUD HINDU -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






Today I am a bit pissed off because I saw a TV programme, where Rahul Gandhi,
the prospective future prime minister of India, was discussing Hindu terrorism
with USA ( Wiki leaks ).


What a disgrace!


To take countless slaps on your face is COWARDICE.


If you are the type who will see your 16 year old daughters ass being groped by
a lech , and will do nothing about it-- well , skip this piece.


Back lash by some fundamentalists,  who on seeing unending spiritual
prostitution, cried "Enough is enough!" can hardly be called terror.




We had a shrewd and over rated Muslim painter MF Hussain, who would not dare to
paint the face of his own Prophet, but he would paint all Hindu gods nude, in
sexual poses, just to be in the lime light.


The poor Indian, eating one half-meal a day, has only his Gods for rooting
himself, and shunning easy way out stealing , prostitution and crime .


Poverty is due to 700 years of foreign slavery.  In the 17th century, there were
NO poor people in India, and Kohinoor laden India was the richest country in the
world .


Here are some examples of Hussain's rabid art--there are dozens, I am just
showing three.


Sita is revered more than own mother since 4000 BC.


Sita sitting on 10 headed Ravana's thigh, at Sri Lanka , both nude , combing her
dishevelled hair, after the act -- and scout Hanuman aghast on seeing this
immoral sexual act !!







Hanuman playing peeping Tom-- aghast at what is goin' on.  The man on top in
position 69 , is NOT Ravana or her husband Lord Rama!  I dont want to write here
who he is-- every Indian knows, who this third man in forest exile with Rama is
.  His blood will boil  !!




A black Sita straddling Hanuman's tail,-- rather impaled by abstract.  (The war
could have been avoided if Sita went back to India from Lanka, after Hanuman
showed Rama's ring and offered to take her back--as ordered by Rama. Virtuous
Sita did NOT. I n Ramayana , Hanuman would NOT dare to look at Sita's face ,
only her feet, out of respect). Ravan is supposed to set Lanka on fire with his
tail--here is is by abstract setting Goddess Sita on fire-- of a different
carnal sort.



Above is Shiva's son Lord Ganesha's head in between nude Goddess Lakshmi's
thighs. He has made sure by giving the lotus.



Above Shiva's son , Lord Ganesha's belly overhanging-- and as a signboard--
sarcasm



Above is an sex orgy between Hindu gods.  Hindu gods like Lord Krishna and Shiva
are depicted blue. He has made sure , we dont lose identity by highlighting the
Sudarshan Chakra and Lord Ganesha beneath .



Above--total debauchery. A erect penis peeping through a Glory hole-- check out
the piss orifice  . This is depicted as a Shiva Lingam, by putting a snake
around it ( artistic feedom, right? ) . Two lesbian wives Ganga and Saraswati
have NO use for Lord Shiva's manhood and nothing to do with it and are relaxing
after a 69 sexual session. Crows are eating the remains of what they have licked
off each other's bodies .

By the way Shiva Lingam is Lord Shiva's PINEAL GLAND, not his penis-- as
ridiculed by immature Vatican.

Contrary to Christian and Muslim propaganda -- and even what as some westernised
Hindus believe, there is NOTHING as a lingam / yoni concept, in Sanatana Dharma.
Lingam is a black meteoric stone cylindrical in shape, and the base runs off the
water used to drip quench this powerful stone.

WHO HAS GIVEN THIS "MAD MAN HUSSAIN" SUCH LICENSE TO INSULT SANATANA DHARMA, AND
1 BILLION HINDUS ?

Why do some pea-brained Hindu celebrities who come regularly on foreign funded
TV channels at prime- time 9 PM , support "angel Hussain -saab" ?   They are
quick to condemn protesting Indians as "inbred hindu bigots"?--

-- is it to curry favour with Vatican and Zionists , hoping to get an invite to
-- white Christian nation embassy cock-tail dinners, for being their type of
-- Indian, to inflate their egos and feel terrribly self important ?

We had white Christian missionaries who would go deep into the forest , lure a
hopelessly poor tribal with 50 dollars of money,  baptise his family, change his
name from Hari to Harry , his wife's name from Muniamma to Mary, give him a hat
to wear over his loincloth and disappear, leaving him in a deep Spiritual abyss
--so that he can shine with his Lord and Master ALMIGHTY Pope and be a Cardinal
soon .


You cannot be a Hindu heretic , because there is no standard set of dogmas in
Hindu faith , written or unwritten, from which deviation could make you a
heretic.


India is the only place on this planet where Jews have never been persecuted .
There has never been an episode of anti Seminitism in India.  Jews have been
getting royally screwed all over the world, by all the people, all the time, for
their inherent greed and selfishness.


Openness is the essence of Hinduism.


Gratitude is inherent, which makes this religion noble . Example: A Hindu will
never ever neglect his aged and vulnerable parents.


Divorce rate within Hindus is the lowest in the world--it is a mindset .
Marriage is NOT based on lust, but by sacred commitment of 7 pheras  around a
holy fire. No Hindu woman will go for silicon implants to save her marriage.


I will be writing a separate post on the subject GRATITUDE, which is the noblest
of all virtues.


A true Hindu will not exploit vulnerability. Hinduism does not allow you to
breach a trust. When a Hindu says "thank you", he really means it. When a Hindu
greets you with a Namaste, he bows to the greatness in you.


There is great tolerance to other cultures and spiritual paths. The heart of
Hinduism is oneness and inclusivity..


The Vedic rishis had stressed, there are many paths to the final goal.


This is why Hinduism has a multiplicity of Gods and Goddesses. This is why
Hinduism abjures all divides and separates. It happily embraces all different
paths.





This piece is for Roman Catholic Rahul Gandhi.  He must understand the great
Indian legacy he has to carry forward, and understand the meaning of Dharma.





It is also for the white man who has never understood a Hindu, despite ruling
their destinies for several centuries.





I am a proud Hindu.


15% of the people on this planet are Hindu.  It evolved in 9000 BC.  In 7000 BC
Hindu temples existed from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam-- during the benevolent
rule of Aryan Indian king Emperor Vikramaditya.


Hinduism is a spiritual code. Know thyself is the quintessence.


It has no founder or a Supreme head. There is NO supreme middleman like the Pope
who can canonise a human into a saint, by giving bullshit, to the unsuspecting
masses.


It is a movement based on principles or evolved over time code of  Dharma. It is
a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations.


Hinduism does NOT care for individual leadership or hierarchy.


I have never said a prayer in my life--even when my ship was 38 miles off the
eye of a Category 5 storm.

(Read my post SUPER TYPHOON BART, THE PERFECT STORM dated 22nd Dec 2010).


Who knows , tomorrow, I may be less cocky of my own abilities and could start
praying fervently for deliverance.


This is the wonder of Hinduism. I don't care to visit temples, I don't care to
pray, yet--I am a believing and practising Hindu.


Hinduism is the world's oldest religion 11000 years old, when the white man's
land was under the quaternary ice age sheets.


Yet, Hinduism is NOT a religion. It is a way of life.


This is a religion without fundamentals or lack of compulsions. You cannot get
ex-communicated for NOT toeing the line.


This is why India has never attacked any other country in the past history, but
has been invaded again and again and again. If every Indian had picked up a
stone like the Palestinians , we could have driven away the invaders long back
or killed them like mad jackals on the school street, in one day, ages ago.


It is a faith so unique, that it gives space for every other religion. Hinduism
has never claimed to be the only true religion.


Hinduism has never converted , by guile ( Christian missionaries ) or force (
Muslim ) -- nor has a army of missionaries , ramming it down unwilling throats.


I feel happy as a Hindu to meet people of other faiths, and converse with them,
without being burdened by the conviction , that my religion is the best, and i
have embarked on the right path, that every one else has missed.


Of my top 3 friends, one is Muslim, One is Roman Catholic, and one is Hindu.
Both my children studied in Muslim majority school Hilltop School , Calicut for
12 years from LKG.  The ratio of seats for Muslims is 90%-- as the school it is
run by a Muslim trust. What you believe in we do to our children , right? My
elder son was adjudged the best student of this Muslim school , the year he
passed out.  So, is there any discrimination?  This school was so orthodox that
on Friday , they took Muslim children to the mosque by bus.


Though we use the Bhagawat Gita to swear an oath, as set down by our British
rulers in court--we do NOT have a single holy book, like the Bible or Koran.
Such has been the tolerance to deviant beliefs.


I am proud of the diversity, the range, and the lofty metaphysical aspirations
of Vedanta.


The eternal truths in the Vedas were written by our great seers without junk DNA
in their bodies and king sized resonating pineal glands. It is NOT mere
speculation of guesswork.


At the heart of Hinduism remains mans' essential quest for union with the
Absolute supreme.


Hinduism is based on reason and NOT faith--unless the faith is an extension of
reason. It has its won beliefs, timeless traditions, ethics, rituals, philosophy
and theology.










The Bhagavad-Gita ( discourse just before the Mahabharata war in 4000 BC , from
Charioteer Lord Krishna to Prince Arjuna ) conveys the essence of Hinduism as
follows-- . He who hates no single being, is friendly and compassionate, free
from self-regard and vanity, patient, contented, fixed on me in heart and mind,
is dear to me.

Hell has three gates: lust, anger, and greed.

There has never been a time when you and I have not existed, nor will there be a
time when we will cease to exist. As the same person inhabits the body through
childhood, youth, and old age, so too at the time of death he attains another
body. The wise are not deluded by these changes.

He who is full of faith and zeal, and has subdued his senses attains knowledge;
having attained knowledge, he soon attains supreme peace.

Do your duty. Sieze the moment. The time to do, is NOW.








The popularly recited Hindu invocation demonstrates this concern for universal
kinship: Om sarve bhavantu sukhinah. Sarve santu niraamayaah. Sarve bhadraani
pashyantu. Maa kaschid dukhbhaag bhavet.

May all beings be happy. May all beings be healthy. May all beings experience
prosperity. May none in the world suffer.

The unadulterated pluralism is captured in the ancient Sanskrit hymn:

Ekam sat vipraha bahudha vadanti Truth is one, the wise call it by many names.



The Vedas evolved in 7000 BC, but was penned down in 5000 BC, on the banks of
the Saraswati. It is NOT a set of preconceived ideas.


The fundamental deities are Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva. ( Creator/ preserver/
destroyer ) or Tamas/ Sattva Rajas  of the Yin Yang trident.


Ancient India has survived over 12000 years, because Hinduism was developed
along Spiritual lines, NOT materialistic lines.


Hinduism is a living organism-- a vest tree with countless branches.


Most Hindus believe in the doctrine of reincarnation. This is the belief that
each of us has a soul and that our souls are involved in a cycle of birth, death
and rebirth.


Reincarnation is tied closely to the doctrine of karma. Karma is the belief that
the actions during the previous life determine the conditions of each person's
birth.


Here is what a few people said of Hinduism, after understanding this religion
that has NOT reduced itself to one man, one book, one faith.





Dr. Carl Sagan: The Hindu religion is the only one of the world's great faiths
dedicated to the idea that the Cosmos itself undergoes an immense, indeed an
infinite, number of deaths and rebirths.  It is the only religion in which the
time scales correspond, to those of modern scientific cosmology. The most
elegant and sublime of these is a representation of the creation of the universe
at the beginning of each cosmic cycle, a motif known as   The dance of Shiva. In
the upper right hand is a drum whose sound is the sound of creation. In the
upper left hand is a tongue of flame, a reminder that the universe, now newly
created, with billions of years from now will be utterly destroyed.

Mark Twain:  "Land of religions, cradle of human race, birthplace of human
speech, grandmother of legend, great grandmother of tradition. The land that all
men desire to see and having seen once even by a glimpse, would not give that
glimpse for the shows of the rest of the globe combined."

Albert Einstein:  "When I read the Bhagavad-Gita and reflect about how God
created this universe everything else seems so superfluous"

Henry David Thoreau:  "In the morning I bathe my intellect in the stupendous and
cosmogonal philosophy of the Bhagavad-Gita, in comparison with which our modern
world and its literature seems puny and trivial."



Will Durant, American Historian: “India will teach us the tolerance and
gentleness of mature mind, understanding spirit and a unifying, pacifying love
for all human beings.”

Max Muller, German Scholar: “There is no book in the world that is so thrilling,
stirring and inspiring as the Upanishads.” (‘Sacred Books of the East’)
 


To the sceptic who wonders whether I have replaced one set of max Mueller lies
with another bigger one—pl note.  When Hindus are born their horoscopes are
made. Every Indian Hindu does it. Mine was engraved on a palm leaf. My sons’
horoscopes are in a notebook. The horoscope gives the navagrahas and rashis. For
Sri Rama of Ramayana who fought with Ravana in 4000 BC, his horoscope gives
position of different planets vis-a-vis zodiac constellations and nakshatras
(visible stars) were: i) Sun in Aries; ii) Saturn in Libra; iii) Jupiter in
Cancer; iv) Venus in Pisces; v) Mars in Capricorn; vi) Lunar month of Chaitra;
vii) Ninth day after no moon; viii) Lagna as Cancer (cancer was rising in the
east); ix) Moon on the Punarvasu (Gemini constellation & Pllux star). Max
Mueller had no such information, nor will he ever understand all this.

Indian mutts have record of horoscopes of all our Vedic personalities, to give
us time lines--we don't do bullshit guesswork or vested planting of dates ,
wrong by several millenniums, to suit the Bible time line where the cosmos was
created at 9 AM on 23rd Oct 2004..  The below photo is the horoscope of Swami
Vivekananda. All white men body talk about ancient astronomy and uses Indian
Sanskrit words and credits it to Mayan, Cherokee India, Hopi, Egyptian, Greek
civilisations or themselves -- they lifted everything out of Vedanta, and will
never admit it. Every Hindu Indian has his own horoscope like the one below.


 JesusChristwasinIndiawas3yearstolearnhowtomakehoroscopes,domeditation,learnmedi
 cine,Mantrahealing,ReikiscalarwaveDNAblueprinthealingetc--aspermodernNostradamu
 sEdgarCaycereadings,whichisstillavailable.8000CaycereadingsdealingwithVedantaha
 sbeenburiedbyVatican.


Rich world famous authors like Lynn Mctaggart have lifted Vedanta,whole sale in
her books The Field and The intention experiment-- yet all the credit she gives
India is the praise , pseudo Indian Deepak Chopra heaped on her work.





Hindus themselves prefer to use the Sanskrit term sanatana dharma for their
religious tradition. Sanatana as “eternal moral order” encourages Hindus to seek
s and moral truth wherever it might be found, each individual must realize this
truth through his or her own systematic effort.















Hindu scripture, based on the insights of Hindu sages and seers, serves
primarily as a guidebook. But ultimately truth comes to us through direct
consciousness of the divine or the ultimate reality. as GOD. Hindus refer to it
as Brahman.. (This is not to be confused with  Brahmin meaning priest.)

In many religions truth is delivered or revealed from a divine source and enters
the world through a single agent: for example, Abraham in Judaism, Jesus Christ
in Christianity, and Muhammad in Islam. These truths are then recorded in
scriptures that serve as a source of knowledge of divine wisdom: the Hebrew
Bible, the New Testament of the Christian Bible, and the Koran. In the Hindu
tradition, by contrast, there is no single revelation) by which people may
achieve knowledge of the divine or lead a life backed by religious law. The
Hindu tradition acknowledges that there are many paths by which people may seek
and experience religious understanding and direction. It also claims that every
individual has the potential to achieve enlightenment.  .

Hinduism’s universal world-view and its willingness to accept and celebrate
diverse philosophies, deities, symbols, and practices, makes it a religion that
emphasizes similarities and shared characteristics rather than differences. The
Hindu tradition , unlike other religions --has always concerned itself with the
human situation rather than the Hindu situation. Instead of basing its identity
on separating Hindu from non-Hindu or believer from non-believer, Hinduism has
sought to recognize principles and practices that would lead any individual to
become a better human being and understand and live in harmony with dharma. The
distinction of dharma from the Western sense of religion is crucial to
understanding Hindu religious identity  Dharma is an all-important concept for
Hindus. In addition to tradition and moral order, it also signifies the path of
knowledge and correct action.

Because of Hinduism’s emphasis on living in accordance with dharma, anyone who
is striving for spiritual knowledge and seeking the right course of ethical
action is, in the broadest sense, a follower of sanatana dharma.
 
The chain of births and deaths—is called samsara.
 
Samsara is caused by a lack of knowledge of our true self and our resultant
desire for fulfilment outside ourselves. We continue to embody ourselves, or be
reborn, in this infinite and eternal universe as a result of these unfulfilled
desires.

The chain of births lets us resume the pursuit. The law that governs samsara is
called karma. Each birth and death we undergo is determined by the balance sheet
of our karma—that is, in accordance with the actions performed and the
dispositions acquired in the past.

 KarmaisacrucialHinduconcept.Accordingtothedoctrineofkarma,ourpresentconditionin
 lifeistheconsequenceoftheactionsofourpreviouslives.Thechoiceswehavemadeinthepas
 tdirectlyaffectourconditioninthislife,andthechoiceswemaketodayandthereafterwill
 haveconsequencesforourfuturelivesinsamsara.

An understanding of this interconnection, according to Hindu teachings, can lead
an individual towards right choices, deeds, thoughts, and desires, without the
need for an external set of commandments. Under the doctrine of karma, the
ability to make choices remains with the individual.
 
The sacred fire serves as a witness to the vows exchanged between the bride and
the bridegroom. The sacrament of death calls for cremation (burning of the dead
body), at the end of which the ashes are collected and deposited, usually by the
sea side of or in a river
 
Hindu gods are regularly displayed with their female counterparts. Tantra
involves the balancing of these two aspects—Shiva (representing consciousness)
and Shakti (representing energy)—in a manner reminiscent of yin and yang.
 
Hinduism has neither a beginning or founder, nor a central authority, hierarchy,
or organization. a. A further characteristic of Hinduism is the ideal of ahimsa.
Ahimsa, “non-injury” or the absence of the desire to harm, is regarded by Indian
thinkers as one of the keystones of their ethics. Historically, ahimsa is
unrelated to vegetarianism
 


11000 years ago-- Hinduism gave this world :--


The consciousness of the double slit quantum experiment observer.


The principle of " mind over matter".


Yin-Yang principle , of the cosmos.


Energy and matter is convertible E= MC2  ( formula used to end the 2nd world war
with Nuclear bomb --localised in Hiroshima and Nagasaki )


( it goes further to E=T MC2 as in Vedic BRAHMASTRA,  for faster than light
( Tesla Scalar Interferometry--  formula to start and end World War 3 -- AND
( TOTAL ANNIHILATION  ). Where T is 'delta T ' or change of time. When scalar
( beams hurtle through hyperspace the flow of time gets redirected temporarily.


That biological internet DNA which holds the intelligent force , cannot be
destroyed--mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC as Tvatsa , double helix coiled
serpents.--to hell with Darwin


Zero point field, The Akasha or Ether and Scalar waves.


The Schuman resonance of 7.83 Hz or OM which triggers quantum tunneling and
opens wormholes


The Sri Yantra which contains the elusive theory of everything. World's oldest
architecture based on Sri Yantra vaastu, in the form of majestic temples and
Egyptian pyramids . It is the FRACTAL geometric design of the universe or the
universal mind.


Yoga

Vedic Nanotechnology from silver colloids for anti-viral medicine to  mercury
ion for flying saucers to self assembling conscious mantra triggered missiles to
invisibility cloaks to water based homeopathy.

The miraculous powers of MUDRA and Nadi channeling.


Ayurveda-- the holistic medicine


Sanskrit, the worlds oldest written language-- the only unambiguous computer
language suitable for N-GRAM NLP and AskMSR. This language originated from the
12 strand DNA of Maharshis with fractal minds.


Mathematics of Aryabhatta in 2700 BC


Astronomy 8000 years ago


Quantum butterfly effect of a bloodless sacrifice of breaking a coconut with
intention.
 


Prayer


Tesla's Resonance and CV Raman's Soliton


Explanation of the Holographic nature of the universe--where every part is a
whole.


Reprogramming and healing DNA blueprint with Mantras and Scalar longitudinal
waves.


That matter is created by vibrations.


The morphogenetic field of consciousness-- the most important thing on this
planet--the brahmAn.








 
Resonating your pineal gland with a Black meteorite stone to speed up the 7
chakras -- ( black orgone emitting stones located by Rishi scouts of Emperor
Vikramaditya in 7000 BC BC at Jerusalem dome of the rock,  Shiva Lingam at Mecca
Kaaba SE corner , Stolen black stone stone of Petra, black Shiva lingam hidden
inside the Vatican vault excavated from Solomon's temple , temple at Cyprus and
hundreds of Shiva temples till Vietnam ).



The inwards BINDU singularity, balancing the outwards big-bang via Tamas-Rajas
or Yin-Yang . ( Sri yantra centre spot )

The principle of Ahimsa, Non-violence --and vegetarianism

.-- need i say more?

Vatican has spead malicious propaganda that Shiva Lingam is Lord Shiva's penis.
It represents his PINEAL GLAND.

 






See the Shiva lingam entablature above , and the concept on a macro scale.




When a foreigner comes to an Indian Hindu Guru for mental solace, the first
thing he tells them is NOT to give up their original religion. Some spiritual
leaders like Sai Baba even gave this in writing by pampletes and posters.

 ItwasNEVERtoconvert--onlytogiveawayfree.



Anybody who will need to ask, after reading all this --

I will tell him this  -- 'Maan, you will NEVER understand' !!










When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and
were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great
civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in
Sanskrit. An employee German Max Mueller working for German Jews Rothschild, the
owner of opium running British East India company, was told by Vatican to
subvert world history to prove to all, that Bible dates are right. That the big
bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion
years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500
BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) . BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda
was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot
of Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out
of India, with their Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm )
as modern DNA tests have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . The
Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish
religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at
Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican.



ABRAHAM who is common to Christianity, Islam and Judaism is BRAHMA, the creator
god of Hinduism. Brahma's wife is Sarawati the goddes of learning . Sara is the
wife of Abraham. Hindusim is 110 centuries old, while Christianity is 20
centuries old and Islam is 14 centuries old.

I foresee other people of other faiths taking up Hinduism in the future. It is
already happening world wide, the latest this year being Julia Roberts.

It is NOT difficult for people to see that this mother of all religions  is the
only one which does NOT have a hidden agenda.
 



The picture below gives some propaganda. These words are NOT there in the
original Vedas. This Shudras being from the feet etc -- is all bullshit . This
was added by the clever Brahmins , to cheat the public , and condone their HIGH
HANDEDNESS-- that there have been given special powers over the rest by
divinity.



Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the
Indian Sri Yantra ( which contains the TOE ) based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was
drawn in 8000 BC --see video below.
 


There are two paths in Hinduism.

One is the Advaita ( non-dual ) and the other is Dwaita ( dual ) philosophy of
Sanatana Dharma.

The Advaita looks at God as brahmAn, the intelligent morphogenetic consciousness
field  -- the akasha ,the space between the electrons in an atom.

The Dwaita form looks at God as the trinity of creator Brahma , preserver Vishnu
and destroyer Shiva alos known as Tamas -Rajas- sattwa.  The modern world knows
this as Yin-Yang .

Examples: Energy/ matter Particle/ wave Cathode/ anode Conscious/ subconscious
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic Catablism/ anabolism Potential energy/ kinetic
energy Attraction/ repulsion Excitation/ inhibition Birth/ decay Static /
dynamic Organic / inorganic Freezing/ melting Vaporization/ condensation
Positive pole/ negative pole North pole/ southpole magnetic Ionization/ de-
ionistaion Clockwise vortex/ counterclockwise vortex Absorption/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation Evaporation/ condensation Conscious/ Subconscious Left
brain lobe/ Right brain lobe

These dual poles are connected via consciousness.  It is about the quantum
possibility wave vibration between two poles. If the restraining balance or
equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end. This
guarantees change, growth and evolution Lessening of Yin- always results in
increase of Yang and vice versa.  One cannot exist without the other and they
are mutually dependant . Balance can never be permanent—  Yin and Yang
continuously devour each other – and life flows on.

Could this 11000 year old Hindu religion be one invented by bumpkin shepherds or
by evolved seers?
********************************************************************************
GRATITUDE, THE NOBLEST OF ALL VIRTUES -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



In this post I will let out a secret, which i have NOT revealed till today.


Two weeks ago I went to Chennai to do my Master's Certificate of Competency
revalidation. During the course,  the College arranged for an ILO medical exam.
The doctor came to the class room hall, and during this process we needed to
take X Rays, where all had to strip to the waist.


A couple of Masters asked me " Ajit, you don't have signs of ageing on your face
or body, at the age of 55. what is the big secret?"


I chose NOT to give a straight reply .  I said " I guess I am a happy guy!. For
more punch into Google search HAPPINESS FROM WITHIN , VADAKAYIL " .


Later when i came back to my hotel, i decided i would post on my big secret
GRATITUDE.


No psychologist has ever paid any importance to this huge word.  It shows what
they are worth or what the science of human psychology is worth.




Here we go. I will keep it short, as things of greatest value must be kept short
and sweet.


When my wife was 8 months pregnant with my elder son , she went to the Sarpa
Kavu ( snake temple ) in Kannur for offerings . She had in a dish , eggs and
milk, which she put one by one into a dark hole teeming with King Cobras.




I was a bit afraid, as I stood to lose both my wife and child. She reassured me
" This is our family tradition. A Cobra snake does NOT bite the hand that feeds,
only a human being does that.!"


This is an ancient Kerala practice to reprogram the DNA blue print of the baby
inside the mother's womb, for the better-- it makes a champion.


I will NOT go any further on this subject.


I will transgress briefly into human psychology.





Gratitude is the noblest of all virtues.


Gratitude has the strongest link with mental health of any trait. Grateful
people experience very deep levels of happiness.


Gratitude is not only the greatest virtue, but is is the parent of all other
human virtues. This makes ingratitude the greatest of all vices , right?


If a grateful man is the North pole, the ingrate is the south. Such is the
difference between these two denizens of this planet.


Grateful people have memories stored inside their hearts. When you take care of
your old and helpless parents , you are a grateful guy, and the ultimate in
courtesy. Gratitude is the most beautiful and fragrant flower, in the garden of
your soul.


Ungrateful people are the scum of earth. They are always jealous and greedy.


I personally know a lot of ungrateful people, who have bitten my hand which fed
them. Such people will always lick the boots of those who kick their backsides.
These people are deeply unhappy and their WRINKLED faces show their wrinkled
souls..


An ungrateful guy has only one vice, the rest of all his vices and crimes can
pass off as virtues.


Greed's worst and darkest point is ingratitude.


We talk about forgiveness to be happy. Well i will put it in another way. The
only time you should get even is with a person who helped you when you were in
deep trouble, and you ass was on the line --without any expectation of
reciprocity.


Even concealing a kindness received is ingratitude. Conveniently forgetting it
is even a greater sin.


Caesar, said that the stab of Brutus was the unkindest cut of all--and it burst
his mighty heart, at the cruelty of the stab.


It was indeed a fine poet who wrote"  Blow, blow, thou winter wind, and chill my
bones- thou art not so unkind as man's ingratitude" .


A grateful dog is better than an ungrateful man.


Gratitude has a unique relationship with your mental and physical health.
Grateful people are happier, less stressed and happier with social
relationships.


Grateful people have better self acceptance and are at peace with themselves (
now don't ask me how many pieces !) .


They have more positive ways to cope up with difficulties, and are more likely
to seek help. They are less likely to avoid a problem, blame themselves and then
get drunk or use drugs--for they sleep better, having less negative chatter in
their minds.


Spread this secret around with your well wishers!




Do you  know how animals express gratitude?

 



DNA can be altered through magnetic fields, heart coherence, Sanskrit mantras,
positive mental states and intention.  Genetic determinism is a flawed theory.
Factors like love and appreciation ( positive quantum nutients ) or anxiety and
anger ( negative QN ) also influence a person’s DNA blueprint program.

When we are stressed or negative, our biological energy reserves are diverted
from the important task of regenerating and repairing the body. We can
counteract cellular quantum nutrient deprivation by focusing on genuine states
of care, gratitude , appreciation and love.




Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
INVISIBILITY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



We find scientists running to countries having a total solar eclipse to find out
what is behind the sun. This has been going on even in the Vedic era.








This must be the basis for making things invisible. The Maharshis who stayed on
the banks of river Saraswati with 12 strand DNA and a king sized pineal gland
could make themselves invisible. They used the power of their auras.

Is this all bullshit?

let us examine it in a scientific way.

In case an object has to become invisible, either light must pass through it
like glass, or light must bend around it , like the solar eclipse, revealing
objects behind the sun. --using the curvature of the space time fabric--which is
gravity.

Gravity pushes--it does NOT pull, as told by Newton of apple bump on head fame.

In case light has to go through the body, then this body must be rotated out of
this dimension, which we will not talk about in this post.

Light does not bend under an externally applied electric or magnetic field
because the photon has no electric charge.


But gravity bends light , as seen during the solar eclipse, where the intense
gravitational field acts like a lens , diverting the starlight towards us.


. The gravity of planets is static in comparison to light. For one to influence
the other, resonance (matching in frequencies) must happen.


As soon as you modulate or vibrate gravity, light bends like a straw under its
influence. This the closer you reach resonant frequency, the less intense the
gravitational field needs to be.


How exactly do we modulate  gravity?.

When an electric and magnetic field cross one another at right angles, gravity
is produced in a direction perpendicular to both




So, by modulating either the magnetic or electric field, you get a gravitational
field vibrating at the same frequency.  We can use an AC  to electrify an object
or energize a coil.
                                                                   


Therefore, a light-bending object requires an oscillating, rotating
gravitational field so that incoming light meets this field, follows it all the
way to the other side, and leaves to continue its path.

Immerse a charged spherical object in a magnetic field . If you plot the gravity
vector,at right angles to both electric and magnetic fields, it can be rotated
around the object like a vortex.

To modulate this field, it is better to alternate the electric component using a
Tesla coil since its high voltage/high frequency ensures good field strength and
closeness of charge to the object.


Tesla had showed the world that wires conduct electrons only at the surface and
was the first to use multiple stands in a electrical wire conducting AC
electricity. This closeness is due to the “skin effect” where high frequency
electricity tends to travel on the skin of an object rather than through it.

The magnetic field can be produced by a Helmholtz coil--which produces a uniform
magnetic field .
   














Now, what happens when a photon enters the modulated gravity field? It enters
the field and gets side swiped, by the gravity vectors, sending it around the
object.


As per laws of conservation of momentum, such a photon must swing back around
the field, exactly, by the same amount it was deflected. This wont happen unless
the photon exits from the field, the opposite side from where it entered.

P=Mv+qA where :-- Q= Charge A= Electromagnetic vector potential


                       
Therefore, as far as an external observer is concerned, the light beam never
altered course and hence no object blocked its path.


Voila!--the object has become invisible-- as simple as that!








By the way, the swinging steel balls of honourable Newton are impressive right?
Here is the naked truth.  Thief Newtons law of "Conservation of momentum" was
stolen from Vedic Science of 4000 BC.

The VIBGYOR sunlight spectrum of thief Newton can still been seen in Indian
temples made in BC, along with amazing pinhole cameras .  These rainbow colours
were given to the 7 Chakras of the human body as early as 9000 BC.  Thief
Newtons laws of motion were lifted from the Sanskrit texts of 4000 BC and
Aryabhatta’s written work in 2700 BC in Sanskrit.
********************************************************************************
THE SWASTIKA SYMBOL - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




The above 5000 year old tablets are in the British Museum, and were unearthed at
Indus Valley civilisation, Harappa.

The drug running Rothschild family who owned the British East India company
employed a German Max Mueller to subvert world history. Max Mueller was under
instructions from Vatican to steal the ancient Vedic civilisation and the entire
achievements , to put the Indians under psychological subjugation.

When you tell a lie a thousand times, later you yourself will believe it is the
truth. Say, you go around telling everybody , that you have three legs-- after
repeating this lie too long, too many times, one fine day you will start missing
your "imaginary" third leg.

Max Mueller did propaganda that blue eyed and blonde Aryans ( Boris Becker
types, with blonde eyebrows and short curlies too! ) invaded India. While in
reality Aryans from India migrated outwards in 4000 BC, when the holy river
Saraswati dried up.


DNA tests have proved this beyond doubt.

Max Mueller could never imagine that one fine day, Indians will master DNA
tests, and istotope/ carbon dating. DNA tests pinged the white mark on Monica
Lewinski's dress , at an accuracy of one in a trillion, when there are only 6
billion people on earth.

Vedic civilization flourished on the banks of the river Saraswati from 9000 BC
to 4000 BC. The Vedas were written on its banks in Sanskrit.

Emperor Vikramadiya , the great Indian Aryan ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to
Vietnam in 7000 BC. He gave the world the Swastika symbol.



The swastika symbol originated in India in 9000 BC.

Lord Shiva, gave the language Sanskrit to the Vedic civilization in 9000 BC. At
this time, the entire white race had just come out from under the quaternary ice
age, and had NIL culture.

Below: Sapta rishis and Dhruv



The son of Lord Shiva and Parvati is Ganesha, an Indian god. Ganesha  is always
shown on a bed of lotus inset on a Swastika. (On Sept 21st 1995, thousands of
Ganesha statues world-wide, drank milk. BBC, CNN etc had shown vidoes of this
event,  live.. The harried scientists , rushed to give an answer on TV, blamed
surface tension and melted away.)



Swastika with Ganesha inset was found on Mohenjodaro and Harappan pottery of
3500BC ( Indus valley civilisation ).



Ever since archeologist Heinrich Schliemann found the Swastika symbol at Troy,
where the Trojan war was fought in 1200 BC, there has been great western
interest in the Swastika symbol -- and almost all the west started tripping over
each other in claiming this symbol for themselves. Of course they may NOT claim
Lord Ganesha, as this Indian god ,  is too obese for their taste.



The Russian Stonehenge more grander and much older than the British Stonehenge
was unearthed at Arkaim, Cheliabinsk, at the Urals. Putin went to visit the
site, when they found the ancient Aryan Swastika symbol on unearthed pottery.

Swastika is a Sanskrit word. SU means "good" ASTI means " to be "

Buddha was an Indian. He adopted the left handed Swastika for his religion in
1900 BC. His teachings were in the local language and Buddhism spread far and
wide to the far east till Japan.

In Hinduism the left handed Swastika is the symbol for terrifying Kali, the
destroyer goddess--  as a Yang symbol for Ying.( Tamas / Rajas ).



The right handed Swastika is the second most important symbol for the Indian
Hindu. The first is OM. OM is a sound carrier MANTRA.

Swastika is a TANTRA symbol, which is very powerful and auspicious.

By the way Tantra has nothing to do with sex, as per the white man's propaganda.
As per the white man's propaganda a Shiva Linga ( the black meteorite stone ) is
the phallus of Lord Shiva ( sic!). I am sure all these subversions made the
Vatican very happy.

The right handed Swastika finds relevance is almost every aspect of Hindu
culture.  It adorns the puja ( prayer ) room in my own home . Every Hindu
accountant starts a new account book with this symbol. Almost all Hindu marriage
pandals have this symbol. This symbol wards off evil.



It represents the cosmic spinning vortex. Everything is energy. All energy is a
vortex .




Hitler getting influenced by Alfred Rosenberg adopted the Swastika ( right
handed Hindi Aryan symbol ) for his Nazi party. So today most of the ignorant
west considers this holy symbol as a symbol to be hated, just because Hitler
used it.

Swastika was a symbol of the Dryuhus ( Druids ) who migrated from Indian river
Saraswati banks in 4000 BC. Druids are reputed to have built the British
Stonehenge. All druid images have been unearthed in Vedic style meditative
poses.

So all the people of this planet who want to claim the Swastika symbol for
themselves, to falsely claim that their own country is the cradle of world
civilisation, must also claim the son of Shiva-- Ganesha. It is gonna be a long
haul.

(In the right handed Swastika below, the inset is the Sri Yantra , which
(contains the theory of everything, and all the 11 possible dimensions of human
(consciousness, the last one being God.. Read my post SRI YANTRA, 108 AND THEORY
(OF EVERYTHING dated 8th March 2010.) The corners show the symbol OM. To know
(more read my post OM or AUM dated 3rd Dec 2010.)

Swastika symbols have been found in far flung areas of this planet-- King
Vikramaditya's hawks and homing pigeons ( fax machines of that age ) use to have
a golden swastika royal seal strapped around their legs.


R.W. Emerson, American Author: In the great books of India, an empire spoke to
us, nothing small or unworthy, but large, serene, consistent, the voice of an
old intelligence, which in another age and climate had pondered and thus
disposed of the questions that exercise us.

Bottom line:  Shiva;'s son Ganesha has the Swastika on his palm, is there
anybody out there still arguing that it was the Greeks who had it on their
helmets first? , or the blonde haired and blue eyed Boris Becker types had it?

-- Good!!









Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth.

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon..

The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun .

Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms

Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms

Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms

Diameter of moon 3499 kms

Diametr of earth 12798 kms

The Bhagavad Purana Canto 5, verse 2 says “The sun globe, which is a source of
heat, has a width (vistaratah) of 10,000 yojanas. The moon has a width of 25
yojanas”

1 Yojana is 140 kms ( this distance is modern linear - NOT the energy spiral
time/ distance path which is mentioned in all our Puranas ).  In reality
everything on this cosmos from Macro to Micro is  spiral energy .

In linear time Prakritti (manifest creation) came forth from the Purusha (the
absolute beyond anything created). It is a point from which all came into being.
In non-linear time, this point is always present where the ‘nothing’ and the
‘something’ connect beyond words. This space is 108.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/07/oort-cloud-hindu-yugas-and-breath-
of.html

Yojana/ Yugas  has been poison injected by the white invader to make Hindus look
stupid.  BR Ambedkar was given a list of poison injectd spots in our Vedas /
Upanishads/ Puranas and he wrote a book ( Riddles in Hindusim ) as if he is a
great Vedic Pandit who knows Sanskrit and who has read all our ancient
scriptures.

When you look at the Sun and the Moon from earth they are perceived as the SAME
size, this same size appears because of their distance and diameters.

The 108 division is the coming together of Purusha and Prakriti. It is the
vibration of the Purusha and Prakriti that has put us into existence.

In Ayurveda there are a 108 marmas in the body. They are points where
consciousness impinges the body that can heal or kill a living being.

They are vital points where consciousness connects to the body, where Purusha
(consciousness) is brought into Prakriti (body) to give life to the living
being. When we recite Sanskrit Mantras  108 times it acts as a Kavach
(protection) to each Marma.

The 108 intersections on the Sri Yantra  invoke the cosmic balance of Purusha
and Prakriti and the primordial ability of the seer Maharishi to see both
clearly.

Nine is connected to Ketu, the moksa Karaka (liberation)

In Sri Yantra there are 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4 point
upwards.  The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes
like the 10000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same
relationship between pi and phi .

The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or
'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal
places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were
NOT from Egypt.

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva
and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

Numerologically, nine is a very special number, it always returns to itself.
Look how it behaves with other numbers: 9 x 1 = 9 9 x 2 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9 9 x 3 =
27, 2 + 7 = 9 9 x 4 = 36, 3 + 6 = 9 9 x 5 = 45, 4 + 5 = 9 9 x 6 = 54, 5 + 4 = 9
9 x 7 = 63, 6 + 3 = 9 9 x 8 = 72, 7 + 2 = 9 9 x 9 = 81, 8 + 1 = 9 9 x 10=90, 9 +
0 = 9 9 x 11=99, 9 + 9 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9 9 x 12 = 108

108 is the numerical equivalent of Hindu King Mantra OM , in sync with the
rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  A rudraksha mala
woen by an ancinent maharishi had 108 beads .

When the ocean of milk ( Akash Ganga- milky way of the cosmos  ) was churned in
the beginning of time, it could only be done with the working unity of the
positive and negative cosmic forces- devas (gods) and asuras (demons).

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  The middle
prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex
vibrations, between two poles. This forms the basis of Dvaita Hinduism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-
or.html

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal
gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to
create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology.

The pineal gland produces AMRIT- Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta
carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life
7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to
be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of
belief or faith..

You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5
senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian
Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our
brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole
of universe .

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses.

THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME.

They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to
the visible.

To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing
acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years.

Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of
consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you
need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient
Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA.

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records
, convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use.

The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye.
This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness

This churning allows the kundalini to rise on the mountain axis ( meru)  of our
spine with the turtle of the root chakra below. Wife Parvati rising to meet
husband Shiva at the Sahasrara Chakra- the gate at Sushumna Nadi being opened by
her son Ganesha at Muladhara Chakra.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Kalari talks about 108 marmas.

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons )
. The rest are too short lived.

The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and
contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes.

The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through
hyperspace—the THEORY OF EVERYTHING is inherent in this mystic 3D geometry.

The heat of the big bang cooked up and created the elements in Dimitri
Mendeleev's periodic table. Sanskrit and Malayalam has 54 alphabets.

Vishnu avatar Varaha boar placed 108 in the cosmic equation .  Mind you, the
Muslims stopped worshipping at Babri Masjid at Ayodhya after they saw the boar
statues. They equated it with PIG.

In the Varaka avatar , Vishnu as the boar  carried the Earth out of the ocean
between his tusks and restored it to its place in the universe and later killed
Hinranyaksha ( Jaya ) .

 THISISANAMAZINGALLEGORY.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara

"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the
"earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks. - (S.Baghawatam.
"2.7.1)

See the divine magic.

We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth
rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?

During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the
sun—this again requires some fixing right?

For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the
Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter.

There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this
in our Vedas in 5000 BC.

Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the
major Puranas.

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who
“ has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of
“ creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an
“ offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC

‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for
‘ the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the
‘ universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)

Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a
boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to
humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this- Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed
with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the
domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a
form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.

This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on
Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why
pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and
other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.

The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected
into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig
insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get
transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know
that. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical
cord. They can have dreams. The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with
humans. It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different
species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans.

Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins. Pigs can see
in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

Vishnu first Matsya avatar was a DOLPHIN –that is why NO human being eats
dolphin.

In this purana ,  the dolphin saved the Vedas , which contained the blue prints
for the cosmos and DNA codes of life on earth.  It has been proved recently that
dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures.

They are conscious animals and pass the mirror test.  Only humans , Indian
elephants  and apes like bonobos and dolphins pass the mirror test. Dolphins are
second only to humans in smartness. MRI scans indicate that these marine mammals
are self-aware. Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to
be present only in humans.

Christianity lifted the story to have a male and female specimen of each species
in a stupid NOAH s ark. While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA
codes.

nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai: antha:
thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam / nishprathyooha tharanga
ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha:
maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING: “The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His
lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus
flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen
by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging
cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this
Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC

The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the
brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz.-

The sound emitted by the dolphins, has a frequency of 7.83 hertz which is the
same as the Hindu king Mantra OM and the earth’s heart beat ( Schumann’s
resonance ) .   Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. No
Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM .

From the conch OM sound comes as its innards are shaped by the morphogenetic
consciousness field or BrahmAn.  Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna
blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts. This
sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the
ionosphere as a wave guide.

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the
Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya
Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs
who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu
King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing. When
you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786 -- the holy number on
every Koran.

Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz
being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz Gam - 14 Hz Hleem - 20 Hz Hreem - 26 Hz Kleem - 33 Hz Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

Humans cannot hear less than 20 Hertz- but our hearts can hear it.


Dolphins are attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation
during underwater research.
********************************************************************************
ANTIGRAVITY AND SOLITONS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Today while taking my bath my shampoo got over. So i put the plastic shampoo
container into a bucket of water to draw some water into it.  But first i had to
expel air by pressing the body of the container causing air to excape through
the small hole suddenly.  At this time I saw SOLITON ANTI GRAVITY TSUNAMI WAVES.



When you do this in air with cigarette smoke, it is called a " smoke ring". All
of you are very familiar with smoke rings.



Clever people come on TV and make interlacing smoke rings which persist for a
long time. Well even a smoke ring is an anti gravity soliton wave.



The tsunami whick killed hundreds of thousands of people in 2004, which
originated at Sumantera and went up to Somalia, is a antigravity soliton wave.



The bore tide which rushed into the river Hoogly of Calcutta and Amazon river
travelling at a spectacular 40 knots is a soliton.


The soliton at the narrow river mouths of Nigeria , (where fresh water enters
salt water) which break the moorings of ships at SPM , with crude oil hose
burst, all hushed up because it is Nigeria , not USA ,  is well documented and
photographed.



People do NOT understand what a soliton is .

It is such a grey area.






Read what follows and understand it..

So what is anti gravity?


The ancient Aryan Indian Vedic Maharishis who lived on the banks of the river
Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC, could levitate their bodies.



These seers had NIL junk DNA in their bodies ( you have 96% junk DNA in your
body ). All of them had 12 strand DNA and resonating king sized pineal glands.



Such sages could get their chakras into overdrive , increase the size of their
auras , and easily levitate. Chakras , which you have in your body are spinning
energy vortexes.


They all held on to a copper lota filled with Ganges living water, for resonant
coupling, from the nearest temple holding black meteorite Shiva linga, which
made it easier.



People who levitate nowadays are frauds. For they cant put their chakras into
overdrive, with so much junk DNA in their bodies. They dupe the public and must
be punished.



You may find it very difficult to believe all this, despite seeing various anti
gravity toys available in the flea market.


Anti gravity soliton clouds can be seen occasionally, at sea in the sky. .


Vortex rings created in Bose -Einstein condensate, is a manifestation of quantum
theory on a macroscopic scale. A super fluid like liquid Helium within 2 degrees
of absolute zero,  flowing without viscosity of friction like current in a super
conductor, flowing uphill against the laws of gravity, over the walls of the
container, is a sight for the sore eyes.

A vortex is a circular flow around a central core, making a vortex ring like a
smoke ring or a whirl pool. A solton wave can travel long distances without
losing its energy and shape, like a tsunami. A dark soliton requires imagination
--it is a soliton wave made by the absence of something.

Now here is where the quantum effect comes in-- solition sometimes exhibits
"localised particle like properties". They can collide with another soliton and
emerge unscathed except for a phase shift, like in the picture. Unlike normal
waves THEY WILL NEVER MERGE.




The blue line is a carrier wave and the red line is the envelop.



IF A WAVE IS TOO BIG FOR THE DEPTH OF THE WATER, THEN IT SPLITS ONE BIG AND ONE
SMALL. --this is another story. Why this happens is beyond the scope of this
post-- it has applications in "Nano shear technology",  in faster than light ,
undetectable military zappers.

The strange properties of a soliton is used in fibre optics, for long distance
transmission without use of repeaters or boosters. Dark soliton is used in a
optical fibre, unlike water solitons .

Indian scientist and Physics Nobel prize winner, CV Raman was the first to use
such solitons, as early as 1920. Probably he used ancient Vedic hindsight.

Gravity is a push and NOT a pull, as contended by Newton of apple bump on head
fame. Poor classical Newton, he did NOT understand quantum physics, despite
stealing almost all his work from Vedic Indian science  of 5000 BC.

The curvature of space time fabric is basically channeling aether-- exactly like
how water flows into a sink hole.




The Yogi channeled this current of aether or akasha , around him. Like how the
smoke ring channels the smoke around itself.

Doughnut shaped waves channel the air around themselves, because they are like
rotating wheels stretched into a cylinder.. The wheels roll through , without
resistance.

See the solition smoke ring below , to become a believer. This pattern will hold
shape --




Digression: When you go for a Sri Sri Ravishankar SO HUM breathing course, after
some time you have to tuck the extremities of your body like your limb ends
within your aura frame. Anything sticking out, vibrates like hell. It has to be
felt to be believed.

To channel aether or akasha instead of air,we need a magnetic dipole. For a
soliton made of flux we need to create an apple shaped field where the magnetic
flux flows out from top and goes into the bottom.





When a vortex is bent to one side and made into a circle it becomes a soliton.



To replicate in terms of electric and magnetic fields, you need a hoop of wire
on which another wire is wound co-axially.


The aether flow is diverted and you obtain a gravity shield.


If the dipole flux is too strong, to much aether is channeled downwards ---

and then you LEVITATE.






People go to Mecca , to speed up their chakras , using the resonant power of
black meteorite stone at the SE corner of the Kaaba. The Dome of the rock in
Jerusalem is a black stone. The Shiva linga is a black stone.

So, how do flying saucers hold steady?-- piece of cake right?

Surprised?
********************************************************************************
SRI YANTRA AND THE EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



11TH DIMENSION OF GOD AT BINDU,  OM,  GOLDEN RATIO-- SRI YANTRA THE FRACTAL
GEOMETRIC DESIGN OF THE COSMOS





Watch the video above. It is the most powerful TANTRIC symbol.





Did you see the 5 spiralling energy cones from top and 4 from bottom interlock
in 3D, to form 43 triangles  -- and form the most powerful and complex geometry
of this cosmos.






The super genius Nikola Tesla would repeatedly see the bright geometric form of
the Sri Yantra




The vedic Indian Aryan civilization flourished on the banks of the river
Saraswati in 9000 BC. It is the oldest civilisation in the world.



The Indian Mantra of OM or AUM is 11000 years old. When you chant this master
mantra with its harmonics at 7.83 Hz ( earth's heart beat --Schumann resonance )
, the Sri Yantra -- which contains the elusive" theory of everything" forms like
magic on  water, like magic  -- cymatics.

When you utter the alphabet of  DIVINE language like Sanskrit, which originated
from the DNA, it will form the written letter on cymatics. Computer science
experts who are working on conscious computers and N-GRAM NLP be guided by this
advise. The human DNA with its mobius coil, double helix is the ultimate
computer.




The Sri yantra is holographic, in that every bit of it contains all of it.






OM is the sound of Cosmic Energy and contains all the sounds in itself. As per
the Vedas written in Sanskrit in 5000 BC, OM is the sound of light.  The
primordal vibrations of all quantum matter , is thus represented by OM.


OM opens up quantum tunneling, where the wormholes do NOT have a restriction of
speed of light.


The Sri Yantra represents the 11th dimension, much more lucidly that the foggy
E8 theory.


The great pyramids of Egypt was built by architects from my home state of
Kerala, who understood the golden ratio.




The pictures of the chief architects are present in the British musuem as well
as several European museums. These Vedic Maharishis has 12 strand DNA , and
beautiful fractal minds, which sees complex numerical problems as geometry.





The men sports the Vishnu ( Preserver God  ) U symbol on forehead and arms.





These people knew Vaastu, and would only build on an exact NESW co-ordinate. In
those days, nobody else knew how to do this.  Warrior saint Parashurama had
installed 108 Dhanwantari idols ( avatar of Vishnu and god of Ayurveda  ) after
he left the banks of the river Saraswati in 4000 BC, when the river dried up.
There is one near Guruvayur temple in Kerala.

A tablet containing this sanskrit verse from Bhagawat Gita of 4000 BC was found
in the great Pyramid. It is now in the British Museum. “vasanvsi jeernani yatha
vihaya, navani ghrunnati naro parani”.


This means "as a person puts on new garment, giving up the old ones, the soul
similarly accepts a new material body giving up the old and the useless ones".
This explains the ritual of the mummy making and the elaborate burial system in
the Egyptian civilization where efforts are made to make the soul comfortable
with all necessary things because they believed that the soul will need all
these till it finds a material body. Reincarnation in short.  This is a Hindu
Vedic concept.—nobody else can claim this Sanskrit verse.

Rothschild employee Max Mueller knew of this , still he stuck to his bull shit
of 1859, pushing back Rig Veda ( the oldest written record of this planet ) by
2500 years , to suit Vaticans contention of the time of the Big Bang ( 4004 BC )
and Noah's arc ( 2500 BC ) .

 

Check out the video above about Vimanas 7000 BC --flying saucers.

Aryabhatta from my home state, who gave Mathematics to the world was born in
2700 BC, not 500 AD as per Vatican agent Max Mueller. ( you can see his mind
boggling achievements in Google )

The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the
6000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship
between pi and phi . The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the
Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square- root 5)/2 (its
value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the
Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt

All triple intersections meet at the same point. The vertices of the largest
triangles fall on the circumference of the enclosing circle. Except for the two
biggest triangles, all apexes touch the base of another triangle. The central
triangle facing downwards must be equilateral and holds the Bindu of the
holistic pyramid . The Bindu is also the centre of the circle .

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva
and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

108 is the numerical equivalent of OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and
space and represents perfect totality. All mantras are repeated 108 times. All
prayer beads count up to 108. 12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108. Sun's
diameter is 108 times that of the earth. The distance between the Earth and Sun
is 108 times the diameter of the Sun


BINDU or the centre DOT of the Sri Yantra, is consciousness ( GOD ) , or the
quantum double slit experiment.

These are the 11 Dimensions. 0. No Dimension (Bindu- Nothing) 1. a Line (Length)
2. a split (Height) 3. a Fold (Breadth) 4. a line ( Time) 5. a split (Choosing a
timeline) 6. a fold ( Jumping from one timeline to another eg. time travel 7. a
point ( A point of all possible timelines and hence INFINITY) (INFINITY) 8. a
line ( Different infinities different from our own big bang. Different universe
with its own infinities and dimensions eg. a 2D character cannot live in its own
universe without having a clue what 3D is)) Hence Joining this line from One
Universe of infinities from the 7 dimension and joining it to another universe
which would for the 8th Dimension 9. a fold (Travelling from one universe of
different dimensions to another eg. a 2D character travelling to a 3D world)) It
would disappear and be taken to a totally different universe that it could have
never imagined)) 10. a Point ((Taking all the possible infinities of all
possible dimensions and all possible infinite universes and bringing it to a
point.. This is where we start over again and cannot think of anything more than
that)) 11. Bindu or God So if we started off with a point which is nothing and
ended off with a point which is everything then

ALL =  NOTHING On Aug 10th 1990, the Crop circle of the PERFECT Sri Yantra 13.3
miles long lines ( 10 inches wide and 3 inches deep ) , was etched on a wet
Mickey basin lake bed, at Alvord desert, overnight and was photographed by a
Oregon US airforce pilot.
 




It’s location in the desert of eastern Oregon is now a “sacred place” for UFO
watchers worldwide who still make the journey to the Mikey Basin to be near the
site where Sri Yantra was first discovered. Sri Yantra is the mystical 3D
holographic construct of the Cosmos by SIX VIRTUAL SPIRALLING VORTEX CONES, 3
pointing upwards and 3 pointing downwards, as ying-yang balance. To understand
why all this exists would be to know the mind of God. A superior intelligent
being resides with our DNA holding the highest state of intellectual
consciousness and awareness

Sri Yantra’s 3 dimensional geometrical pattern contains the elusive Theory Of
Everthing ( TOE ) which interlinks gravity and antigravity to the other
fundamental forces of nature. This cosmic consciousness pranic diagram contains
the 11 dimensions, the ultimate periodical table of elements and E8 root
structure which is inclusive of the double helix DNA , quarks, anti-quarks,
leptons, neutrinos, excitons, plasmons , solitons ,mesons, hadrons, gluons,
W-bosons, nuclear forces , scalar waves , akashic torsion field records , dark
energy, time, space etc.



The golden ratio is lifted by an Italian Fibonacci , from the mystic Vaastu
geometry of Sri Yantra of Indian Vedic times 10,000 years ago.

The Sri Yantra is the basis of the great Egyptian pyramids.

The Golden Ratio is a universal law in which is contained the ground-principle
of all formative striving for beauty and completeness in the realms of nature
art, structures, forms and proportions, whether cosmic or individual, organic or
inorganic, acoustic or optical—and of course in the perfect human form.

Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic
Mathematics, from the Arabs. He took this knowledge to Italy.

Fibonacci series was lifted from the written work of the great Indian
mathematician Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru.  Later
Indian mathematician Virahanka's work was translated into Arabic in 600 AD.

Fibonacci series or sequence : 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233,
377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, ... (each number is the sum of the previous
two). The ratio of successive pairs is so- called golden section - 1.618033989 .
. . . .

Fibonacci was the first to introduce the Hindu-Arabic number system into Europe-
the system we now use today- based on ten digits with its decimal point and a
symbol for zero: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. and 0

A golden rectangle is a rectangle whose side lengths are in the golden ratio, 1:
1.618. whose reciprocal is 0.618033989 . . . . . so that we have 1/G = 1 + G.



The distance from the lower corners of the 2x1 rectangle to the top and bottom
vertices of the Sri Yantra is PHI = (1/2)(diagonal of rectangle + 1) =
(1/2)(sqrt(5) + 1).   Since PHI^2 = PHI + 1, the radius of the circle is
sqrt(PHI^2 - 1^2) = sqrt ((PHI + 1) - 1) = sqrt(PHI).  Let D be the distance
between the base lines of the two largest triangles. Then the highest and lowest
base lines are at distance D above and below the base lines of the two largest
triangles.   Everthing else is constructed symmetrically from those basic
elements.




51 deg 49 min 38.25 sec are the angle measurements for both the

Egyptian  pyramids and Sri Yantra pyramid.




This can NEVER EVER be a coincidence, as Sri Yantra is too complicated a
geometry.








I talian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the
Indian Sri Yantra based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 8000 BC --see
video below.
 

When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and
were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great
civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in
Sanskrit. An employee German Max Mueller working for German Jews Rothschild, the
owner of opium running British East India company, was told by Vatican to
subvert world history to prove to all, that Bible dates are right. That the big
bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion
years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500
BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) . BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda
was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot
of Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out
of India, with their Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm )
as modern DNA tests have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . The
Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish
religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at
Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican. Building a pyramid is
very easy when you have an upward surge from the underground Nile which was more
powerful than the overland Nile those days.  Flotation power can lift huge
weights.

The King's chamber of the Great pyramid is a representation of etherical abode
of Lord Shiva , the Mount Meru of Vedic Hindu Mythology.  Mount Meru extends
from earth into space to a height of 85 times earth's diameter.  Lord Shiva is
the destroyer god of the Trinity of Tamas Rajas Satwa ( yin- yang ) or creator/
preserver/ destroyer, represented by Shiva's trident.  Meru was used to churn
the oceans , Sagar Manthan for divine nectar.






http://youtu.be/8z97i3FBhSs
  
PL CLICK ON THE LINK ABOVE FOR A VIDEO.

Almost every Indian temple is a representation of Mount Meru.



 
Vedic Vimanas or flying saucers used mercury vortex ion engines. The ion engine
was first demonstrated by German-born NASA scientist Ernst Stuhlinger.  The
Vedic texts were taken to Germany by Hermann Gundert.

The use of ion propulsion systems were first demonstrated in space by the NASA
Lewis “ Space Electric Rocket Test SERT.. These thrusters used mercury as the
reaction mass. The first was SERT 1, launched July 20, 1964, successfully proved
that the technology operated as predicted in space. The second test, SERT-II,
launched on February 3, 1970, verified the operation of two mercury ion engines
for thousands of running hours.







The kings chamber coffin , of the Giza pyramid  is NOT a coffin . It used to
contain mercury, exported from India . The apex of the Giza pyramids used to
give a blue glow which could be seen thousands of miles.

Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older.
Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for
Guru Brihaspati. . Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The
astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to
represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi
Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is
lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus
is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma /
Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia
and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan
war where Helen was stolen. Several people came to India to get a cure for
epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights.

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician.

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his
debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract.

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang
thing-- - but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1
mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before
Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was
Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains
died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded
secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the
same thing via advanced Calculus.

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever
understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha
mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years
before Pythagoras was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search- ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .
And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s
No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other
than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks
Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and
Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material
world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the
earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below.

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he
was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick
Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the
Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western
world.

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander
the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the
foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge
.

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and
Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING
of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the
dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old
Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose
entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example : In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas),
Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm). Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more
most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta
Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda. So his
fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic
(phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most
important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of
water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic
system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is
explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted
from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle,
which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is
called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath
on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was
absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods-
and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was
his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff.

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from
faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body
and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR
TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy
man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris (
Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt
) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) .

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is
the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman
hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music
and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known
for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which
he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna )
crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it
was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild
animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over
curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are
sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets
and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on
the musical scale. The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the
philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins
in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the
west.

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics (
magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the
MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was
killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went
down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto
allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he
did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus,
however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and
Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever.

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing
Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of
Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek
equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the
soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death. Almost every Greek text tells
that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play
Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking
Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda
and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search- MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER
VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the
5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in
their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about
India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation
known to me.”
  
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells
about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing
elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool
growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use
in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the
Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just
for kicks.

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger . Such
jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb
detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left
overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan (
Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a
living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian
laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was
ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only
Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like
him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. (
AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so
there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the
parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John
Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of
Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of
devotees.

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of
rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas),
however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara,
‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’).

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit,
bhakti, ‘devotion’). And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate
cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I
am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be
reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he
knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter
form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's
Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter (
heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the
metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document
for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when
in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin
Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above
his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a
furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological
plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and
procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and
resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary
journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He
writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its
origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew.

 Bartholomewisoneofthe12disciplesofJesusandismentionedinthreeSynopticgospels:Mat
 thew,[10:1–4]Mark,[3:13–19]andLuke,[6:12–16]andalsoappearsasoneofthewitnessesof
 theAscension[Acts1:4,12,13];however,eachtimeheisnamedinthecompanyofPhilip.Heisn
 otmentionedinGospelofJohn.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-
navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.
Kosmas was the author of a stolen world- geography and a book on stolen Kerala
astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is
certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of
consciousness, and there also sight is created from understanding.  For there
understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from
visible light.”

Consciousness ?

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history—
********************************************************************************
SRI YANTRA IN 3D WITH PYRAMIDS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



11TH DIMENSION OF GOD AT BINDU,  OM,  GOLDEN RATIO





Watch the video above. It is the most powerful TANTRIC symbol.



Did you see the 5 pyramids from top and 4 from bottom interlock in 3D, to from
43 traingles-- and form the most powerful and complex geometry of this cosmos.




The super genius Nikola Tesla would repeatedly see the bright geometric form of
the Sri Yantra


The vedic Indian Aryan civilization flourished on the banks of the river
Saraswati in 9000 BC. It is the oldest civilisation in the world.


The Indian Mantra of OM or AUM is 11000 years old. When you chant this master
mantra with its harmonics at 7.83 Hz ( earth's heart beat --Schumann resonance )
, the Sri Yantra -- which contains the elusive" theory of everything" forms like
magic on  water, like magic  -- cymatics.

When you utter the alphabet of  DIVINE language like Sanskrit, which originated
from the DNA, it will form the written letter on cymatics. Computer science
experts who are working on conscious computers and N-GRAM NLP be guided by this
advise. The human DNA with its mobius coil, double helix is the ultimate
computer




The Sri yantra is holographic, in that every bit of it contains all of it.





OM is the sound of Cosmic Energy and contains all the sounds in itself. As per
the Vedas written in Sanskrit in 5000 BC, OM is the sound of light.  The
primordal vibrations of all quantum matter , is thus represented by OM.

OM opens up quantum tunneling, where the wormholes do NOT have a restriction of
speed of light.

The Sri Yantra represents the 11th dimension, much more lucidly that the foggy
E8 theory.

The great pyramids of Egypt was built by architects from my home state of
Kerala, who understood the golden ratio.

The pictures of the chief architects are present in the British musuem as well
as several European museums.



The men sports the Vishnu ( Preserver God  ) U symbol on forehead and arms.

These people knew Vaastu, and would only build on an exact NESW co-ordinate. In
those days, nobody else knew how to do this. Warrior saint Parashurama had
installed 108 Dhanwantari idols ( avatar of Vishnu and god of Ayurveda  ) after
he left the banks of the river Saraswati in 4000 BC, when the river dried up.
There is one near Guruvayur temple in Kerala.

Aryabhatta from my home state, who gave Mathematics to the world was born in
2700 BC, not 500 AD as per Vatican agent Max Mueller. ( you can see his mind
boggling achievements in Google )

The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the
6000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship
between pi and phi . The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the
Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square- root 5)/2 (its
value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the
Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt

All triple intersections meet at the same point. The vertices of the largest
triangles fall on the circumference of the enclosing circle. Except for the two
biggest triangles, all apexes touch the base of another triangle. The central
triangle facing downwards must be equilateral and holds the Bindu of the
holistic pyramid . The Bindu is also the centre of the circle .

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva
and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

108 is the numerical equivalent of OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and
space and represents perfect totality. All mantras are repeated 108 times. All
prayer beads count up to 108. 12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108. Sun's
diameter is 108 times that of the earth. The distance between the Earth and Sun
is 108 times the diameter of the Sun



BINDU or the centre DOT of the Sri Yantra, is consciousness ( GOD ) , or the
quantum double slit experiment.

These are the 11 Dimensions. 0. No Dimension (Bindu- Nothing) 1. a Line (Length)
2. a split (Height) 3. a Fold (Breadth) 4. a line ( Time) 5. a split (Choosing a
timeline) 6. a fold ( Jumping from one timeline to another eg. time travel 7. a
point ( A point of all possible timelines and hence INFINITY) (INFINITY) 8. a
line ( Different infinities different from our own big bang. Different universe
with its own infinities and dimensions eg. a 2D character cannot live in its own
universe without having a clue what 3D is)) Hence Joining this line from One
Universe of infinities from the 7 dimension and joining it to another universe
which would for the 8th Dimension 9. a fold (Travelling from one universe of
different dimensions to another eg. a 2D character travelling to a 3D world)) It
would disappear and be taken to a totally different universe that it could have
never imagined)) 10. a Point ((Taking all the possible infinities of all
possible dimensions and all possible infinite universes and bringing it to a
point.. This is where we start over again and cannot think of anything more than
that)) 11. Bindu or God So if we started off with a point which is nothing and
ended off with a point which is everything then

ALL =  NOTHING On Aug 10th 1990, the Crop circle of the PERFECT Sri Yantra 13.3
miles long lines ( 10 inches wide and 3 inches deep ) , was etched on a wet
Mickey basin lake bed, at Alvord desert, overnight and was photographed by a
Oregon US airforce pilot.



It’s location in the desert of eastern Oregon is now a “sacred place” for UFO
watchers worldwide who still make the journey to the Mikey Basin to be near the
site where Sri Yantra was first discovered. Sri Yantra is the mystical 3D
holographic construct of the Cosmos by SIX VIRTUAL SPIRALLING VORTEX CONES, 3
pointing upwards and 3 pointing downwards, as ying-yang balance. To understand
why all this exists would be to know the mind of God. A superior intelligent
being resides with our DNA holding the highest state of intellectual
consciousness and awareness

Sri Yantra’s 3 dimensional geometrical pattern contains the elusive Theory Of
Everthing ( TOE ) which interlinks gravity and antigravity to the other
fundamental forces of nature. This cosmic consciousness pranic diagram contains
the 11 dimensions, the ultimate periodical table of elements and E8 root
structure which is inclusive of the double helix DNA , quarks, anti-quarks,
leptons, neutrinos, excitons, plasmons , solitons ,mesons, hadrons, gluons,
W-bosons, nuclear forces , scalar waves , akashic torsion field records , dark
energy, time, space etc.



The golden ratio is lifted by an Italian Fibonacci , from the mystic Vaastu
geometry of Sri Yantra of Indian Vedic times 10,000 years ago.

The Sri Yantra is the basis of the great Egyptian pyramids.

The Golden Ratio is a universal law in which is contained the ground-principle
of all formative striving for beauty and completeness in the realms of nature
art, structures, forms and proportions, whether cosmic or individual, organic or
inorganic, acoustic or optical—and of course in the perfect human form.

Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic
Mathematics, from the Arabs. He took this knowledge to Italy.

Fibonacci series was lifted from the written work of the great Indian
mathematician Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru.  Later
Indian mathematician Virahanka's work was translated into Arabic in 600 AD.

Fibonacci series or sequence : 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233,
377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, ... (each number is the sum of the previous
two). The ratio of successive pairs is so- called golden section - 1.618033989 .
. . . .

Fibonacci was the first to introduce the Hindu-Arabic number system into Europe-
the system we now use today- based on ten digits with its decimal point and a
symbol for zero: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. and 0

A golden rectangle is a rectangle whose side lengths are in the golden ratio, 1:
1.618. whose reciprocal is 0.618033989 . . . . . so that we have 1/G = 1 + G.



The distance from the lower corners of the 2x1 rectangle to the top and bottom
vertices of the Sri Yantra is PHI = (1/2)(diagonal of rectangle + 1) =
(1/2)(sqrt(5) + 1).   Since PHI^2 = PHI + 1, the radius of the circle is
sqrt(PHI^2 - 1^2) = sqrt ((PHI + 1) - 1) = sqrt(PHI).  Let D be the distance
between the base lines of the two largest triangles. Then the highest and lowest
base lines are at distance D above and below the base lines of the two largest
triangles.   Everthing else is constructed symmetrically from those basic
elements.




51 deg 49 min 38.25 sec are the angle measurements for both the

Egyptian  pyramids and Sri Yantra pyramid.




This can NEVER EVER be a coincidence, as Sri Yantra is too complicated a
geometry.

Check out the video below about Vimanas 7000 BC--flying saucers.

 





Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the
Indian Sri Yantra based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 8000 BC --see
video below.
********************************************************************************
DALTON'S ATOMIC THEORY , SAGE KASHYAPA AND TESLA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL ACHARYA
KANADA ( THE RICE GRAIN SAGE )





In 6500 BC on the banks of the river Saraswati the great Aryan Indian Sage
Kashyapa, propounded the planets first atomic theory.





He said , that if you take a piece of silver, and keep dividing it, a stage will
reach when it cannot be divided anymore. He called this indivisible and
indestructible piece the ANU ( atom ). All atoms of an identical element are the
same. All atoms of different elements like silver, copper, iron, silicon ,
carbon etc are different and will weight different and look different.


He said there are 108 such Anus , which is a divine number . All Hindu holy
numbers are based on 108. The Hindu rosary has 108 beads. 108 is also the number
of God. The Sri Yantra , which forms in Cymatics when OM is uttered, has 54
intersections which in Yin Yang makes 108. As are the 54 letters of divine
language Sanskrit.

THE VEDIC ATOM THEORY HAS BINDU AT THE CENTRE-- HERE THERE IS STILLNESS, LIKE IN
THE EYE OF A HURRICANE.

India's first atomic reactor was built in ANU shakti Nagar of Trombay.


Sage Kashyapa said if two or more Anu are combined together they make a DWINUKA
( molecule ). And MAHAanu is when you split an atom.


Dimitri Mendeleyeev had expressed his tanks to Panini, the great Sanskrit
grammarian. He started naming the later elements in Sanskrit, which miffed the
Vatican, and thus this great man  was denied a Nobel prize.


Sage Kashyapa ( Acharya Kanada ) said, that it is NOT the atom which holds the
power, but the space in between the parts of the atom, called Akasha. The
electrons are in perpetual motion and do NOT fall into the nucleus due to free
energy from Akasha.

This space also called ZPF hold indefinite energy and this energy can be
harnessed--which is what Tesla did.


The BRAHMA ASTRA was a destructive scalar howitzer. It was Swami Vivekananda who
introduced Nikola Tesla to Akasha or Ether.  Tesla experimented a primitive
Brahma Astra at Tunguska in Siberia, after his meeting with Vivekananda.


The lesser Astras ( missiles ) were Thorium based Nuclear. Examples: Agneyastra,
Garudastra, Narayanastra, Pashupatastra, Vaishnavastra, Varunastra , Vayuvastra
etc-- Prince Arjuna and Prince Rama of Ramayana / Mahabharata wars went to
Kerala to make weapons ( Thorium, which hold 150 times more power than Uranium
is found in the Monazite sands of Kerala --No 1 spot of the planet )




The first world war was fought with formula F=MA. ( basically projectiles like
canons ) --  force = mass X acceleration

The 2nd world war ended with a nuclear bang using the formula E=MC2 . ( power
from within the nucleus )

The 3rd world war will start and end the same day with scalar howitzers using
the formula  E =  t MC2.  ( WHERE DELTA t IS CHANGE IN TIME ) using power from
the empty space outside the nucleus , and speed faster than light -- and it's
gonna be TOTAL annihilation.


The truth that energy and matter are convertible, came from Vedic science at
around 9000 BC. It was usual stuff for a Yogi to convert matter to ash, or ash
out of energy , by using the principle of resonance. This is what Sathya Sai
Baba is doing at Puttuparti, and all of you have seen it on TV in slow motion.
All cry it is a hoax-- and it may be a magician's hoax.  But a sage with 12
strand DNA can do it by resonating his DNA with his pineal gland.


In both the Ramayana and Mahabharata, the great wars in 4000 BC , the Brahma
Astra is mentioned.


In Mahabharata Lakshman, the younger brother of Rama , wanted to use it against
Meghnad, when he was cornered. Lord Rama stopped him by stating that such
excessive force which will cause great and long term destruction to the
environment is unwarranted and unjustified.


Our Puranas give a detailed explanation of the Brahma Astra. It guarantees total
annihilation , with NIL defence possible. It cannot miss.


The user must have great mental powers or consciousness to resonate the trigger,
to coax the scalar energy from the 4 dimensional to 3 dimensional realm. This
requires a king sized Pineal gland and NIL junk DNA in your body.  Imagine a
detonator which can be triggered only the human mind -- a scalar longitudinal
wave of a sound Mantra ( instead of a computer password code! )

Our Puranas state the number of future eons the women will become infertile, men
become sterile and land remains barren, after the Brahma Astra is used..


Serbian Nikola Tesla was an Indigo child with NIL junk DNA in his body. The day
he was to be born, there was a mysterious sonic boom and a great storm.


The ancient Indian Mararishis were masters of Soliton waves and using resonance.
Tesla wanted to resonate the natural nodes of this planet. Vivekananda told
Tesla to prove all this Mathematically on paper. The ancient vedic Maharshis did
complex equations inside their heads. They did spherical Trignometry for
Astrology inside their heads. If you want to know the speed of Vedic Mathematics
punch in "Shakuntala Devi" or "Srinivasa Ramanujam"  in Google search. These two
bothered to impress the white man by travelling abroad. Others never cared.


John Dalton around 1800 AD was very much interested in Indian Vedic philosophy.
He lifted his atomic theory whole sale . Ancient Indians never patented
anything, knowledge was free- like air or water. Dalton himself used words like
ANU and AKASHA.


Dalton understood Anu, but only super-genius Tesla could understand Akasha.


Tesla died with the Brahma Astra ( Scalar Interferometer ) knowledge in his head
, as he did NOT want to give this destructive Vedic technology to the US
military and Vatican, as promised to Vivekananda. It was to help mankind, NOT to
destroy or enslave.



So they denied this Eastern Orthodox church member , a Nobel prize for lighting
up the world with AC electricity, and deleted him from history.  Roman Catholic
Edison was called the father of electricity by Vatican and his name was inserted
in all text books.  Marconi  who stole Tesla's work, was given the Nobel prize
for telegraphy.


Digression:  Kanada is called the rice saint. Kanad means rice.  Legend states
that he was found collecting discarded grains of rice from a busy street by his
Guru.  It showed his interests in small things at a early age.  So Kashyapa's
nick name became Kanada.


Bible considers that the cosmos is a few thousand years old. And Vatican has
been pressurising all and sundry to disprove Vedic Hindu literature that stated
in 5000 BC in writing, that the cosmos is 15 billion years old and that the mind
and consciousness has to be factored in.  Well the advent of quantum physics has
proved Bible and Max Mueller wrong.



"... then yonder sun strings these worlds to himself on a thread. Now that
"... thread is the same as the [solar] wind; and that wind is the same as this
"... Vikarnî: thus when he lays down the latter, then yonder sun strings to
"... himself these worlds on a thread." -- Yajnavalkya, gymnosophist, Satapatha
"... Brahmana, 4th millenium B.C.



“When Vedic ideas are proved correct, it is just dreaming , come right.    When
“Western work ( lifted from ancient Vedanta ) are proved right, it is scientific
“knowledge ” --  Nikola Tesla .


"The bottom line about the information possessed by non-Western peoples is that
the information becomes valid only when offered by a white scholar recognized by
the academic establishment; in effect, the color of the skin guarantees
scientific objectivity." -- Vine Deloria Jr., historian, 1997
********************************************************************************
SCHRODINGER, THE FATHER OF QUANTUM PHYSICS AND VEDANTA--- - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



This will be the first time Capt Vadakayil ( a proud Hindu ) will be quoting
what the white man told about his own ancient culture and religion.
 



In the past century, two giants among men , drank deeply from the wisdom of
Indian Vedas and Upanishads ( Vedanta ) and changed classical science for ever.



One was Nikola Tesla , a super genius Serbian and the other was Erwin
Schrodinger an Austian Irish physist who won the Nobel prize. Both of them were
more intelligent that Albert Einstein. Both knew by instinct,  that the ancient
Indian seers with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands, did not need to
write down Mathematical equations. They figured it all in their great minds. (
Enter the name "Shakuntala Devi" --  in Google search, who went to the West and
demonstrated the speed of 9000 year old Vedic mathematics-- only then you will
believe  )

Both wanted some “Some blood transfusion from the East to the West” to save
Western science from spiritual anemia.”

Nikola Tesla was introduced to Vedanta by Swami Vivekanda , the great Indian
mystic. Tesla invented AC electricity and lit up the world. He understood the
great power of Zero Point Field or Akasha or Ether--the power of space between
the electrons and the nucleus. Vivekanda's effect on Tesla was so great that he
became vegetarian, became celibate and started using Sanskrit words. He died
with his scalar energy science in his head, because he did NOT want the US
military to use it to destroy the planet. No wonder he was denied the Nobel
prize, the AC electrified world can be seen from the moon.

Erwin Schrodinger, became a Hindu in real life. He would read the Bhagawat Gita
kept by his bedside daily before he went to sleep. Schrodinger read the Vedas
and the Upanishad translations.  He would quote in wholesome Sanskrit, from
Vedanta. Whatever he lifted from Vedanta, and Sankya philosophy-- he did it
openly.


( unlike thief Newton --whose entire work in Physics and Calculus was stolen
( wholesale  from Vedanta and Kerala book of Calculus.).


Erwin Schrodinger is called the FATHER OF QUANTUM PHYSICS . Whatever he
expounded in mathematics was all part of Upanishads written in 5500 BC.



Today my younger son ( 16 years old ) was trying to show our pet kitten , its
image in the huge mirror of our drawing room. The cat would just ignore, the
reflection.



At that time I gave my son some idea of the quantum mirror effect, clearly
explained in our Vedanta.



Elephants are conscious of their own reflections ,and hence their exalted
position in our Hindu temples, as a superior and evolved spiritual animal.



Human babies below 2 years and the whole lot of mammals fail the mirror test.
The mirror test is one of the cognity capacity test items of passing a wholesome
consciousness test.  People who have read my  QUANTUM DOUBLE SLIT EXPERIMENT
VIDEO blog post of --   21st Jan 2011, and got shell shocked by it, will know
the status of the conscious observer in the experiment.

There are many who try to push some more animals into the passed grade by
partial success.



Some of these partially passed animals are Bonobos ( who have sex for pleasure )
chimps, orangutans and dolphins-- there MUST be a time delay factor in the
stimulus, reaction shown by the mammal--it must NOT be knee jerk.



The whole of the West ridiculed the power of Consciousness of Hindu Vedanta, as
Coolie verses and mumbo jumbo--about human intention and coconut breaking in
rituals. It was Schrodinger and his fellow scientist W Heisenberg who first
said" Quantum theory will NOT look ridiculous to people who have read Indian
Vedanta.

Ridiculous it indeed was to all classical Newton follower and all established
science. It meant that all of science has to be rewritten , with the human
conscious mind factored in.

I must briefly explain QUANTUM PHYSICS . The layman can understand this in the
following prose-- (Those who read this must first view the DOUBLE SLIT
EXPERIMENT VIDEO-- dtd 21st Jan 2011, or he will still not understand it.)


       
Here we go--

As per quantum physics things do not exist in its physical form, unless they are
observed by a conscious observer.

In every experiment when an observer expected energy to behave as a particle, it
did so. When he thought it would probably be wave-like, it was. And when
observers believed it might start out as one form and end up as another, it did
so.

This means ,nothing actually exists in its physical form until observed by
someone, was adopted by the group as one of the concepts.  You created them by
your expectations and your thoughts of what should be. In every situation in
your life, including the wealth or lack of it you choose to attract to you.

Thanks to the theory of ERP Quantum Entanglement, originally asserted by Albert
Einstein and two fellow scientists , Boris Podolsky and Nathan Rosen, we now
have proof that what Vedanta had been saying for 9000 years is true.We are all
connected. We are all One, sharing a consciousness with the entire universe,
perhaps even many universes.

Quantum Entanglement occurs when two particles are created from a single source
and then split in two in a laboratory setting. Once split, these two photons
will be exact opposites of each other. They will be perfect mirror images of
each other and once created, they will ALWAYS mirror one another. If these
photons are allowed to separate and only one is exposed to a magnetic field to
increase its spin, the spin of the other particle also changes (all be it in the
direct opposite direction). The other particle INSTANTLY acquires the opposite
quantum state of the particle exposed to the magnetic field.

Basically what Quantum Entanglement tells us is that particles of energy
communicate with one another. And it doesn't matter if the two particles are ten
feet, ten miles or ten thousand miles away. They instantly communicate with one
another.

This not only indicates that energy is thinking stuff, it tells us each particle
also knows what energy particles elsewhere are doing. That means all energy,
everywhere, is connected. And since we are made of energy, as is everything
else, that means we are connected, too.

Not only are we all connected, , we now know we are always right.

No matter what we think our circumstances are, our assumption is correct because
energy is going to make us right by picking up on those thoughts we hold on to
for dear life and playing them right back at us as our reality. . If you think
life is a struggle, then life will be a struggle. If you think you must live a
life of limitation, pulling yourself along a track of fate from payslip to
payslip, then that track of fate is where you'll stay.



No matter what our past thoughts may have created, the moment we begin thinking
thoughts of wealth, health, prosperity and abundance, those little bundles of
energy will pick up on that new signal and scramble to become physical matter
mimicking our thoughts.
   
Don't forget that EVERYTHING is made up of these amazing energy bundles that not
only think, but respond to our thoughts, as well. It isn't just quantum physics
that tells us that, either. Vedic sages have been saying it for 10000 years. Now
we have proof.
         
Every form and process you see in nature is the visible expression of a thought
in Original Substance.. We live in a thought world, which is part of a thought
universe.

You are an energy sculptor, an artist, a creator.



You literally and specifically create your world by the power of your thinking.
And once you create something with your thoughts, your attention to it keeps it
there. Is that not incredible?
  


You are the creator and, along with God, the co-creator of your world and of
everything surrounding you. You are the cause that produces the effect. The
thoughts you think repeatedly, the emotions you feel and hold onto and will not
let go of; these thoughts and feelings are constantly creating your world, day
in and day out, minute by minute, second by second.

You do become what you think about. Because your thoughts, feelings and emotions
created it, you're responsible for it. Not your parents, or your spouse, or your
children, or your job, or your economy, or your locale. Not anything at all
except you. Just you! And what you don't like, YOU can change by doing nothing
more than changing your mind. It really is that simple.

No matter how it might look, no matter how it might feel: It is not solid, it is
not real. It is energy, pure cosmic energy, manifested into matter by the
continued focus of your thinking--by your consciousness. It is countless little
particles of energy conforming to your thoughts because that is what energy
does. It becomes what you think about most.
 



 

Check out the video above about Vimanas 7000 BC-- flying saucers.  Schrodinger
wrote in his book Meine Weltansicht: “This life of yours which you are living is
not merely a piece of this entire existence, but in a certain sense the whole;
only this whole is not so constituted that it can be surveyed in one single
glance. This, as we know, is what the Brahmins express in that sacred, mystic
formula which is yet really so simple and so clear; tat tvam asi, this is you.
Or, again, in such words as “I am in the east and the west, I am above and
below, I am this entire world.” [This is a reference to the Mundaka Upanishad
mantra:


ब्रह्मैवेदममृतं पुरस्तात् ब्रह्म पश्चात् ब्रह्म उत्तरतो दक्षिणतश्चोत्तरेण ।
अधश्चोर्ध्वं च प्रसृतं ब्रह्मैवेदं विश्वमिदं वरिष्ठम् ॥ 2.2.11


Schrodinger  speaking of a universe based on super-imposed inseparable waves of
probability amplitudes -- “The unity and continuity of Vedanta are reflected in
the unity and continuity of wave mechanics.  This is entirely consistent with
the Vedanta concept of All in One.” Schrodinger's biographer Moore,  wrote --
“His system – or that of the Upanishads – is delightful and consistent: the self
and the world are one and they are all. He rejected traditional western
religious beliefs (Jewish, Christian, and Islamic) not on the basis of any
reasoned argument, nor even with an expression of emotional antipathy, for he
loved to use religious expressions and metaphors, but simply by saying that they
are naïve--and will NOT understand Quantum theory and consciousness. In a famous
essay on determinism and free will, he expressed very clearly the sense that
consciousness is a unity, arguing that this   “insight is not new…From the early
great Upanishads the recognition Atman = Brahman (the personal self equals the
omnipresent, all-comprehending eternal self) was in Indian thought considered,
far from being blasphemous, to represent, the quintessence of deepest insight
into the happenings of the world. The striving of all the scholars of Vedanta
was, after havinglearnt to pronounce with their lips, really to assimilate in
their minds this grandest of all thoughts.” Schrodinger wrote:  “Vedanta teaches
that consciousness is singular, all happenings are played out in one universal
consciousness and there is no multiplicity of selves.”“the stages of human
development are to strive for Possession (Artha), Knowledge (Dharma), Ability
(Kama), Being (Moksha)” “Nirvana is a state of pure blissful knowledge.. It has
nothing to do with individual. The ego or its separation is an illusion. The
goal of man is to preserve his Karma and to develop it further – when man dies
his karma lives and creates for itself another carrier.” “In all world,” writes
Schroedinger in his book My View of the World (chapter iv),  “there is no kind
of framework within which we can find consciousness in the plural; this is
simply something we construct because of the temporal plurality of individuals,
but it is a false construction….The only solution to this conflict in so far as
any is available to us at all lies in the ancient wisdom of the Upanishad.”
(source: My View of the World – By Erwin Schroedinger chapter iv). Schroedinger
explicitly affirmed his conviction that Vedantic jnana represented the  only
true view of reality- a view for which he was prepared even to offer Empirical
proof.   (source: A Short Introduction to Hinduism – By Klaus K. Klostermaier p.
168). Regarding mystical insights, Schrodinger tells us: “The multiplicity is
only apparent. This is the doctrine of the Upanishads. And not of the Upanishads
only. The mystical experience of the union with God regularly leads to this
view, unless strong prejudices stand in the West.”  (source: The Eye of Shiva:
Eastern Mysticism and Science – By Amaury de Riencourt  p.78). In autumn of 1925
Schrodinger wrote an interestingly personal account of his philosophy of life
(Mein Welten sicht – My World View).  He completed this only in 1960 and in
chapter 5 of this book he gives the basic view of Vedanta. He writes-“Vedanta
teaches that consciousness is singular, all happenings are played out in one
universal consciousness and there is no multiplicity of selves.

     
Maya is the material cause of this world. In all the apparently individual form
of existence the individual Brahman is present. Schrodinger did not believe that
it will be possible to demonstrate the unity of consciousness by logical
arguments. One must make imaginative leap guided by communion with nature and
the persuasion of  analogies.  While scientists like Schrodinger did not possess
a direct knowledge of Sanskrit to discern first hand both the letter and spirit
of Upanishads, there are persons like Robert Oppenheimer who were not lacking in
such an advantage. The fact is that irrespective of east or west, the great
minds everywhere have perceived that the ultimate reality remains timeless and
changeless. Nobel Prize Laureates Nils Bohr and Erwin Schroedinger, the founders
of quantum physics, were both convinced that quantum processes are the interface
between consciousness and matter.



The Upanishads were collectively considered amongst the 100 most influential
books ever written by eminent people like Thoreau, Kant, Schopenhauer,
Schrodinger, Werner Heisenberg , Tesla, Einstein etc.



"... those terrifiers of the world stood like two planets both deviating from
their orbits." -- Sanjaya, giving teleported , blow by blow account of
Mahabharata war to blind king Dritarashtra -- Mahabharata, Book 8 (Karna Parva),
Chapter 17, 4000 B.C.
********************************************************************************
FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL FATHER OF SURGERY
-- ACHARYA SUSHRUTA FATHER OF MEDICINE -- ACHARYA CHARAKA



Wheeler Wilcox: “India – The land of Vedas, the remarkable works contain not
only religious ideas for a perfect life, but also facts which science has proved
true. Electricity, radium, electronics, airship, all were known to the seers who
founded the Vedas.

Sir W. Hunter, British Surgeon: “The surgery of the ancient Indian physicians
was bold and skilful. A special branch of surgery was dedicated to rhinoplasty
or operations for improving deformed ears, noses and forming new ones, which
European surgeons have now borrowed.”



Today the white man has printed all over the place that a Greeko Hippocratus is
the father of Medicine and another Greeko Hirophilus is the father of surgery--
both operating in 400 BC.

 WellnomatterwhatVaticantriesorMaxMuellerorMacaulaytries--truthcanneverbeburied.
 ItistheInternetagenow.Theageofpeerreviewedmedicalmagazinesisdead.Therewerenever
 everwitchdoctorsorshamansinIndialiketherestoftheplanet.

The reason why Emperor Vikramaditya ruled in great harmony from Jerusalem to
Urals to Vietnam in 7000 BC , is because he GAVE  Medicine and Surgery. Even
those days people had the commonsense to know that without health you are
nobody. And India had those medicines in unlimited quantity-- sustained by soil
and climate.

Only India had the thousands of amazing herbs, botanical plants and colloidal
minerals , by which the science of medicine works. The whole world knows this.
There were no such plants or minerals in Egypt or Greece or elsewhere.

Even today 6000 years later, the science of Ayurveda is the same, with hardly
any revisions . All the west knows about Ayurveda is what a pseudo Indian Deepak
Chopra tell them on TV in fancy English.

As early as 3800 BC, the Egyptian Pharoahs send word to the Dhanwantari
hospitals in Kerala, when he wanted some medicinal herb or a physician with
medicinal leeches sent urgently. The Pharoah used his marathon carrier pigeons
with stopovers at Socotra and Laccadives. Some of the herbs were transplanted
from Kerala at Socotra, and they are still there.

Both Sushruta and Charaka wrote their medical treatises in 4200 BC on the banks
of the river Saraswati. Both understood the fractal nature of the human body (
blood vessels / pulmonary vessels )  having FRACTAL minds.

In 4100 BC warrior sage Parashurama came to Kerala and annointed 108 idols of
Ayurveda god Dhanwantari on the way.  The Dhanwantari temple near Guruvayur ,
where all Kerala Arurvedic college doctors go after receiving their degree is to
worship this 6000 year old idol. Dhanwantari is an avatar of Vishnu and the
father of Ayurveda.


Sushruta was the son of Maharshi Vishwamitra. He wrote the SUSHRUTA SAMAHITA ,
which is the world's first book on the practise of Shalya ( Surgery ) in
Sanskrit.

 

The English translation itself runs into 1800 pages. The original Sanskrit text
contains 184 chapters.


It deals with every facet of surgery including from Caesarian surgery,
amputations, brain surgery, cataract surgery, piles, hernia, fibroids, fracture,
artificial limbs, urinary stones  --right up to plastic surgery and grafting.
His books deals with first aid, anti-toxins and child care too.

The English translation itself runs into 1800 pages. The original Sanskrit text
contains 184 chapters.




The present world may find this difficult to believe, but his surgical
instrument diagrams are available in these books.









Vedic Indians never felt the need to patent knowledge, like greedy Yank
pretender Edison . Edison had more patents for the mangy phonograph than the
total number of fixed or movable parts it contained, out of which 6 are for the
wooden cabinet!

How pathetic!

Knowledge to ancient Indians was like a song, which did NOT have to be recorded
and patented for financial gain.  It was for the audience to enjoy.

The drugs used by Sushruta were both of plant and animal origin. Animal origin
means vaccination which Edward Jenner re-invented later in 1800 AD--or 5800
years later.

For a microscope they used a water drop as a spherical lens – to project all
bacteria inside using a coherent narrow light beam beam as a HUGE shadows show
on a screen behind.

Genetic defects and aberrations DNA blueprint, and its quantum healing using
carrier sound mantras were known .




Sushruta made it compulsory for his surgeons in his school to have licences. It
was compulsory to experiment on real human cadavers. He allowed lower caste
Hindus into his school ( unlike Charaka )-- so that the higher castes who were
squeamish to handle dead bodies could be exempted. Suturing would be done with
compatible animal organic threads, which did NOT require removal. .

Even today , 6000 years later , the Ayurveda stalwarts in Kerala Dhanwantari
colleges are NOT from Brahmins or higher castes.  Sushruta used alcohol and
opium for anesthesia.



Sustruta's surgery texts and leech therapy were known to the Arabs, who traded
with Kerala . Arabs did not steal the work. It was given to them free. The
Europeans ( Greeks and Italians )stole the knowledge from the Arabs,and patented
it for themselves in Latin. Knowledge thief and Free Mason Edward Jenner stole
the vedic vaccination idea and patented it in his name.

Caesarian deliveries were done 4000 years before it happened in Rome.  Natural
delivery was preferred as it reduces allergy problems for the baby even as an
adult.


Sustruta did his surgical operations 6200 years ago  and NOT 2600 years ago, as
Max Mueller and Vatican wanted it to be, to belittle the Vedic  civilization.

See the video below.


 



The Sushruta Samhita and Charaka Samhita are in Sanskrit.

Likethe Charaka Samhita, the Sushruta Samhita made revisions and alterations to
an earlier text on which it is based, in this case, the writings of Dhanwantari

Sustruta Samhita is very long, running over 1,700 pages in English translation.

The text is divided into six sections and 184 chapters. Sushruta describes the
need for and way to conduct dissections on human cadavers to gain knowledge of
anatomy

Sushruta details about 650 drugs of animal, plant, and mineral origin. In
addition, it describes more than 300 kinds of operations that call for 42
different surgical processes and 121 different types of instruments. Sushruta's
coverage of toxicology (the study of poisons and allergan ) is more extensive
than that in

Charaka, and goes into great detail regarding symptoms, first-aid measures, and
long-term treatment, as well as classification of poisons and methods of
poisoning.

Operations are described for amputations, hemorrhoids, hernia repair, eye
surgery, and Cesarean section. An operation using skin flaps, for example, to
repair a nose, was also described in Sushruta.

The drugs described in Sushruta include 395 plant substances, 57 substances of
animal origin, and 64 mineral substances, metals, and so on.

Many of the complicated procedures for dissolving, macerating, extracting, and
combusting a variety of solid, squashy, and liquid substances remain part of
modern Ayurvedic pharmacological practice.

Ancient Indian Siddhar/ Ayurvedic dentistry used edible mercury amalgam with
silver, tin and copper .

Ancient surgeon Susruta has described five types of Bhagandara (Sataponak,
Ustragriwa, Parisrabi, Sambukawarta, Unmargi) depending on the type of fistula .
Modern medicine has lifted and is just following these ancient documented
procedures.

Charaka was the author of the Charaka Samhita, which contained 120 chapters in
Sanskrit.



It deals extensively with diagnosis, as any idiot could do a cure once
diagnosed.



He dealt with almost all present day illnesses. He knew the anatomy of the human
body from the expertise of Sustruta. Charaka did not deal with cadavers and
animal based medicines. He was purely onto Plants and herbs--thousands of them .
He had terrific quantum botanical medicines and broad and narrow spectrum
antibiotics.

The first use of Nanotechnology in the form of colloidal silver ions for anti-
bacterial, anti- fungal and disinfectant was introduced by Charaka. The Indian
sweets have been covered with thin beaten silver veneers since the past 6000
years.

Colloidal silver, an anti-oxidant , has an electrical NEGATIVE ionic charge (
anion ) to neutralise free radicals by donating one of its own eletcrons, to
terminate the domino electron stealing action .

Free radical damage within cells has been linked to a range of modern disorders
including cancer, arthritis, atherosclerosis, alzheimer's disease, and cell
suicide, or apoptosis. Nano particles of silver loaded with bee venom was used
in Ayurveda to kill viruses.

Betel nut has the capability to reduce copper and silver  ions to nano
particles.  Nanocopper particles are non-toxic.  It is an algaecide, fungicide,
anti-microbial and antiseptic . It helps form red blood cells and boosts the
immune system


 

Charaka believed in prevention and gave great importance to diet, hydration of
body with low surface tension water/ veg juices , yoga and sleep .. Enemas were
used to eliminate Vata and Kapha from the intestine.

Activated charcoal made out of Kerala coconut shells was used to filter and
absorb/ adsorb poisons. India learnt from its wildlife.

Animals ate bentonite clay  when sick. Pregnant women had bentonite clay slurry
to prevent morning nausea.  Queens used Bentonite clay with turmeric as a facial
pack and mixed with aDsorbing activated charcoal kept teeth and gums in pristine
condition.. A dip in such an electrically charged lake was equivalent to taking
a bath in Ganges river ( keep e coli etc out) .  Fathers would wring a drop of
water into the mouths of new born babies from their kudumis ( hair tufts ) .

Colacasia , Fenugreek seeds and Circumin were used to prevent PMS syndrome in
women. Hing or Asafoetida was used as anti-viral. Arjuna tree bark ( Terminalia
arjuna ) was used as heart tonic .

Charaka was the first to introduce Reverse Osmosis via human skin porous
membrane , by hot bath soaks to de-toxify cells, lymph drainage and enzyme
regulation , using Himalayan rock salts (Kaala Namak ) and herbs.  This rock
salt high in Magnesium Sulphate and citrus juice was used to check bleeding
piles.

Today, these two great Vedic Maharshis cum seers , are hardly known by the
ordinary Indian. The White west are happy in their contention that in 400 BC,
the Greeks discovered Medicine and Surgery.

Cannabis / marijuana was used for a variety of medical purposes.--for epileptic
seizures, nausea, pain, asthma attacks, after a stroke , to lower BP,  dementia,
arthritis, PMS cramps , to prevent tumors etc. Cannabis leaves were used in
reverse osmosis hot steam baths for cramps and convulsions.

Detailed knowledge of anatomy, physiology, aetiology, embryology, digestion,
metabolism, bl0od circulation, genetics and immunity is also found in many
Ayurvedic texts.  Cow's urine was used to treat various ailments.

Even today , after 6000 years , there is NO better medicine than Kizhar Nelli
herb for Jaundice and Papaya leaf juice for improving the blood platelet count
for diseases like Dengue.

Ayurveda uncovers and cures the root cause of illness, it is safe, gentle and
inexpensive, it sees 6 stages of disease development (where modern medicine only
sees the last two stages), it treats people in a personalized manner according
to their dosha or constitution and not in any generic manner.


6200 years ago Ayurveda prescribed fresh Karela juice (90%  bitter gourd ) mixed
with fresh Amla juice ( 10% gooseberry ) to cure Madhumeha or "honey urine"— (
diabetes two –Prameham ).

Oats for breakfast was a way to keep body healthy and free from diabetes , heart
disease and cancer .  Ayurveda did mostly prevention rather than cure.

Furthermore, Ayurveda being the science of 'life'. It recognizes that there was
a mind/body/soul relationship and that the root cause of all diseases and the
best medicine for all conditions is spiritual and ethical life.


In the days of Charaka , Leprosy was unknown to India.  However Indian
Maharishis travelled to Egypt to cure members of the royal family of KUSHT  or
leprosy by using Cahulmoogra oil from the Hydnocarpus wightiana tree  in the
Achariaceae family.  The oil from its seeds has been widely used in Indian
medicine.

Admiral Zheng He took this oil to China . This wonder oil was introduced to the
Western world by British physician Frederic John Mouat in 1854.

Nothing was too big in the ancient ancient times.

In Kerala 6000 year old Ayurveda used Cannabis extract to treat juvenile
epilepsy .

Can you believe this.  6000 years ago, Ayurveda prescribes magnesium rich foods
and drinks ( like 9% magnesium tender coconut water and probiotic curd ) for
excessive night urination, vertigo, de- stressing, back cramps, muscle spasms,
migraine, depression, fatigue,  hypertension, diabetes , prevention of kidney
stones and even combating morbid obesity.

Yogis did NOT advocate cow’s milk unless the magnesium quantity was built up by
boiling with magnesium rich spices like cinnamon.

Hypnosis and Past life regression are all lifted from the Vedas and Upanishads.
It was Madame Blavatsky who first studied Past life Regression methods and gave
it to the West. . Both Charaka and Sushruta derived from Vedic wisdom of the
Vedas written in 5000 BC.  It speaks about chakras . DNA is referred to a Tvatsa
in the Rig Veda--the blue print of double helix coiled serpents ,which gives
shape to all living creatures and that which cannot be destroyed. The Yin-Yang
cycle model of the universe is referred to a Tamas/ Rajas/ Sattva or Shiva's
trident ( creator/ preserver/ destroyer ).

The wave-particle duality is mentioned in Vedanta. Atharva veda gives the code
for photosynthesis and talks in great detail about the cells. It must be
remembered that Vedas are just a written form . The knowledge existed in the
form of Sanskrit verses, which was handed down verbally from 9000 BC to 5000 BC
by sages with amazing memories, and 12 strand DNA.


 


The Maharshis ( or Rishi among Rishis )  had 13 strand DNA , with the extra
spiritual gene conferred by star dust or cosmic rays, which alter DNA and
consciousness.-- which gave them teleportaion powers via wormholes , telepathy
powers ,transmutation powers, antigravity powers and long life..

On Dec 21st 2012,  it is expected that such cosmic rays will again bathe planet
earth , after a gap of 12000 years. It must be noted that Astrology has survived
in India for 12000 years. My own marriage happened after my parents matched 78
horoscopes of prospective girls, for the perfect match ( this is usual in India
).





Today the Western universities tend to believe that the Indian Vedic
civilization was indeed a worthy one . For all gold medals in their universities
in Science and Maths are swept by Indians-- again and again and again.


 

 

In above video there are 108 marmas , as laid down by Lord Parashurama in 4000
BC, NOT 17 as she says.

And within 60 years of Independence and graduation form a lowborn, useless,
smelly, black skinned coolie--Indians have put their flag on the moon. And
computer programming and brainy codes are like breathing for the Indians.

As per the Bible and Vatican the cosmos and world was created on 23rd Oct 4004,
at exactly 9 AM-- then how can Rig Veda be written in 5000 BC--pray? prithee?

Modern medicine understood lymph drainage system only 80 years ago.  Yoga has
secific asanas , to drain the lymph nodes, as the system does NOT have its own
pump.

Ayurvedic lymph drainage massage is 6000 years old, with dry nav dhanya grain
skin superficial massage , with properly directed strokes towards the heart. The
humming of OM ( AUM ) with emphasis on the MMMM to boost Nitric oxide levels in
the body is still NOT understood by modern science.


Sacred Sesame oil was prescribed to be used for lymph node massages.  Most
Ayurvedic preparations used Sesame oil and ghee of humped cows.  Sesame seeds
were prescribed for preventing a variety of serious human illnesses including
cancers.  Modern science has yet to discover the true super benefits of Sesame
seed.

Yoga poses and by breath control , the ancient Maharishis stimulated their Vagus
nerve and could bring their heart beat to a complete halt.  By stimulating the
Vagus nerves of their patients ( using 108 marma points of Kalari and Ayurveda )
they were able to treat several diseases which included mental diseases ,
migraine and seizures , by release of neurotransmitters.

The fact that right brain lobe controls the left side of the body , the effect
of alternate nostril ( Ida / Pingala ) breathing to control the brain lobes and
nervous system were known to our ancient Ayurveda.

Ayurveda knew that the endogenous rhythm of alternating cerebral dominance is
tightly coupled to the nasal cycle-- that unilateral, forced nostril breathing
does selectively alter the pattern of cortical dominance as exhibited by modern
EEG amplitude activity.

Forced nostril breathing through one side can generate a relative increase in
the EEG activity of the opposite hemisphere.  The effects of the breathing
exercises produced almost immediate changes in the EEG activity.

Today modern science has understood all this.  The nasal mucosa is one of the
most abundant tissues that is innervated by both the sympathetic and
parasympathetic branches of the autonomic nervous system (ANS).

Greater airflow or decongestion in one nostril is regulated by greater
sympathetic activity in the nasal mucosa of that side. Congestion or diminished
airflow is maintained by enhanced parasympathetic dominance.


Enhanced sympathetic dominance in the nasal mucosa would correspond to greater
sympathetic tone in the ipsilateral hemisphere, and therefore, lesser blood flow
and mental activity.

7000 years ago, de-fragmentation of cellular memories were done to do past life
regression and to extract bad habits and debilitating trauma. Vaccinations using
Jalauka or leeches were basically about evoking cell memory to recognize
intruding enemy bacteria. Modern science still has to understand body memory and
energy patterns in cells.

A host of diseases were PREVENTED and CURED by the use of divine fruit
pomegranate , which deities like Lord Ganesha,  Bhudevi ( mother of Sita ),
Kubera etc  held in their multi arms. Modern medicine has NOT yet woken up to
the uses of pomegranate , like Ayurveda.


Keeping the level of Uric acid in perfect balance to prevent Gout ( Vatrakt ) is
an important part of Ayurveda .   This was done by controlling the diet , by
eliminating DNA/ RNA containing foods like meat / fermented foods  and by
fasting ( drinking water is must ) .


Oil pulling ( swishing virgin coconut oil inside mouth ) was used to  whitens
teeth,  fortify gums and remove harmful bacteria.


There are creepers like Amritavalli ( leaves are heart shaped ) that bring down
sugar levels drastically in a few of days—and that too permanently, which means
the pancreas is regenerated..

Your gut health is crucial, and a key way to do this is by getting plenty of
beneficial bacteria. Ayurveda recognized this 6000 years ago.  Ayurveda asked us
to have fermented foods for breakfast- IDLI/ DOSA / VELLAPPAM/ COCONUT CURD
CHUTNEY etc


In ancient Ayurveda when children were about to die of malnutrition they gave
enema with mother’s fecal microbiota ( healthy flora transplant ) and saved the
child overnight.

Ayurveda used probiotic yoghurt and gomutra ( A2 humped cow’s urine ) to control
obesity 6000 years ago--

well what can I say !!.


Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older.
Hence stealing is one one way lane.


Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old
Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose
entire STOLEN FROM INDIA knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example : In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas),
Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm). Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more
most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta
Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda. So his
fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic
(phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most
important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of
water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic
system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is
explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted
from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle,
which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is
called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath
on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was
absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods-
and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was
his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff.

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from
faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body
and its functioning, and therefore impede it.
********************************************************************************
SPEED READING -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Couple of years ago, my stainless steel tanker was chartered by the world's No 1
oil major ( no names ).

The ship used to discharge Gasoline , Jet fuel and Diesel at several ports of an
Island country.

I was due to hand over command, and I felt that 2 of the minor ports ( where I
had discharged twice ) were unsafe for my ship -- so i made a iron clad risk
assessment using my own format and declared the ports as unsafe , as the ship
was too large --an absolute NO GO--NYET !!

As soon as I sent this,  the charterers were forced to act,  and one of these
ports was skipped.

There was immediate hue and cry as the whole area was starved of fuel.  There
were huge write ups in the local newspapers, and I was the bad guy.

At the next port, I was told to go ashore and meet the owner of the Charterer's
agency--an European. As I stepped into his office , I could see from his body
language that he was pretending to read something. I sat on a chair and
patiently waited , sensing the hostility.

Pretty soon, he asked me to take a chair at his desk, no shake hands, no usual
protocol courtesies.

He gave me a newspaper and told that my ship and I , occupied the front page,
with almost all the big shots and ministers commenting on the crisis, caused by
the Captain of the ship, not playing ball--and how the unsafe port was indeed
very safe etc.

I read the article and gave it back to him.

He said " WHAAA-- captain, you have not even read what i told you to !. Reading
this entire thing will take at least 10 times more time than you took.  Probably
they are right in saying, that you have an attitude problem? "

I said " Well, I have read it, and if you feel I have not read it , you can ask
me questions based on the article!"

He immediately ask me a few questions.

And he was amazed that I could answer all of it. After he had finished I said "
Now you can ask me about the other headlines on the same page-- choose your
pick!"

This man suddenly turned from foe to friend. He jumped up and wanted to shake my
hand and hug me .

He said that he has never seen anything like this before--and then he insisted
that he wants to have a drink with me and dinner too.

We became good friends over dinner, and he had several intelligent questions to
ask me about speed reading , as well as some advise on some personal matters.

Now I have to digress.


Once i told my second engineer , (who wanted to know how my memory is so sharp
), that I see words as pictures.


He immediately cried " I have named my new born son, Tamil Selvan. What picture
do you see?".


I said " Imagine a deer is taking a crap-- when the last ounce of s#it is
poppin' out of its a$$hole-- imagine you smear this gooey mass with your thumb,
all over the orifice. Well that is word Tamil Selvan in my minds eye !"


Needless to say, though I told him the truth, I lost one of my ardent fans, on
the spot.

Once at a Chemical course, the lecturer made the students read the IBC code
paras , one by one. And then the stupid man would ask " Understood?"


I jumped up and said " Well all have understood except the reader, for he was
more concerned about his verbal pronunciation.  If you don't believe me ask any
reader , about what he read!"




Well back to business--

SPEED READERS DRINK INFORMATION THROUGH THE EYES--PERIOD!

It is a mysterious right brain lobe ( for right handers ) powered , eye and mind
method.--where the eye is the gate to the mind.

Mouth and ears are out castes.

It is important to be comfortable with the font . The letter size should NOT be
in capitals ( upper case ).

You yourself can try to read a page on small case, and then convert it to large
size upper case, and see how your brain rejects the information.

In speed reading the eyes directed by the mind, does not give importance to 60%
of the words. The mind directs the eyes to the key words and then later the mind
fills up the blanks itself.

A little bit of peripheral vision is also involved. Like when you drive a car in
a busy street , the subconscious mind registers what the eye does not-- and you
are safe. You don't knock down the motorcycles in total chaos around you.

While speed reading, your eyes move steadily, like a train on a track, never
going in reverse.

The mind does not care for the words. It gulps in passages. The mind set is
such, that you are NOT afraid of missing out anything.

There is a holographic Gamma wave synthesis inside the brain. You are in a new
dimension of consciousness--where you mind is totally in the present. EEG will
register >40 Hertz.

In this quantum act, there is hardly any trade off between speed and
comprehension like the classical quality / quantity lever on a fulcrum.

The mind sees the multitude of words as ore, it just sucks in the gold.

Try it!

Surprised?
********************************************************************************
IN THE FLOW -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This post must be read in conjunction with my first post IN THE ZONE-- dated 2nd
Dec 2010. The "yellow sweet spot Zone" is just part of the Flow channel.

When i was in 9th Standard of school, I was representing my school at the
District schools sports meet in 200 metres dash .  The standard of athletics in
my state of Kerala is the best in the whole of India.

There were to be 8 heats, and i was 2nd in my own heat. The problem was , that
some over aged athletes were participating in my younger Intermediate group, by
fudging their age group..

I had NOT yet started to shave, but most of the guys who were participating
along with me had rough stubbles and hairy armpits.

The guy who beat me in the heats was a ugly stocky tribal type of character, and
I sort of looked down on him. But i learnt a valuable lesson , from him which i
remember even today , after 41 years.

He was participating in shot put , as he was a very muscular guy. But he was NOT
yet in the top 5 after 2 throws. So i psyched him " You look, stronger than the
others, then why are lagging at 6th position? "

He said " I have my 100 metres finals coming up, now. I will come first in this
race, then run over here , and throw for Gold in shot put. I will be in a STATE
OF FLOW ".



I was amazed at his confidence.

So i watched him win the gold in the 100 metres dash in bare feet , and watched
him run up to the shot put pit, and throw the metal ball so far ahead of the
competition, that the contest was dead!.



To cut a long story shot, this boy got the gold in the 200 metres too, and I
managed to secure the bronze.

Since then I knew what it means to be IN THE FLOW from a gorilla type, no class,
tribal boy.

I am grateful to him. This post is dedicated to him.

In a state of flow, self consciousness disappears. You are too involved in the
activity and your ego takes a backseat.  You feel connected to something larger
than yourself. You are on the crest of a intuitive high. It is a paradox, that
in this state of flow, by letting go, you strengthen your self. You don't lose
mental energy in how you appear to others. Time flies and your sense of time
gets distorted.

After winning the race, the run up to the shot put pit would have been a sort of
victory lap for the gorilla. At this time his left brain lobe will be sleeping ,
while his right lobe would be spiking like hell, in addition to the chemical
adrenaline release. When he lifted the metal ball for the throw, his mind would
have been blank,as if he did not exist, and he would be in a sort of ecstatic
feel mode.

THE HALLMARK OF FLOW IS THIS FEELING OF SPONTANEOUS JOY- NAY- RAPTURE.

Your attention is undivided and your awareness merges with your action. You are
now inside the waterfall of the flow, highly aligned with the task in hand.
There is NIL anxiety.

Knowing how to be in the flow, gives athletes the winning edge. Sports
psychology is all about knowing how to trigger this state.

You know what has to be done, and you are doing it. You are engaged by the
challenge , but NOT overwhelmed. You find a good match between the demands of
the situation and your own innate ability.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
SUPER PANCHATANTRA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This story in blue font below is the greatest story in the world. It is full of
wisdom.

An man with average IQ and commonsense can churn out at least 15 morals to the
story within 15 minutes. A genius will get more than 25 morals .

Take this simple test and find out where you stand.

Story telling requires genius. This is why in I posted MATT GROENING, THE UNSUNG
GENIUS dated 15th Jan 2011.

Here is the story--



There was this sparrow, pretty but headstrong and sharp tongued


She got fed up with her lot and tried flying high


For long she flew higher and higher with gay abandon


Suddenly her wings froze and she fell to mother earth in a tail spin


A passing lion saw her , and took pity on the frozen bird


He had promises to keep , and miles to go before he could sleep


The kind lion shat on the sparrow , to thaw her


Her beak thawed first--  she heaped abuses on the lion for crapping on her


A passing fox heard the din, walked past the lion , and ate the sparrow.





Now, let me introduce you to the word Panchatantra.

Every Indian knows it.

In my post dated 21st Dec 2010 SUPER TYPHOON BART, THE PERFECT STORM, ( the
world's biggest Category 5 Storm )  i had negotiated the storm easily by
following the moral of a Panchatantra story about the fight between the wind and
the mountain.

Panchatantra is a series of more than 3000 jungle stories, each with a moral
written by Pandit Vishnu Sharma.



No other country on this planet ( including Africa ) has the wide variety of
animals and birds --as in the Indian jungle. Observing this wild life behavior
has brought in WISDOM.

While gaining knowledge , you have to know more and more. Wisdom is about
knowing less and less, yet you are better.

Panchatantra tales are available in the original form , and has survived 5000
years.


King Amarashakti ruled over a vast kingdom south of the Vindhyas.  The king had
three sons. But all the three were duffers of the first order. The king was very
sad, that after his death,  his kingdom would suffer.

One of his ministers , seeing his King in total depression, introduced him to a
very intelligent man , Vishnu Sharma.

The King offered Vishnu Sharma lot of land and money, if he could do something
with his three children, and make them worthy princes.

Vishnu Sharma declined to take the money. He took all the three boys with him to
his ashram, and gave them unlimited wisdom in 6 months flat.

It was a sort of miracle. His method was simple. He did not teach. He narrated
interesting stories-- more than 3000 of them.

Each story had a main moral, which slowly, the princes could come up with, on
their own . He sort of formatted their subconscious minds.

Genius Vishnu Sharma knew that--

in a holographic brain , stories produce better change than dry abstractions.
Stories produce beliefs and gets hardwired into brain networks-- they tap into
ways of intuitively understanding the subtle currents that flow through our
lives..



At the same time the practical wisdom which was required in daily government
affairs on Royal life , was driven into their subconscious minds. It also
covered Dharma and proper moral conduct, as per Indian culture.

The stories had inherent in them -- philosophy, psychology, human relationship
principles and core values like  ethics, compassion, teamwork, leadership and
sense of humor.

Remember all this he did with human, animal, bird, and nature characters.

It is the true work of a super genius in 3000 BC--when 80% of  the world was
doing grunt grunt for language.

The stories are in prose, but the morals are in verses.



The truths were for all people, all places and all times. These stories have
been translated into more than 60 languages. A lot of these countries try and
claim the stories as their own, despite, not having a peacock, or tiger or rhino
or an elephant -- anywhere around them.

Need i say more?



The Panchatantra photo above is from an ancient Merkut Temple in Central Java ,
Indonesia -
********************************************************************************
VEDANTA IN QUANTUM CONSCIOUSNESS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





This universe is NOT a clockwork as contended by Newton. Newtons classical
physics holds good only for what that can be sensed by the 5 human senses, like
the rotten apple falling on his head,  NOT the sub-atomic world.


There is a deep connection between consciousness and matter. The quantum double
slit experiment has shown that a measured electron can appear either as a
particle or a wave, but NOT both at the same time.



Consciousness shapes our material world.  DNA is a transceiver of information,
some from the space time dimension and the other form the quantum world.


Our solar system and the milky way galaxy is just one of several billion in the
universe. The speed of light is 186000 miles per second. This means light
travels 6 trillion miles in one year. Our own galaxy is 60000 light years from
edge to edge, and several light years thick.


Light from the nearest star Alpha Centauri takes 4.27 light years to  reach the
earth.

Einsteins’ formula E=MC2 makes it impossible to travel at speed of light, as the
apparent mass will increase and infinite energy is required.  Speed creates
mass. In a particle accelerator , like the LHC at Cern, Switzerland,  when 2
atoms are collided at the speed of light, they bang each other at twice the
speed of light. But they cant spin faster than the speed of light, and hence
they MUST explode into new particles.
 

As is evident by Doppler shift studies, our universe is expanding.

If you mentally reverse time by calculating the trajectory of these galaxies, in
the opposite direction, it becomes obvious that the expansion is from a single
point beginning.  This is the basis of the Big Bang Theory.


देवानां नु वयं जाना पर वोचाम विपन्यया |  उक्थेषुशस्यमानेषु यः पश्यादुत्तरे युगे
||  Rig Veda 10.72.1 (10.72)




The Bible says that the universe is only thousands of years old. While Vedanta
and the modern quantum theory agrees that it is around 15 billion years.

You can bypass these great distances by using your consciousness via worm holes.
Considering that all physical matter is constructed of quantum points of
possibility, we are energy waves not particles.

We live in a time obstructed world using 5 senses -- and also a timeless realm
in the quantum dimension, where what you see is NOT what you get..

As seen by the double slit experiment, we create reality by conscious
observation.

This reminds me of an incident. When I did my lead auditors course at the Hilton
in Singapore, the lecturer asked all as the first introduction “ Tell me your
names and how  you spend your time on a weekend night?”

Almost all including a Chinese and a Irish girl said that they will be boozing
up in a bar.

I said “ On a weekend night, I observe myself “



When asked to expound, I said   “ It has to do with Consciousness as per Hindu
Vedanta — you wont understand it, unless you understand Quantum Physics !  No
other book or religion talks about consciousness , or Mind over Matter ”.



Getting back—

The cosmos is made of events of the mind. The act of observation bonds the
observer and the observed. Anything you observe becomes part of your reality.
All things are connected and act as a single organism. This connection is
undiminished by time and space. An action at one end of the universe is this
felt at the other.


Quantum rules does not care for Newton’s third law, which states that every
action has an equal and opposite reaction.  Quantum rules dictate that every
action has a multitude of reaction possibilities.

The brain receives info about its surroundings in space. After comparing new
information with old memory, the brain sends it on via quantum connection to the
dimensions that await its information. The brain needs REM sleep.



The brains job is to maintain the physical portion of the link, between the body
and consciousness.

All matter is electrical in nature. In quantum physics an electron is a point
particle, because it occupies no space, and is thus a imaginary mathematical
point.

If all the atoms in the world stopped moving, the world would disappear. ..

Every human is a quantum matrix—a myriad of interlacing processes in constant
flux. In nature there is nothing like a circle, it can only be a vortex spiral
with ever changing evolution—nothing can remain same for ever and till ad-
infinitum.


At zero degrees kelvin or minus 273 degree centigrade, at the lowest possible
temperature of the universe, all atoms are supposed to come to a standstill,
which means NIL energy as per Newtons physics. But in reality there existed a
seething cauldron of energy, which is called zero point energy by quantum
physicists.

In Vedanta of 9000 BC, it is called Akasha, which was explained to Tesla by the
Indian mystic Swami Vivekanda. The space between the electrons , which gave free
energy to the perpetual motion of the electrons , which prevent them from
falling into the nucleus, is called Akasha or Ether or Zero point field.  The
ancient Vedic sages on the banks of the river Saraswati  ( 9000 BC to 4000 BC )
did NOT need to do Mathematical calculations on paper--they could do it 1000
times faster in their great minds . Imagine Vivekananda came all the way to USA
to meet super genius scientist Nikola Tesla on strict instructions from his
Guru, Ramakrishna Paramahamsa, who did NOT understand English. For Tesla was the
only human being born in 3000 years with " NIL junk DNA"  , who could visualise
and comprehend the pearl of consciousness from the wisdom of Vedanta. The
beautiful actress Sarah Bernhardt ( as psychedelic drug user ) could sense ,
this critical union of East and West, and she made destiny possible, with the
assistance of a common friend Mark Twain,  in a party hosted by her.



This background ZPE is used to explain the unpredictable behavior of sub atomic
particles. Virtual photons jump randomly back and forth from the quantum screen
between the zero point field and our physical world.

This is the free energy exchange that takes place between the ZPF and the
material world.These virtual mystical particles are not stable and wink in and
our in 1/million of a second. In a pitch dark room where there is NIL light from
the outside world , such virtual photons can be measured.


The quantum world thus transcends time and space. Virtual particles have free
access anywhere , everywhere , everywhen. Since our wolrd is 4 dimensional, the
quantum points can arrange themselves in anyway. They get instructions from the
transceiver called DNA. A male and female contributes ½ of the DNA to produce a
new born.

Consciousness creates our space time. Since quantum stuff reacts to
consciousness, the universe is constructed by consciousness. By adding the
dimension of time to 3D space, our consciousness is given the ability to evolve.

Without change there is NO evolution, hence the vortex spiral.


In quantum physics it is meaningless to think of a particle having a trajectory
through space. For in the quantum world all things are possible. It is the same
in this space time world till choices are made. Most of these choices are
automatic, as they are made necessary by the past.

Matter is not condensed substance but a diffused form of energy.

Newton’s classical law of Inertia states that F=MA ( the basis of the first
world war ) M=mass A= acceleration. In the quantum ZPF Inertia is just the
resistance, or the drag that objects experience, when accelerated .

Gravity is a push, NOT a pull.

The virtual photon flux between a dipole and the vacuum ZPF is what the scalar
waves are. Scalar waves are faster than light with no loss of energy.

Nikola Tesla was the first to discover the longitudinal Scalar wave, after he
was guided by Vivekananda. He used the Tesla induction coil to create scalar
waves. Electromagnetic waves lose energy at a rate of square of the distance
from the source.

A vector quantity has both magnitude and direction while a scalar quantity has
only magnitude. Scalar waves react directly with the atomic nucleus, rather than
with the orbital electrons.


Scalar electromagnetics is a unified field theory, of electromagnetics and
gravitation, as per the Sri Yantra divine geometry. The brain and DNA receives
and send out scalar waves with a hidden order..


The language of the soul and the subconscious is of symbols and holograms.

All thoughts- attitudes, decisions, concepts, alignments, agreements, polarized
struggles etc are constructed holographically in the brain. Identities that
create experience are created holographically as personas, sub personalities,
and archetypes, and as polarised constructs in the deeper mind.
 


The frequencies of the deeper mind lies in the dormant parts of the brain. These
higher brain functions contain memory of everything that can possible be known
including soul memory ( past life memory ).


As per Vedanta  we are essentially holographic energy  beings existing in a
state of resonance with the scalar field of the cosmos.



Schopenhauer: “Vedas are the most rewarding and the most elevating book which
can be possible in the world.” (Works VI p.427)


 


Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth.

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon..

The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun .

Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms

Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms

Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms

Diameter of moon 3499 kms

Diametr of earth 12798 kms

The Bhagavad Purana Canto 5, verse 2 says “The sun globe, which is a source of
heat, has a width (vistaratah) of 10,000 yojanas. The moon has a width of 25
yojanas”

1 Yojana is 140 kms ( this distance is modern linear - NOT the energy spiral
time/ distance path which is mentioned in all our Puranas ).  In reality
everything on this cosmos from Macro to Micro is  spiral energy .

In linear time Prakritti (manifest creation) came forth from the Purusha (the
absolute beyond anything created). It is a point from which all came into being.
In non-linear time, this point is always present where the ‘nothing’ and the
‘something’ connect beyond words. This space is 108.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/07/oort-cloud-hindu-yugas-and-breath-
of.html

Yojana/ Yugas  has been poison injected by the white invader to make Hindus look
stupid.  BR Ambedkar was given a list of poison injectd spots in our Vedas /
Upanishads/ Puranas and he wrote a book ( Riddles in Hindusim ) as if he is a
great Vedic Pandit who knows Sanskrit and who has read all our ancient
scriptures.

When you look at the Sun and the Moon from earth they are perceived as the SAME
size, this same size appears because of their distance and diameters.

The 108 division is the coming together of Purusha and Prakriti. It is the
vibration of the Purusha and Prakriti that has put us into existence.

In Ayurveda there are a 108 marmas in the body. They are points where
consciousness impinges the body that can heal or kill a living being.

They are vital points where consciousness connects to the body, where Purusha
(consciousness) is brought into Prakriti (body) to give life to the living
being. When we recite Sanskrit Mantras  108 times it acts as a Kavach
(protection) to each Marma.

The 108 intersections on the Sri Yantra  invoke the cosmic balance of Purusha
and Prakriti and the primordial ability of the seer Maharishi to see both
clearly.

Nine is connected to Ketu, the moksa Karaka (liberation)

In Sri Yantra there are 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4 point
upwards.  The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes
like the 10000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same
relationship between pi and phi .

The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or
'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal
places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were
NOT from Egypt.

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva
and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

Numerologically, nine is a very special number, it always returns to itself.
Look how it behaves with other numbers: 9 x 1 = 9 9 x 2 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9 9 x 3 =
27, 2 + 7 = 9 9 x 4 = 36, 3 + 6 = 9 9 x 5 = 45, 4 + 5 = 9 9 x 6 = 54, 5 + 4 = 9
9 x 7 = 63, 6 + 3 = 9 9 x 8 = 72, 7 + 2 = 9 9 x 9 = 81, 8 + 1 = 9 9 x 10=90, 9 +
0 = 9 9 x 11=99, 9 + 9 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9 9 x 12 = 108

108 is the numerical equivalent of Hindu King Mantra OM , in sync with the
rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  A rudraksha mala
woen by an ancinent maharishi had 108 beads .

When the ocean of milk ( Akash Ganga- milky way of the cosmos  ) was churned in
the beginning of time, it could only be done with the working unity of the
positive and negative cosmic forces- devas (gods) and asuras (demons).

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  The middle
prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex
vibrations, between two poles. This forms the basis of Dvaita Hinduism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-
or.html

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal
gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to
create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology.

The pineal gland produces AMRIT- Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta
carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life
7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to
be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of
belief or faith..

You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5
senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian
Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our
brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole
of universe .

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses.

THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME.

They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to
the visible.

To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing
acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years.

Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of
consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you
need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient
Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA.

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records
, convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use.

The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye.
This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness

This churning allows the kundalini to rise on the mountain axis ( meru)  of our
spine with the turtle of the root chakra below. Wife Parvati rising to meet
husband Shiva at the Sahasrara Chakra- the gate at Sushumna Nadi being opened by
her son Ganesha at Muladhara Chakra.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Kalari talks about 108 marmas.

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons )
. The rest are too short lived.

The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and
contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes.

The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through
hyperspace—the THEORY OF EVERYTHING is inherent in this mystic 3D geometry.

The heat of the big bang cooked up and created the elements in Dimitri
Mendeleev's periodic table. Sanskrit and Malayalam has 54 alphabets.

Vishnu avatar Varaha boar placed 108 in the cosmic equation .  Mind you, the
Muslims stopped worshipping at Babri Masjid at Ayodhya after they saw the boar
statues. They equated it with PIG.

In the Varaka avatar , Vishnu as the boar  carried the Earth out of the ocean
between his tusks and restored it to its place in the universe and later killed
Hinranyaksha ( Jaya ) .

 THISISANAMAZINGALLEGORY.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara

"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the
"earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks. - (S.Baghawatam.
"2.7.1)

See the divine magic.

We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth
rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?

During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the
sun—this again requires some fixing right?

For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the
Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter.

There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this
in our Vedas in 5000 BC.

Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the
major Puranas.

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who
“ has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of
“ creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an
“ offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC

‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for
‘ the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the
‘ universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)

Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a
boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to
humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this- Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed
with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the
domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a
form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.

This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on
Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why
pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and
other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.

The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected
into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig
insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get
transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know
that. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical
cord. They can have dreams. The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with
humans. It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different
species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans.

Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins. Pigs can see
in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

Vishnu first Matsya avatar was a DOLPHIN –that is why NO human being eats
dolphin.

In this purana ,  the dolphin saved the Vedas , which contained the blue prints
for the cosmos and DNA codes of life on earth.  It has been proved recently that
dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures.

They are conscious animals and pass the mirror test.  Only humans , Indian
elephants  and apes like bonobos and dolphins pass the mirror test. Dolphins are
second only to humans in smartness. MRI scans indicate that these marine mammals
are self-aware. Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to
be present only in humans.

Christianity lifted the story to have a male and female specimen of each species
in a stupid NOAH s ark. While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA
codes.

nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai: antha:
thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam / nishprathyooha tharanga
ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha:
maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING: “The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His
lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus
flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen
by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging
cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this
Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC

The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the
brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz.-

The sound emitted by the dolphins, has a frequency of 7.83 hertz which is the
same as the Hindu king Mantra OM and the earth’s heart beat ( Schumann’s
resonance ) .   Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. No
Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM .

From the conch OM sound comes as its innards are shaped by the morphogenetic
consciousness field or BrahmAn.  Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna
blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts. This
sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the
ionosphere as a wave guide.

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the
Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya
Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs
who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu
King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing. When
you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786 -- the holy number on
every Koran.

Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz
being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz Gam - 14 Hz Hleem - 20 Hz Hreem - 26 Hz Kleem - 33 Hz Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

Humans cannot hear less than 20 Hertz- but our hearts can hear it.


Dolphins are attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation
during underwater research.
********************************************************************************
WORD FOR EVERY OCCASION -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

FUCK-



I remember, when i was a young boy of 11 years , my classmate called another
guy, "a fucking Cu#t" , and he was literally in hot waters.


After a complaint by the aggrieved to the teacher, the matter went up to the
principal.


90% of pupils in the class ( including "yours truly" ) did NOT even know the
meaning of the word " fuck",


-- nor

HOW IT IS DONE --  OR WHAT IS THE AFTER EFFECT..


Our School was a prim and propah one. Finally the culprit got away, by
apologising in front of his parents and the principal.


Today you find the word FUCK in most of the dictionaries and thesaurus's ,
except a few prudish UK English ones.


There is hardly a Hollywood movie or a TV English serial without using this
universal word.


Let me list down a few " non -sexual" FUCK exclamations used at sea-- hardly
anybody takes offence. It is just part of a good conversation.


It is a universal word to express greetings, resignation, confusion, despair,
denial, apathy, anxiety, fraud, aggression, panic, disbelief, trouble,
difficulty, pleasure, displeasure, loss, disgust, suspicion, ignorance, request,
surprise, perplexity, a mere statement of fact, or whatever!



Holy fuck! You guys rock!


What the fuck! We had a good fuckin’ time ashore , right? That was fucking
amazing Now that this new Chief Officer has come, we are all fucked Who the fuck
was that?  Stop fucking around! I fucking love this cabin! I guess I'm really
fucked now! Fuck, that really hurt!  Thats fuckin’ awesome, dude ! I don't
understand anything about this fucking thing What the fuck do you want He fucks
up everything, royally! Holy fuck!  did you see that? What's fucking wrong, you
are sick ? Why the fuck did you throw my old shoes away ? That bitch at that bar
corner looks  fuckin’ scary! We have fucked food for dinner today! Don’t fuck
the system! Fuck your rights! My watch is fucked! Fuck! I hit my head Fucks sake
, he pisses me off daily! Fuck, we are gonna collide now! Don’t fuck with me
dude! Holy fuckin’ shit, they are trying to kill us That blonde canal inspector
sitting in the CCR eminently fuckable I don’t fuckin’ wanna know, OK? I give a
flying fuck! Fuck!, I will be late again for my watch How the fuck are you maan?
Captain fucked me today! Fuck it maan, relax! Fuck me? Fuck you too! I don’t
understand what is fucking goin’ on! Fucked royally again, as usual ! I couldn’t
fucking be more happier! What the fuck is goin’ on? Where the fuck are we? Un
-fuckin’ -believable Up your fuckin’ ass, dude! I didn’t fucking do it , ok! I
know fuck about all this! Its gonna explode, lets get the fuck outa here! Fuck
off! You are late , its four- fuckin’ -thirty! How did I wind up with this
fucking job? Fucked if I know ! What the fuck are your doin’? coming ashore? He
does fuck all around here! Who the fuck are you? How the fuck are you, dude?
Guess, its gonna be a fucked up day Swaraj, is your fuckin’ birth right! Boy,
heads are fuckin’ gonna roll today! Let the fuckin’ steward do the cleaning! I
do all the fuckin’ work around here! You talk fucking too much! AW! Fuck it man!
I don’t understand the fucking question Hold on , while I shut up that noisy
fuck on VHF What the fuck was all that crap about? Get that little creepy fucker
off my ship! Fuck! Fuuckk!!  Ffuuucckkk !!! ( Captain after colliding with 3
consecutive ships at Singapore anchorage ) Damn, the fuck got away! You fuck-
head, you let me down again! Oprah -fuckin’- Winfrey is on TV! The log shows
just 80 fucking miles. Fuck! cant stand his terrible stinking BO




Now let me end with a sexual joke! After all we must NOT forget the actual
meaning.


a village bumpkin was told by his mother to sell their only duck as there was no
bread in the house--

while he was going skippety skip to the fair-- he saw a fair girl giving him the
glad eye--

she looked at this bulging crotch and said-- what a nice duck!

he stopped and said-- "if mE can fuck you, Ya can take this duck"

they fucked-- he gave her the duck-- the girl wanted an encore-- so she said

"if you fuck me once more, i'll give you , your duck back

while he was fucking her again-- the duck wandered off and got run over by a
truck-

seeing him despondant, she said —“ ok, i'll give you twenty dollars for the 2nd
fuck"

the bumpkin goes home hoppety hop-- his mother sees him with the dead duck under
his arm

she cried " what ever happened !!"?

the bumpkin says --let me put it this easy way--

A  FUCK  FOR  A  DUCK A  DUCK  FOR  A  FUCK NOW  I  HAVE  TWENNY  BUCKS AND  A
FUCKED  UP  DUCK
********************************************************************************
STAR DUST , EVOLVED DNA AND DEC 21ST 2012 -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


MARTHANDA-- SOURCE OF SHIVA LINGA, -- THE STONE WHICH INCLUDED SAGALA  .

I am posting this on request from Dev K who make a comment in my blog SUPER
PANCHATANTRA asking for information about PLANET X ( English ) / NIBIRU (
Sumerian ).



As per Vedanta , DNA is NOT earthly, but from the Cosmos ( Charles Darwin and
his monkeys will disagree ).

I will first say something about the significance of the date 21st Dec 2012.  It
has to do with evolution of DNA of the denizens of planet Earth.


After Dec 21st 2012, a lot of humans on this planet  will shift to the wisdom
mode rather than the knowledge mode, due to preprogramming of his DNA by star
dust. These people will have lesser junk DNA. Wisdom determines how knowledge
will be used. Science will happily accept consciousness. Darwin and Newton will
be consigned to the dustbin and man will understand the powers of his mind, as
told in the Vedas written in 5000 BC.  The internet of global consciousness will
give DARSHAN of space- time continuum..


In 2000 I shifted to my new home, a cosy bunglow with our own source of drinking
water, a pure living water well.

On 17th June 2001 , i came home from ship on leave, in the thick of the monsoon
season, when it pours, it does not rain. The air is clear of all dust  .

On 25th June 2001, my well had some reddish yellow algae type organic dust,
floating on the top. I was quite upset, as we do not have municipality water
connection, which every house in Calicut city has.

All over my home state Kerala, there was mysterious red rain.

It continued for 2 months till Set 23rd 2001. During this period hundreds of
ancient wells, which survived thousands of years , imploded and caved in. It
must be remembered that well water holds memory. Every newspaper and magazine
had plenty to say about it-- all bull.

On 25th June before sunrise, the residents of a town Changanasseri, were woken
up 1 hour before sunrise by a terrific sound, which could only have been a sonic
boom. This is most unusual and impossible out there. There is NO thunderstorm at
this time.

Some of this red water was collected by scientists and they found it to be
biological cells--not inorganic matter or iron oxide. It could NOT have been
some dust storm carried over and dumped by the Jet stream--like how Chinese soot
is deposited over west coast USA , California.

HAARP has been playing around with the Jet stream and Ionosphere , recently.



The scientists did NOT do proper tests from DNA of the Kerala red rain.  They
were NOT competent enough to. Probably NASA could have found more about DNA in
these red cells than they did in the bacteria of Mono Lake California.

The spores in star dust , have DNA which cannot be detected easily, as they can
change their genetic machinery.



They have survived in harsh conditions of outer space. They are self directing
and self organising. These spore cells would be unlike anything else found on
earth. When bombarded with light they will shine like the stars in the milky
way.

Researchers in Bio photons will tell you, that cell dying process is identical
to the stars. Just before ding , exactly like Supernovas, they emit light of
great intensity before they get extinguished.


Vedanta talks about the ener-genetic connection between the Galactic centre
(Bindu of the Sri Yantra) and DNA molecule.


Intelligent waves of core energy are called SOMVARTA as per Vedas, are
responsible for the spontaneous evolution of species. ( again Darwin and his
monkey gang will disagree--who cares? ).


Fibonacci series and the golden mean ( stolen from Vedanta of 9000 BC.) rule the
construct of DNA and the spiralling construct of the Cosmos.



All stardust has to cross the plasma sheath , called Heliosphere around our
Solar system and hence this dust has to be highly charged. This highly charged
star dust has to be life giving.



Collapsing wells were preceded by swirling waters inside. These are all " sink
hole" signatures ( an example is the picture above ) .

Typical of a " Marthanda effect".



In the Vedas written in 5000 BC, Marthanda is the physically deformed cast away
son of Nebula, Aditi.  Aditi is the mother of all mothers.



In the Rig Veda written in 5000 BC , Aditi is mentioned more than 80 times.
Aditi is devamatri (mother of the gods) as from and in her cosmic matrix all the
heavenly bodies were born. As the celestial virgin and mother of every existing
form and being, the synthesis of all things, she is highest akasa. As the womb
of space, she is a feminized form of Brahma. The line in the Rig-Veda: "Daksha
sprang from Aditi and Aditi from Daksha" has reference to "the eternal cyclic
re-birth of the same divine Essence" (SD 2:247n). In one of its most mystic
aspects Aditi is divine wisdom or consciousness. Aditi cast away her 8th son
Marthanda as he was mis shapen---- Rig Veda Mandala10-Sukta-72(10-72)



Western astronomists have renamed it as binary star Marduk quoting some Sumerian
story .

Sumerians and Mesopotamian astronomists are the same who migrated from India
after the river Saraswati dried up in 4000 BC.

In 7000 BC Aryan Indian Emperor Vikramaditya whose royal seal was the SWASTIKA
ruled this area .In 7000 BC Aryan Indian Emperor Vikramaditya , whose royal seal
was the SWASTIKA ruled this area . A lot of civilizations have tried to hijack
this symbol, ( last being Hitler ) these poor souls must know know that Shiva's
son Ganesha  has it inscribed on his palm.







Marthanda is a huge energised mass or rock which revolves round the sun every
12500 years, which at perigee creates lot of disturbances on planet earth.


It is also called SAGALA , ( meaning EVERYTHING in Sanskrit, and in my own
language Malayalam, from which the black , heavier than iron, SIVA LINGAMS
scattered all over the Indian subcontinent and certain parts of the planet.



In 7000 BC, Aryan Indian Emperor Vikramaditya who ruled from Jerusalem to Urals,
Vietnam, identified these black meteroritic stones and built temples on all over
them. This includes the black stones in Jerusalem Dome of the rock, The missing
stone at Petra, The black stone at Mecca, the hundreds of Shiva lingam temples
till Vietnam. The black stone at St Peters cathedral site is kept inside the
Vatican vaults .


Marthanda  is NOT Planet X/  Nibiru which is smaller ( 4 times the size of earth
) and passes earth every 3600 years, and should have already passed planet earth
a couple of years ago.

I really cannot comment with any surety about Planet X/ Nibiru/ Marduk, as
proper scientific data from the secret US observatory at South Pole is NOT
published for the benefit of common man ( for fear of unnecessary speculation
and panic).

We humans have consciousness and we have a free choice if we wish to evolve
further to higher consciousness. This means our junk DNA ( 96% of the total )
will be used and be mutated to 12 strand DNA.. If we do so, we have to comply
with fresh terms and conditions. Failure to do so, and the first sign will be
new born Albinos .








When the time is right, ( after 21st Dec 2012 ) the star dust DNA from outer
cosmos will be energised by scalar waves and the cells will emerge to give new
life forms plant and animal.




Why Kerala? What is so special about Kerala?

Why NOT some foreign lands which are full of so called " milk and honey?"

Kerala has one of the highest deposits of Thorium on this planet, inherent in
the monazite sands-- which sends it radioactive signature to the outer reached
of cosmos.

Thorium is the fuel for the future. It holds 150 times more power than Uranium.
India is already developed a blue print for Thorium nuclear reactors. Thorium is
found with actinides Uranium and Plutonium in the Periodic table of Dimitri
Mendeleyev.

In 4000 BC, when Arjuna came to Kadampuzha temple ( near Calicut ) to receive
the Pashupatastra missile , from Lord Shiva , prior the Mahabharata war, it must
be understood that it was Thoruim based.

Kerala has always been referred to as God's own country. She has the best flora
on this planet . Ayurveda used the botanical multitude of tropical and wet
Kerala, as the Saraswati river between 9000 BC to 4000 BC had limited plants and
ferns.

The Egyptian pyramid builders were evolved Vaishnavites ( Seers or Maharshis
with 13 strand DNA having the spiritual gene ) from Kerala.











Vatican has buried more than 8000 of Modern Nostradamus Edgar Cayce’s readings.
All missing readings deal with Indian Vedas. But the readings in which he said
that Jesus Christ was in India for 3 years, learning Vedanta is still available.
It was by specific request that out of 12 Jesus’s disciples , one Saint Thomas
came to Kerala ( my home state ) and the other Saint Peter went to Vatican,
where there was a powerful Shiva Linga temple . The rest 10 disciples did NOT
venture out of Palestine. The missing readings also deal with what Cayce said
about Vedanta oncepts like Chakras, Kundalini, Indian horoscopes, Astrology,
Holistic Ayurveda, Akashik records, Mantras etc, which alarmed the Pope.








The above black Shiva lingam was broken , at the Shiva Hindu temple , which
later became the temple of Aphrodite at Paphos Cyprus at around 500 BC.

"... those terrifiers of the world stood like two planets both deviating from
their orbits." -- Sanjaya, giving teleported , blow by blow account of
Mahabharata war to blind king Dritarashtra -- Mahabharata, Book 8 (Karna Parva),
Chapter 17, 4000 B.C.
********************************************************************************
MURKY TRUTHS OF THE SEPOY'S MUTINY 1857, THE FIRST WAR OF INDEPENDENCE -- CAPT
AJIT VADAKAYIL ROTHSCHILDS WHO OWNED BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY CONTROLS THE
BRITISH CROWN IN 1857 --AS PER ADAM SMITH'S BLUE PRINT







First read my post dated 10th Feb 2011, WORTH MORE THAN THE SUM TOTAL OF ENTIRE
FORBES LIST, to get a handle of who Rothschild is.!!.





It does not require too much acuity to realize that German Jews Rothschild ,
controlled every aspect of British rule in India, till they finally left for
good in 1947.

It is no coincidence that British imperialism begins only after the Illuminati
Jewish bankers, the Rothschilds become established in Britain .

They knew that that they cannot exploit the rest of the world in a local modus
operandi  fashion, and the usual tactic of infiltration into corridors of power
would not work in foreign lands.

They therefore simply appropriated the British flag as theirs and used the
British as their extensions in non-Western lands. The simple "John Bull" British
were dosed with pride in the "empire", "race", "Christianity" and "Queen" and
catalyzed by the constant injections of crusader zeal and bravery . They were
all puppets on a string and  it was really Rothschild's empire they were making.

Rothschild in 2011, has many times more wealth , that the whole of Forbes 500
added together. While the dumb world citizen is told that the richest man is
Bill Gates or Carlos Slims or whatever.


These Federal reserve banking family decide, when banks and stocks have to
crash. They decide the bull and bears.

How many people know that Lord Mountbatten , also belonged to Rothschilds.


How many people knew that Churchill’s mother was Rothschilds? His rise to First
Lord of Admiralty and till Prime Minister was all manoeuvred by Rothschild. .



The Jewish banking families made it a practice to marry their female offspring
to spendthrift European aristocrats. In Jewish law, the mixed offspring of a
Jewish mother is Jewish. (The male heirs always marry Jews.) The daughter of
Jewish banker Ernest Cassel , Pamela ( Nehru’s friend , now you get the idea why
Louis could not get rid of Pamela even if he wanted to ) married Lord Louis
Mountbatten, who was related to Queen Victoria and Prince Philip.

Rothschild family owned the trading company British East India Company. In 1857,
they decided to merge with the British Empire.

You all must be very familiar with modern day power player mergers like Exxon
Mobil etc.

At least 80 years prior to the so called sepoy’s mutiny or the First war of
Indian Independence, discontent had been brewing in India over the lack of
respect shown by the British to the Indians in the same army unit.

The young British officers , recruited by British East India company in a hurry,
with NIL military experience were chicken-hearted in close combat. These pansies
behaving like school boys , could NOT even stand in the sun, leave alone spill
blood.  They cocked a daily snook at the culture and the sensitivities of their
own soldiers , they had to lead.  Leadership spirit was missing.



All you guys have only read British versions of all this right?



These young British officers --they were on a trip and loved to live it up , in
greater pomp and splendor the Dukes, Barons and the Earls back home in England.
Rather they all thought they were Napoleons.





And they did NOT have the moral fibre or were NOT worth this type of display.
Lack of respect meant that they had to secure respect in a heavy handed manner.
The only way to do this was by severe corporal punishments like whipping for
minor lapses, which was outlawed by Lord William Bentick. .

There was heavy financial extortion, through taxation. And these Indian soldiers
pay was pathetic.

All this  thing about the stupid Indians revolting because of having to bite a
greased cartridge covered with pig and cow lard is all bullshit.


Rothshilds propaganda to show Indians as stupid, included bullshit cause
triggers like banishing Sati, banishing the Thuggee cult, abolition of female
infanticide , and child marriage etc.


--and even thisthe stupid Indians revolted because they thought the Bombay steam
--engine train was a demon etc. Well, these Indians have heard of Ramayana in
--4000 BC, where aircrafts ( Pushpaka Vimana ) and Scalar interferometry (
--Brahmaastra ) were used, and so this train will be a very tiny surprise.

Though it was NOT allowed to apply the whip on the Indian soldiers as per the
regiment laws , it was done very frequently. British officers accused of
mindless brutality were allowed extended appeals, and they would never ever be
punished—such was the system, and all the powers played ball.

The Vellore soldiers mutiny took place on July 10th 1806, due to this , when
more than 200 British officers were killed.  They had to sit though daily
preachings of Christian missionaries, who wanted to convert them by hook or by
crook. Punishments included making them stand under the blazing sun.



The Tamilian soldiers are known to be very patient with a long fuse. It is
accepted by the British today, that the Indian sepoys were highly disciplined ,
loyal and docile. Yet they were treated worse than dogs.

The traders British India company were NOT allowed to acquire land . It was
Emperor Aurangazeb who first donated land out of gratitude to a British East
India company doctor for curing his wife of a disease, which became the Madras
headquarters of East India Company. . Yet Governor general Lord Dalhousie had
acquired 700 000 square kilometers of land.

They fanned the flames of caste and religion divide blatantly, in a such way—it
was obvious for all.

Rothschild used Robert Clive for land grabbing , and when he has served their
purpose , they removed him like a curry leaf and had him court marshaled.

After Tipu’s death in 1799, the Rothschild made sure the entire gold was shipped
off to their underground vaults in their own ships.

Freemason ( Illuminati –or Rothschild man ) was made governor general in 1848.
The Barrackpore soldiers revolt took place in 1824.

It was a BIG LIE that the Indian Sepoy in Meerut killed British women and
children. Rather many soldiers had later testified that Indians escorted them to
safety, and then they went back to join the mutiny. No Indian Christian converts
were massacred as per British propaganda.

After the 1757 revolt Rothschild used their stooges Edmund Burke and Adam Smith
to argue their case that the Crown should take over the affairs of India.



  
Meanwhile the heads of Emperor Bahadur Shah Zafar’s 3 sons  were presented to
him on a platter by William Hodson at Khooni Dawwaza. The Emperor was imprisoned
in Burma in a very tiny prison.

 TheRothschildagentsthrewagreatandextravagantballattheRedFort.Theythensupervised
 thevandalismoftheTajMahal.Thesolidgoldcoatedspireswereprisedoutandreplacedwithb
 rassimitations,andshippedofftotheRothschildundergroundgoldvaults,inwhichtheyhad
 beenboilinggoldinfurnacesforcenturies...Theyalsoprisedoutallthediamonds,saphire
 ,rubiesandemeraldsandreplacedthemwithcolouredquartz.

The 1857 revolt was the excuse to annex the whole of India, with NO more
pretense of princely states, as per Adam Smith's original blue print.. The
British crown merged the East Indian company soldiers of Madras, Bombay and
Bengal presidencies. ,and soon India was flooded with the Crowns soldiers. Well
paid German Hessian merecenaries just stated pouring in by troop ships.



It was Rothschilds who ensured that the so called Sepoy’s revolt caused by
animal lard,  was given enough time to spread slowly all over India , before it
was suppressed. They used communications to great effect to allow the slow
spread of fire from the hot seat of Meerut.  Rothschild made sure money power on
select leaders , kept the brave Sikhs and Gurkha regiments on their side . Sikhs
, the Mahars of Maharashtra and Gorkhas fought against the rest of India, in
this First war of Independence in 1857.


2038 white soldiers 12 field guns and armed to the teeth, could NOT contain the
2357 unarmed Sepoys of Meerut!!



The Mangal Pande incident at the 34th native infantry Meerut is a true event.
Pandey did attack his superior British officer. But due to grave provocation.
Pandey was moving his lips, while reciting a Mantra silently, which was taken a
display of contempt by his British officer. (In court , chanting the Mantra was
described and recorded as babbling in religious fervour ) . He insulted him ,
struck and treated him like a mongrel dog.




Only one Muslim sepoy, Sheikh Pultoo who supported the British version in court,
was promoted and retained in another regiment. But even Pultoo did NOT agree to
the British charge that Mangal Pandey was drugged with Bhang.  Rest all who
witnessed this incident , were sacked, imprisoned for 10 years , and 5th company
34th regiment disbanded.


This was the trigger!

Mangal Pande was from Ghazipur, where the East India Company had their largest
Opium Plant in 1820. His family was displaced by Lord Cornwallis ( Rothschild
agent ) the Governor General of British India, who died in Ghazipur, of Opium
overdose.








This thief's memorial still overlooks the Ganges river.  He was hated by the
Americans who fought against him in their war of Independence.

From 1838, the British had been arm twisting Indian Indentured labour ( slavery
, coupled with freedom for sex with pretty Indian women in far flung plantations
) and horror stories had been tricking back to India. All were witness to large
scale looting of India's wealth . India was the richest country in the world, in
the 17th century, and the British stole everything and carted it away to
England.


It requires a real moron to believe that a full regiment rose in revolt, because
of lard grease , and NOT due to overbearing and highhanded behavior of immature
British officers, who acted God. Mangal Pandey was hanged 10 days earlier than
the date set for his execution in secret.






The Battle of Plassey in 1757 was a BIG LIE.

First of all the trigger of the Black hole of Calcutta was  COOKED UP . It was
tom tommed by East India Company that Nawab Siraj Ud Daula locked up 146
Britishers in a small dark ill ventilated room, out of which 123 died.  The
truth is only 58 people were in the room , out of which 19 died..





Adam Smith used this PEARL HARBOUR or LOUSITANIA type cause to start the Battle
of Plassey in 1757, for East India Company to take over India. The battle itself
is a white lie. The battle never took place. Siraj Ud Daula was killed before
even a single shot was fired by his brother-in-law and army Commander Mir
Jaffar, who was bribed by Rothschild employee Robert Clive.


Mir Jaffar was made a stooge Nawab and in return he gave a lot of Siraj Ud
Daula's gold and diamonds for Robert Clive to take home personally in secrecy.
Clive wanted to squeeze him more and when unable to milk him further, shoved off
Mir Jaffar and put his rival Mir Qasim as the Satrap. Digression:  My own batch
mate "did a Rothschilds"  38 years ago, when I was a 16 year old cadet.

I smelt smoke at 1 AM, on my training ship at Mumbai anchorage.  I went to the
locker room, from the dorm and saw this guy ( also 16 years old ) coolly setting
my boiler suit on fire using a cigarette and a cardboard which he used as a fan.
He had a soda acid extinguisher kept 2 feet away. I snatched my boiler suit away
and asked him what he is up to.  He said " I have received 4 COH ( court of
honour hearings ) already.  Dude, I need some positive OLQ ( officer like
quality marks ) or I will fail!"


So then he took another boiler suit and did the honours.  When the fire had
burnt 60% of the boiler suit, he put it out with the extinguisher. Then after 10
minutes I saw him coming down with Khan^#r ( my batch mates would have guessed
this name already ) , took the credit for averting a grave disaster with 250
sleeping cadets , all between the ages of 16 to 18,  and got +15 marks for OLQ.


FAMOUS BACK SWINGS OF THE ROTHSCHILDS ( burn your own backyard theory ):--

" BEEF LARD AND PIG FAT SCANDAL "--  TO GET EMPIRE SOLDIERS TO TAKE OVER INDIA
" AND CONVERT OFFICIALLY FROM RULERS TO BRITISH EMPIRE (MERGER) IN 1857

"BLACK HOLE OF CALCUTTA SCANDAL -- FOR ROTHSCHILD OWNED EAST INDIA COMPANY TO
"TAKE OVER INDIA FROM TRADERS TO RULERS IN 1757.

"THE LUSITANIA SINKING -- TO GET USA INTO THE FIRST WORLD WAR--AND CARVE OUT A
"HOMELAND FOR JEWS.

"THE  PEARL HARBOUR -- TO GET USA INTO THE SECOND WORLD WAR

" THE 2008 ROTHSCHILD OWNED BANK CRASHES-- TO SHOW THAT JOHN GALT OF ATLAS
" SHRUGGED WAS RIGHT--AYN RAND WAS THE MISTRESS OF PHILIPPE ROTHSCHILD ( i will
" be posting on this soon )


Not many people know that Rothschild inducted Bene Israel Jews as army officers
and more than  55% of the British Indian army officers were Jews . We do NOT
talk about the Chitpavan ( Brahmin) Jews here.

The likes of Lt Gen JFR Jacob , Vice Admiral BA Samson . Lt Gen RM Jacob  and
Maj Gen JR Samson are well known.  All of them were sponsored by Rotshchild and
blood relative Sasoon the opium traders.

These Bene Israel Jews witnessed the decline and the collapse of the Peshwa
regime, the surrender of Gwalior, Indore and Baroda (presently Vadodara), the
subjugation of Gujarat, Kathiawar and Sind. During the 1857 Indian war of
Independence these Jews were 100% on the side of Rothschild , the owner of
British East India company..

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
NIBIRU, PLANET X IS NOT, MARTHANDA-- SOURCE OF SAGALA BLACK STONE SHIVA LINGAM--
CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





MARTHANDA-- SOURCE OF SHIVA LINGA, -- THE STONE WHICH INCLUDED SAGALA  .


I am posting this on request from Dev K who make a comment in my blog SUPER
PANCHATANTRA asking for information about PLANET X ( English ) / NIBIRU (
Sumerian ).



I will first say something about the significance of the date 21st Dec 2012.  It
has to do with evolution of DNA of the denizens of planet Earth.


After Dec 21st 2012, a lot of humans on this planet  will shift to the wisdom
mode rather than the knowledge mode, due to preprogramming of his DNA by star
dust. These people will have lesser junk DNA. Wisdom determines how knowledge
will be used. Science will happily accept consciousness. Darwin and Newton will
be consigned to the dustbin and man will understand the powers of his mind, as
told in the Vedas written in 5000 BC.  The internet of global consciousness will
give DARSHAN of space- time continuum..

In 2000 I shifted to my new home, a cosy bunglow with our own source of drinking
water, a pure living water well.

On 17th June 2001 , i came home from ship on leave, in the thick of the monsoon
season, when it pours, it does not rain. The air is clear of all dust  .

On 25th June 2001, my well had some reddish yellow ( orange goo ) algae type
organic dust, floating on the top. I was quite upset, as we do not have
municipality water connection, which every house in Calicut city has.

All over my home state Kerala, there was mysterious red rain.

It continued for 2 months till Set 23rd 2001. During this period hundreds of
ancient wells, which survived thousands of years , imploded and caved in. It
must be remembered that well water holds memory. Every newspaper and magazine
had plenty to say about it-- all bull.

On 25th June before sunrise, the residents of a town Changanasseri, were woken
up 1 hour before sunrise by a terrific sound, which could only have been a sonic
boom. This is most unusual and impossible out there. There is NO thunderstorm at
this time.

Some of this red water was collected by scientists and they found it to be
biological cells--not inorganic matter or iron oxide. It could NOT have been
some dust storm carried over and dumped by the Jet stream--like how Chinese soot
is deposited over west coast USA , California.

HAARP has been playing around with the Jet stream and Ionosphere , recently.



The scientists did NOT do proper tests from DNA of the Kerala red rain.  They
were NOT competent enough to. Probably NASA could have found more about DNA in
these red cells than they did in the bacteria of Mono Lake California.

The spores in star dust , have DNA which cannot be detected easily, as they can
change their genetic machinery.


Researchers in Bio photons will tell you, that cell dying process is identical
to the stars. Just before ding , exactly like Supernovas, they emit light of
great intensity before they get extinguished.

Vedanta talks about the ener-genetic connection between the Galactic centre
(Bindu of the Sri Yantra) and DNA molecule.

Intelligent waves of core energy are called SOMVARTA as per Vedas, are
responsible for the spontaneous evolution of species. ( again Darwin and his
monkey gang will disagree--who cares? ).

Fibonacci series and the golden mean ( stolen from Vedanta of 9000 BC.) rule the
construct of DNA and the spiralling construct of the Cosmos.



They have survived in harsh conditions of outer space. They are self directing
and self organising. These spore cells would be unlike anything else found on
earth. When bombarded with light they will shine like the stars in the milky
way.



All stardust has to cross the plasma sheath , called Heliosphere around our
Solar system and hence this dust has to be highly charged. This highly charged
star dust has to be life giving.



Collapsing wells were preceded by swirling waters inside. These are all " sink
hole" signatures ( an example is the picture above ) .

Typical of a " Marthanda effect".



In the Vedas written in 5000 BC, Marthanda is the physically deformed cast away
son of Nebula, Aditi.  Aditi is the mother of all mothers.


In the Rig Veda written in 5000 BC , Aditi is mentioned more than 80 times.
Aditi is devamatri (mother of the gods) as from and in her cosmic matrix all the
heavenly bodies were born. As the celestial virgin and mother of every existing
form and being, the synthesis of all things, she is highest akasa. As the womb
of space, she is a feminized form of Brahma. The line in the Rig-Veda: "Daksha
sprang from Aditi and Aditi from Daksha" has reference to "the eternal cyclic
re-birth of the same divine Essence" (SD 2:247n). In one of its most mystic
aspects Aditi is divine wisdom or consciousness. Aditi cast away her 8th son
Marthanda as he was mis shapen---- Rig Veda Mandala10-Sukta-72(10-72)


Western astronomists have renamed it as binary star Marduk quoting some Sumerian
story .

Sumerians and Mesopotamian astronomists are the same who migrated from India
after the river Saraswati dried up in 4000 BC.

In 7000 BC Aryan Indian Emperor Vikramaditya , whose royal seal was the SWASTIKA
ruled this area . A lot of civilizations have tried to hijack this symbol, (
last being Hitler ) these poor souls must know know that Shiva's son Ganesha has
it inscribed on his palm.







Marthanda is a huge energised mass or rock which revolves round the sun every
12500 years, which at perigee creates lot of disturbances on planet earth.

It is also called SAGALA , ( meaning EVERYTHING in Sanskrit, and in my own
language Malayalam, from which the black , heavier than iron, SIVA LINGAMS
scattered all over the Indian subcontinent and certain parts of the planet.



In 7000 BC, Aryan Indian Emperor Vikramaditya who ruled from Jerusalem to Urals,
Vietnam, identified these black meteroritic stones and built temples on all over
them. This includes the black stones in Jerusalem Dome of the rock, The missing
stone at Petra, The back stone at Mecca, the hundreds of Shiva lingam temples
till Vietnam. The stone at St Peters cathedral site is kept inside the Vatican
vaults.

Marthanda  is NOT Planet X/  Nibiru  which is smaller ( 4 times the size of
earth ) and passes earth every 3600 years, and should have already passed planet
earth a couple of years ago.

I really cannot comment with any surety about Planet X/ Nibiru/ Marduk, as
proper scientific data from the secret US observatory at South Pole is NOT
published for the benefit of common man ( for fear of unnecessary speculation
and panic).

We humans have consciousness and we have a free choice if we wish to evolve
further to higher consciousness. This means our junk DNA ( 96% of the total )
will be used and be mutated to 12 strand DNA.. If we do so, we have to comply
with fresh terms and conditions. Failure to do so, and the first sign will be
new born Albinos .









When the time is right, ( after 21st Dec 2012 ) the star dust DNA from outer
cosmos will be energised by scalar waves and the cells will emerge to give new
life forms plant and animal.


Why Kerala? What is so special about Kerala?

Why NOT some foreign lands which are full of so called " milk and honey?"

Kerala has one of the highest deposits of Thorium on this planet, inherent in
the monazite sands-- which sends it radioactive signature to the outer reached
of cosmos.

Thorium is the fuel for the future. It holds 150 times more power than Uranium.
India is already developed a blue print for Thorium nuclear reactors. Thorium is
found with actinides Uranium and Plutonium in the Periodic table of Dimitri
Mendeleyev.

In 4000 BC, when Arjuna came to Kadampuzha temple ( near Calicut ) to receive
the Pashupatastra missile , from Lord Shiva , prior the Mahabharata war, it must
be understood that it was Thoruim based.

Kerala has always been referred to as God's own country. She has the best flora
on this planet . Ayurveda used the botanical multitude of tropical and wet
Kerala, as the Saraswati river between 9000 BC to 4000 BC had limited plants and
ferns.

The Egyptian pyramid builders were evolved Vaishnavites ( Seers or Maharshis
with 13 strand DNA having the spiritual gene ) from Kerala.






Vatican has buried more than 8000 of Modern Nostradamus Edgar Cayce’s readings.
All missing readings deal with Indian Vedas. But the readings in which he said
that Jesus Christ was in India for 3 years, learning Vedanta is still available.
It was by specific request that out of 12 Jesus’s disciples , one Saint Thomas
came to Kerala ( my home state ) and the other Saint Peter went to Vatican,
where there was a powerful Shiva Linga temple . The rest 10 disciples did NOT
venture out of Palestine. The missing readings also deal with what Cayce said
about Vedanta oncepts like Chakras, Kundalini, Indian horoscopes, Astrology,
Holistic Ayurveda, Akashik records, Mantras etc, which alarmed the Pope.












Above are Shiva Lingam black stones at Mecca, Vatican , and Jerusalem -dome of
the rock.



The above black Shiva lingam was broken , at the Shiva Hindu temple , which
later became the temple of Aphrodite at Paphos Cyprus at around 500 BC.

"... those terrifiers of the world stood like two planets both deviating from
"... their orbits." -- Sanjaya, giving teleported , blow by blow account of
"... Mahabharata war to blind king Dritarashtra -- Mahabharata, Book 8 (Karna
"... Parva), Chapter 17, 4000 B.C.

Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older.
Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for
Guru Brihaspati. . Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The
astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to
represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi
Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is
lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus
is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma /
Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia
and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan
war where Helen was stolen. Several people came to India to get a cure for
epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights.

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician.

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his
debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract.

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang
thing-- - but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1
mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before
Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was
Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains
died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded
secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the
same thing via advanced Calculus.

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever
understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha
mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years
before Pythagoras was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search- ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .
And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s
No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other
than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks
Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and
Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material
world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the
earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below.

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he
was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick
Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the
Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western
world.

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander
the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the
foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge
.

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and
Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING
of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the
dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old
Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose
entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example : In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas),
Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm). Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more
most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta
Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda. So his
fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic
(phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most
important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of
water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic
system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is
explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted
from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle,
which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is
called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath
on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was
absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods-
and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was
his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff.

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from
faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body
and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR
TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy
man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris (
Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt
) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) .

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is
the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman
hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music
and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known
for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which
he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna )
crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it
was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild
animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over
curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are
sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets
and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on
the musical scale. The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the
philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins
in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the
west.

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics (
magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the
MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was
killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went
down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto
allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he
did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus,
however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and
Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever.

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing
Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of
Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek
equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the
soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death. Almost every Greek text tells
that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play
Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking
Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda
and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search- MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER
VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the
5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in
their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about
India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation
known to me.”
  
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells
about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing
elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool
growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use
in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the
Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just
for kicks.

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger . Such
jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb
detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left
overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan (
Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a
living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian
laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was
ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only
Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like
him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. (
AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so
there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the
parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John
Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of
Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of
devotees.

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of
rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas),
however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara,
‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’).

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit,
bhakti, ‘devotion’). And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate
cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I
am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be
reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he
knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter
form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's
Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter (
heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the
metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document
for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when
in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin
Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above
his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a
furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological
plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and
procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and
resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary
journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He
writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its
origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew.

 Bartholomewisoneofthe12disciplesofJesusandismentionedinthreeSynopticgospels:Mat
 thew,[10:1–4]Mark,[3:13–19]andLuke,[6:12–16]andalsoappearsasoneofthewitnessesof
 theAscension[Acts1:4,12,13];however,eachtimeheisnamedinthecompanyofPhilip.Heisn
 otmentionedinGospelofJohn.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-
navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.
Kosmas was the author of a stolen world- geography and a book on stolen Kerala
astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is
certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of
consciousness, and there also sight is created from understanding.  For there
understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from
visible light.”

Consciousness ?

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history—
********************************************************************************
WHITE SLAVERY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Recently I saw a program of TV .

A young pretty teacher , who chucked her job in USA, was being egged on by the
Indian TV presenter, to say how the call of patriotism gravitated her back to
India.



I have seen a train load of men without balls-- this female had it. She had
character too.

She cried, yet she came out with the naked truth.

On the first day itself with her heart pounding with excitement, as she was
gonna teach in the land on milk and honey, she got the rudest shock of her life.

All her students aged 16 to 18, were rude to here. One of them called her a
fuc#in'  bitch.

The last straw was when one huge black guy sitting in the front row whipped out
his huge stiff member and started masturbating, all the time looking at her
figure with a glazed look on his face.

She continued till the end of class and then ran to the teachers wash room to
cry and wash her face. There she saw her colleague crying loudly like a wounded
animal . Another pretty teacher , from a poor family in India had joined the
same day. This lady had taken loans to secure a job and travel there, and there
were huge expectations back home.

In her class it was a weird white guy with cold sores on his lips and punk hair
do, who did the honors with his tiny flaccid member. She was called bitch by a
black girl.

Both resigned their jobs and left within a week.

It seems to me that the whole idea of having good lookin' and docile female
teachers were to improve student attendance.  They were told by the Dean to wish
students first, as soon as they entered the class and to be tolerant. If
students failed, they would be held responsible.

In India, where a teacher ( Guru ) is held in highest respect, like God,  this
was a cultural shocker..

IT IS NOT OFTEN PEOPLE COME OUT WITH THE TRUTH.

What made me write all this?

Today I saw a Hollywood movie TAKEN, starring Liam Neeson.

THIS MOVIE EXPOSED " WHITE SLAVERY".

Kudos to the makers of this movie for exposing the horrors of kidnapped young
underage pretty white girls from good families.

Well i have become a Liam Neeson's fan, after seeing his restrained performance.

I used to be a Charles Bronson fan in my child hood days. A real hero, not prone
to extravagant melodrama.

This movie TAKEN just touches the tip of the iceberg.



Movie dialogues which made my day--

Bryan: ( Neeson )  I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you
are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have
are a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long
career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my
daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not
pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will
kill you.


Marko: ( Albanian Slave trader in Paris )[after a long pause] Good luck!


Finally, after he caught up with Marko--


Bryan: A friend gave this to me. Its Albanian. You mind translating it?  Marko:
[translates paper] "Good luck".  Bryan: You don't remember me? We spoke on the
phone two days ago. I told you I would find you!

Another timeless gem--

Bryan: Now's not the time for measuring dick , Stuart!

I am a sailor, who has spend nearly 4 decades of my life sailing all around the
world.

I remember, in the old communist days prior to 1991, Russia was such a happy
country. There was NO jealousy, ego or greed. All were equal. Simple cheap
pleasures, like just eating a lump of sugar made them happy. The old and aged
were the happiest. Today these poor grandparents are the living and walking
dead.  Everybody is unhappy, including the rich in cars.

There was nothing called prostitution for money in Russia.

As young cadets, in the early seventies , I remember the fantastic days we had
in Chevchenko Park of Odessa , ( Shivshankar for us ) a huge open air dance
floor, with hundreds of pretty young Russian girls -- all wanting a dance, and
some Wriggleys chewing gum, which we had in plenty in our bulging pockets.
Indians were treated with love because India was the world's biggest democracy
supporting "so called" evil Russia. We could come back to ship at 2 AM, the
guards would allow us, all other nationalities went to the cooler.

What follows here is some true information I received from a young gorgeous blue
eyed Ukranian girl in Tel Aviv Riveria, whose house was near Chevchenko park ,
-- her mother had told stories of the open air dances.

Well she was a trapped prostitute, with NO WAY OUT , who sat next to me in the
open beer bar at the beach.

Let me call her Natasha . She has this look of innocence.

At midnight this Tel Aviv beach is full of life and brightly lit like daylight,
and the sea shimmers . My hotel was on the Riviera beach front, where I stayed 2
days. Natasha spoke English like a British lady, told me some horrifying
stories, all true I guess , because she cried.

Before that let me digress , to my ship, form which I got down at Haifa. The
agency has an Jewish Indian girl from Mumbai, and she loved to come on my ship
and eat spicy Biriyani-- she was from Mumbai. She had told me that all Russian
girls in Israel are home breakers, and that they all have affairs with married
Jewish men . According to her the Russian girls chased men to be mistresses.

This was far from the stories Natasha told me--

Before that let me digress, --

I went to the cabin of my Russian Third Mate, as part of a routine Captains
Inspection. On his cabin bulkhead was a huge coloured poster or a gorgeous blue
eyed beauty.

I asked him  " Who is she?  Is she a star in Russia, like  Anna Kournikova"?

He said " No Captain, she is my wife!, We got married 2 months ago!"

About 2 weeks after that when I went on bridge to write my night orders , in the
Third Mate's watch, I found that he had neglected certain routine and essential
log entries in the GPS log.

I got pissed off and demanded an explanation.

He said that he had a very long conversation with his wife, on Satcom phone ,
and that she had secured a amazingly well paying and good job outside Russia,
and they were discussing the options.

I said " Tell me more! You are NOT off the hook yet !!"

This job was offered to her by a Jewish Ex-Russian from Israel. And the whole
strange thing was, that  the broker did NOT want her to discuss it with her
husband. The contract was for three months, and she would be home with pots of
dollars, before her husband came back from ship. Her unmarried best friend was
going too , and was eager that she also go along , so that two is company and
comfort.

I asked " Have you seen her best friend? Is she beautiful like your wife ?"

He said " She is more beautiful. We all stayed since childhood in a huge housing
complex having 500 families "

I asked him " Did , you allow her?"

He smiled " Of course NOT!  She will just disappear and will never come back
home !! "

Patting his back I said  " Smart boy! Never mind that I just chewed you up"--
and then went down to my cabin.

THE WHITE SLAVERY OF PRETTY YOUNG GIRLS IN ISRAEL IS NOT BEING ADDRESSED BY
ANYBODY.

FOR YOU CAN BE CALLED  " ANTI SEMITIC "  AND ROASTED FOR BEING RACIST.   FOR
JEWS ARE PROTECTED SPECIES LIKE PENGUINS , RIGHT?

Natasha , I don't know if you are alive or dead--both ways,  this post is
dedicated to you--

Natasha was lured to Israel using the bait of a well paid secretary job in a big
company, as she spoke good English.

Since her parents were living in abject poverty with ration coupons, and NO food
at home, she said yes to the job. There was NO other way to improve the economic
status . Her brother had gone into heavy drinking had a bad liver, and was
irresponsible.

She qualified as a Israeli citizen,  as her grand parents were Jews.

Once she arrived in Israel , by walking trough the Egyptian desert, her Passport
with Visa was destroyed. Even before she crossed the border, she was raped. That
was the first time she knew that all girls would be going into sex-trade-- the
rapist told her so!

Unlike other Russian prostitutes, she had a much better life, and lived in
luxury , as she spoke excellent English, and was just 19 years old and
beautiful. So she catered to rich men from cultured families. But these men
would force her to do bizarre dirty deeds, which cannot be discussed in this
post. They would come to her apartment with their round head caps in their
pockets..

Since she was slim, and had the innocent frail child like look of a 15 year old
girl, it was assumed that she was a minor, and all these men were addicted to
child pornography.

The rest of the lot were literally like in the Hollywood movie TAKEN, all
drugged and helpless. Most of them came to Cairo airport and then by car and
then by forced marches in the Egyptian desert night, escorted by gunmen.

The police had a hand in the slave trade ,  for if you complain, the next day a
voice would come on phone telling the house address back home in East Europe,
the names of her parents and brother and sisters, and how they looked like and
which school they are going to, and the colour of their pet cat. The threat was
simple--we will burn them.

Unlike Bangkok where girls came into the trade voluntarily to make the fast
buck, here the girls are all duped.

If they insisted on condom or made the mistake of laughing ( which an ugly Jew
customer took as ridicule ), they would be beaten up , in such a way, it left no
marks.

Soldiers and policemen in uniform got heavy discounts. So sometimes escaped
prostitutes got dragged back by men in uniform. Some of the best ones were used
by the military itself for honey traps. It is all a big racket.

No condom means, some girls got pregnant. Abortion was done in back alleys, and
some died and were called missing.

THIS IS A MAJOR PUNISHABLE DIFFERENCE.

THIS IS WHITE SLAVERY!



IF ANY OF THESE WHITE WOMEN WERE FROM ENGLISH SPEAKING COUNTRIES LIKE ENGLAND OR
AUSTRALIA, WE ALL KNOW IT WOULD HAVE ENDED LONG BACK.

IS THIS THE RETRIBUTION FOR BEING ON THE OTHER SIDE DURING THE COLD WAR?

-- OR ,  IS THIS JUST A MULTI BILLION DOLLAR RACKET INVOLVING RESPECTED JEWISH
MEN.
********************************************************************************
LEE VAN CLEEF, THE CULT FIGURE OF WESTERN MOVIES-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL THIS
TRAIN WILL STOP AT TUCUMCARI !!





http://youtu.be/o1DcFhaCCwI

CLICK ON THE LINK ABOVE-- when you need power-- when you want to tell your
detractors, something will happen whether they like it on not-- they will have
to just LUMP IT!

 

The fact that Lee Van Cleef does NOT have a star on the Holly wood walk of fame
shows, it is all bullshit with a capital B.

Lee did NOT toe the Jewish line, who wanted him to do plastic surgery on his
nose. So we are stuck with Chikkoo ( smooth ) Jewish lookin' Hollywood heroes.
We are supposed the believe that these Chikkoos are the new symbols all the ALL
MALE HERO!!

Anybody who has seen the super hits "The good, the bad and the ugly" and " For a
few dollars more" will know that without Lee Van Cleef's commanding presence
these movies are NOT worth it. He upstages hero Clint Eastwood in both these
movies, as the villain and anti-hero.

I am reminded of his manly rugged looks and 6 feet 3 inches tall steely presence
as " Angel eyes " the greedy gun slinger and the stalking evil,  in "The good,
the bad and the ugly".



His hawk nose, his high cheekbones, chiseled sharp face, his sinister leer,
tight facial skin , mouth with a curled and amused snarl, his Machiavellian
smile, his piercing eyes --

-- a wonderfully alive face , that forced all to give him that second look.

-- a sort of coiled reptilian spring ready to strike without warning , with a
-- low ultrasound menacing growl.

-- he really filled up the screen.

He was the kind of villain who would kill you , just to see the look on your
face.

http://youtu.be/wgyWgEPeY2o It was film director Stanley Kramer who first
noticed him as a tough as nails, bad to the bone villain.

Rest is history.

IF YOU HAD TO SYMBOLICALLY REPRESENT A SPAGHETTI WESTERN MOVIE, IT WOULD BE THIS
FACE BELONGING TO THE AWESOME LEE VAN CLEEF..

Where have all the charismatic actors gone?



RIP--Lee Van Cleef, --  never mind the Oscar and the Hall of Fame. You are above
all this riff raff.

So says your die-hard fans, of which I am No1.


It is pathetic to see the Jewish Hollywood kingmakers ( almost all of Hollywood
is controlled by Rothschild and Jew money ) pushing heroes and heroines with
THEIR TYPE OF JEWISH LOOKS. So next time you see a shit looking Hollywood
success story , and wonder how he/she made it large, you will understand the
silly secret behind this.

Your one liner in For a few dollars more -- " This train will stop at Tucumcari
", is the greatest ever!.

Time will bear me out !!


Next time anybody says to you he wont do something you want -- or something wont
happen the way you want ,-- just utter this bad ass line, and see the reaction.

All Indians know know Gabbar Singh , the greatest villain of Bollywood movie and
his timeless one liner in Sholay " Ab Tera kya  hoga kaaliya?". ( Now, what
could happen to you, Kaaliya?") -- while playing Russian roulette with him.


Ask any Indian abroad, and if he does NOT know it-- he is only a pseudo Indian.
********************************************************************************
QUANTUM MEDICINE ASHWAGANDHA AND YOUR BRAIN- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


All of you are very familiar with Chinese Gingsing.

We in India have a much better one called Aswagandha.

It was during Bodhi Dharma's visit  that the Chinese got to know about
Ashwagandha root.

It is NOT possible to grow Ashwagandha in China considering the soil and
climate. Hence they used their own version, which is now available all over the
world, and was marketed aggressively by China, before their Industrial
explosion..



Ashwagandha is an Ayurvedic quantum medicine, which comes under the category of
Rasayana ( tonic ) , used by Maharshis to prevent ageing of the brain ( senility
) , agility of brain and and for memory power.



It keeps you in a happy and peaceful frame of mind. It stimulates the growth of
axons and dendrites. Glial cells exist in the white matter of your brain, which
is 10 times more than grey matter, we all talk about. They enhance the speed of
neurological transmission and also help form synaptic circuits.



To think outside the box means you brain had now to fire synaptic patterns in
different orders and arrangements to make a new level of mind., based on what
you do NOT know. Cortisol produced during stress response degenerates your
brain.



Most of you by the age of 50 cant use your brains anymore , yet you keep quiet,
thinking nobody will notice it. You are now the pretender, nobody wants in your
workplace.



Anxiety feeds anxiety as a continuous feedback loop-- a neural network of worry.
Being in survival mode does not evolve your brain.






Only the frontal lobe of your brain can keep you in the present moment.

WHEN YOUR FRONTAL LOBE IS ACTIVATED YOU HAVE FOCUS , CLARITY, CONCENTRATION AND
PRO ACTIVENESS, TO KEEP YOU IN THE ZONE OR THE SWEET SPOT.



You only perceive what your brain is organised to tell you. Only mind has
influence on quantum particles. Knowing your thoughts help you to control the
environment, instead of the environment controlling you. If your brain
connectors atrophy with age they cannot branch out and made new connections.

Your hippocalmus need to back up memories of the day. Depression and stress
suppresses the body immune system. As you grow older you don't have the rapid
burst of nerve impulses which made you duck when something is gonna hit you with
a sucker punch.


Stress ages the brain. Your mind operated though 2 parallel modes, conscious and
subconscious.

Parkingson's is a degenerating brain disease

So if you are afraid of getting amnesia , or you need a brain tonic you know
what to do.

The other preventive/ cure uses of Ashwagandha are --

Panic attacks and sweating the small stuff Depression Anti oxidising / free
radicals neutralising Sexual performance enhancing and semen count enhancing
Inability to sleep Premature ageing

There are about 2 dozen strains of this plant. Some are more potent than others.
********************************************************************************
THE POOR SAILOR , TERMINAL SHORE LEAVE RESTRICTIONS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This is gonna be my last blog-  shall resume after another 5 months.


I know this post will be read by whoever matters in the Marine industry. I do
have a wide spectrum of readership via my blog site.

It has become fashionable of late for Western Chemical and Oil terminals to play
God and King makers with sailors.

The US terminals are the worst.

Previously only Saudi immigration and Iranian Immigration did this to us.

Quoting some bullshit clause of ISPS-- they do NOT allow sailors to go ashore.

Who has given these people this authority? Who are they to restrict sailors
shore leave?

In my last port in USA, the terminal said " We will allow only 5 people to go
ashore!"

This forced me to put my foot down and say " Sorry, All my crew will go ashore,
and I will go ashore too!"--and I did -- just to show I am a free man and do NOT
run a slave ship.

This Houston terminal ( a girl ) sent back my Muslim Indonesian fitter 3 times
from the gate -- first for NOT using a approved car to the gate, 2nd time for
NOT wearing a helmet , and third time for -- hold your breath--for wearing
Bermudas which fell short of his shoes by 15 inches.

Finally he decided NOT to go ashore, he had NOT been ashore for 4 months . All
he wanted was to buy a laptop from Best Buy for his son.

Would she DARE to do this to a Christian blue eyed and blonde man?

All Masters must take up the matter in black and white if any US terminal
restricts shore leave. This also applies if food is NOT allowed to be brought to
ship by the Chandler.

Only the US immigration can curtail shore leave!-- and that too with valid
reasons-- provided you are NOT in their black list. And I am sure slavery does
NOT exist in USA anymore.

We shall see!

We shall over come!!   This is why MLC 2006/ ILO  will soon be a SMS manual. The
human element is paramount.
********************************************************************************
MYSTERIES BENEATH THE EGYPTIAN SPHINX - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

SINKHOLES , EDGAR CAYCE PREDICTIONS,  SECRET VAULTS BENEATH THE SPHINX










5 months ago, i took my wife and kids for a 3D Hollywood movie SANCTUM directed
by James Cameroon ( of Titanic and Avatar fame ).





After the show , we went for a midnight drive and sat at the Calicut Riveria for
a while. My 2 children could not believe what they saw in the movie, and asked
if if the underwater tunnels were real , or if was all a fake . They were like
WOW1

I told them what they saw was an actual SINK HOLE in Papau New Guinea, where my
ship traded.  I have been almost all over Papaua new Guinea--Port Moresby,
Rabaul, Kimbe, Lae, Madang, Alotau, Wewak, Kavieng etc. In fact in that
particular sinkhole there were deadly snakes, which the movie unit never saw,
and hence they are lucky. Usually such Cobras, protect diamonds .

Then my younger son aked me, " Which is the most famous sink hole in the world?"

I said " Without doubt , it is under the Egyptian Sphinx-- this planet does NOT
know about it yet. Sinkholes can travel thousands of miles , especially if ann
underground river exists. In the past there used to be the UNDERGROUND river
Nile. Now it appears that dues to tectonic shifts only the overground Nile
exists".




My wife asked me " re you sure , or are you just bluffing , for you never told
me all this when we visited the Sphinx. "



So I told here " Baby, you never asked me!"



Now let me jump into it--



Sinkholes happen because soft rock is eroded away by flowing water, causing a
collapse.



Edgar Cayce the modern Nostrodamus, had predicted the existance of enormous
underground chambers under the Sphinx, which he said was the " Hall of records "
to the lost Civilization of Atlantis.



I have respect for Edgar Cayce as most of his readings while under trance spoke
about what was already written in our 7000 year old Hindu Vedas. He was a
staunch Christian and NOT a Hindu, yet he was able to speak freely about
important matters of Vedic Sanatana Dharma, which our invaders converted to the
word Hinduism.



Edgar Cayce had said Jesus Christ had visited India ( Kerala actually ) before
he bust upon the scene at Jerusalem at the age of 27. He came to Kerala to raise
his Kundalini, learn astrology, divine geometry / golden ratio ( used in
pyramids )  and Reiki. The ancient Vaishnavites ( followers of Vishnu -the
preserver god ) with 12 strand DNA were great dowsers.


By the way, the architects of the Pyramids and the Sphinx were Vaishnavites from
Kerala , who put a U mark on their foreheads. Jesus after his 3 year meditation
course in Kerala went by ship to visit the Sphinx and pyramids, before he went
to Jerusalem.

Jesus checked out the Vedic Sri Yantra divine geometry and the golden ratio of
the Pyramids.



He also checked out the Orgone blue plasma glow from the apex of the pyramids.










By the way last week a 24 billion US dollar gold and diamond treasure was found
in a minor but ancient Sri Padmanabhaswami temple in Kerala where the main diety
is Vishnu.


The main 2 vaults have NOT been opened yet, due to security problems and
judicial orders. This temple has 365 pillars.








Lord Ayyappa whose Sabarimala temple attract 50 billion visitors a year (
largest in the world ) is also an avatar of Vishnu with a U mark on forehead.




Sphinx was carved on a single mass of lime stone and put in place over the
sinkhole, by using water power.



Like in Panama canal a hundred thousand ton heavy ships are floated up by a
lockgate system.




Even today if you did 15 feet under the Sphinx , you get sweet water.


Burning of Incense is indicated on the tablet at the Sphinx. The Vaishavites
would NOT worhip ( Pharoah too without Incense , from speacial Aloe Vera plant ,
produced in Kerala. Later the Kerala sailors had planted Aloe Vera closer to
Egypt at Socotra and Salalah in Oman.







 


The Egyptian Sphinx is the Vishnu avatar Narasimham.  When offshoots break off
from the main religion or culture they mirror it.   So Sphinx has face of man
and body of lion.

For example Buddha Swastika is left handed while Vedic Swastika is right handed.
At Mecca the pilgrims go around the horizontal Shiva Lingam black stone 7 times
anti-clockwise, while older religion Hinduism ( by 10000 years )  go 7 times
clockwise around the vertical black meterorite stone. Yanks have LH drive while
Brits have RH drive etc.






Niagra falls is a sink hole too-- surprised?

Check out the video below about Vimanas 7000 BC--flying saucers.
********************************************************************************
I DID IT MY WAY-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





I DID IT MY WAY--


And now the end is near


So I face the final curtain

My friend, I'll say it clear

I'll state my case of which I'm certain



I've lived a life that's full

I've traveled each and every highway

And more, much more than this

I did it my way



Regrets, I've had a few

But then again, too few to mention

I did what I had to do

And saw it through without exception



I planned each charted course

Each careful step along the byway

Oh, and more, much more than this

I did it my way



Yes, there were times, I'm sure you know

When I bit off more than I could chew

But through it all when there was doubt



I ate it up and spit it out

I faced it all and I stood tall

And did it my way



I've loved, I've laughed and cried

I've had my fails, my share of losing

And now as tears subside

I find it all so amusing



To think I did all that

And may I say, not in a shy way

Oh, no, no not me

I did it my way



For what is a man, what has he got

If not himself, then he has not

To say the words he truly feels

And not the words he would reveal



The record shows I took the blows

And did it my way

The record shows I took the blows

And did it my way

Less...








How many of you, do it YOUR WAY?

Whose life are you living?

Be yourself,  everyone else is taken.
********************************************************************************
CRACKED HEELS AND PRAYER MARKS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



If you see the picture above you know what i mean.

It is usual to see pretty women with repulsive YUCK cracked heels, and average
looking women with dainty heels.



It is NOT a cosmetic problem, as most men find their heel fissures VERY painful,
especially in cold weather when the thick skin gets hard, fissures start
bleeding and start getting infected.

-- the whole planet has dived into CURE, with not a single thought given to
-- PREVENTION.

Did some wise bird not tweet , that prevention is better than cure?

-- the most cerebral cure experts can find is to put some moisturising cream
-- ---which is again a cure.

Thousands of pedicure clinics survive on keeping this situation alive, and they
laugh all the way to the bank.

-- the same way all dentists will be most unhappy , if all in town have healthy
-- teeth.

Or a cardiologist would think of moving out of town,  if all have healthy
hearts.

Thick skin ALWAYS occurs at the "outer edge"  part of the heels --

why--  pray?

prithee?

It is because this area is a pressure point, when you sleep on the bed with face
up. This causes skin callus.



Now matter how often you scrap off the thick dry skin in this area, cracks soon
comes back, like a bad penny.

Whenever there is  PRESSURE POINT ON THE FEET, a callus will develop, due to
lack of blood circulation and sweat pores.

FOR PREVENTION--TRY SLEEPING WITH YOUR FACE DOWN OR ON YOU SIDES.

--  for folks who keep coming face up automatically during the sleep, try over
--  hanging your heels two inches off the bed.

--or use a VERY soft bed.

-- or make a one inch depression in your hard mattress ( back problem party )
-- for your heel to snugly sink into  --

avoid wearing open back chappals, especially if you are obese.

now let me talk about a different type of callus--

the one of the forehead of Muslims.

25 years ago i had a young 17 year old cadet being brought into my cabin , for
introduction-- by the third mate who was also a Muslim.

I did NOT feel that the equation was right, as the 2nd ship Cadet was being
given unwarranted respect by the third mate.

I noticed the USUAL black callus on his forehead, i asked the boy in an innocent
" what it that black mark on your forehead ".  In Calicut where there is a large
Muslim population, I knew what this mark was.

After years of doing Namaz prayer, by the forehead touching the hard ground or
prayer mat, at the same pressure point, thousands of times, some get skin
callus, some get skin allergy.

The callus can be similar to the shin on your elbow. The allergy is similar to
the ones people with specs get on their nose at the bridge.

The third mate immediately responds " It is a Namaz prayer mark ".

I commented " You don't have to be his mouth piece too.  At this tender young
age of  17, it is NOT possible to get such a callus skin mark, or even an
allergy spot.  I suspect that you have put some acid, or rubbed with stone at
that spot "( this is the age of stone washed jeans ).

I knew this , because in Egypt, young men do it, as a fashion. They call it the
ZEBIBA patch.  They circumvent a lifetime of devotion by an pious old man to
Allah, by a simple acid and limestone stone procedure.

It was commonplace to hear  " On the day of the judgement, this black forehead
callus mark makes all the difference, and a white fluorescent light will emanate
form the spot". They got pretty girls to marry, from high families too.--

" After all Islamic character is something, right?

getting back-- The young cadet and third mate  immediately took offence.

Here was a Hindu infidel captain trying to belittle Islamic traditions. Both
boys took an indignant cocky stance.

So i went into my bed room , took out my Talcum powder ( Yardley -- used on my
arm pits ) and I sprinkled the white powder liberally on the cabin floor.

And then i told the cadet " I will give you a chance to prove herself.  I am
VERY VERY severe with people who try to hijack religion to gain leverage-- like
you have the third mate already acting as your personal peon.  You are welcome
to do namaz the way you do.   I want to see if the white powder mark will
coincide with the black mark on your forehead .




IF IT COINCIDES , I WILL APOLOGISE TO YOU IN WRITING, AND ALSO GIVE YOU MY
ENTIRE BALANCE OF WAGES .

BUT IF DOES NOT I WILL KICK YOUR FUCKIN' ASS,  AND SEND YOU HOME !!!!.



I knew by the body language, that the cadet would NOT even dare to try.



check out the zebiba muslim namaz prayer bump mark above--

So i said " Son, you are forgiven. Let this be a lesson to you.  Be yourself.
Never ever try to grab power, as an intoxicant, in future. Never get caught
doing it too. You should NOT have made the black prayer mark on the CONCAVE part
of your forehead. "




I watched the boy for the next 3 months--he was OK.

When i was going down the gangway, after signing off,  he touched my feet and
told me, that that bizzare incident was the most important lesson of his life,
and he is a good Muslim now.

Below :  See the skin allergy cum pressure point black spots on my 55 year old
ageing nose-- delivered by the plastic perch of my reading glasses --now I can
look very erudite as the mark is on the right place-- imagine I had this mark
half a centimeter higher-- whom am I gonna fool ?  Myself ?
********************************************************************************
RENEGADE TESLA TECHNOLOGY, HAARP -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



HAARP, WOODPECKER USING RENEGADE TESLA TECHNOLOGY--





World war 3 will be won by scalar electromagnetic weapons, EMP's and
psychotronic weapons-- NOT nuclear bombs.




Several mysterious air crashes , deadly hurricanes, earth quakes and tsunamis
manufactured by man, in the past decade – nobody wants to talk about it, gearing
that they will tread on important toes.




When Nicola Tesla discovered in 1901 ,that power could be transmitted by ELF
though the earth with no loss of power -- little would he have imagined that
things will reach this stage –




In order to stop Russian missiles in the 80's a whole STARWARS antenna system
was born. HAARP is High Altitude Auroral Resonance Project. That means that they
can beam off satellites and send vortexes to any place on earth that they want
to. They can send lasers down and melt structures out of buildings




Super genius Tesla had developed a box. He had a friend in jail and wanted to
get him out. So he developed a sound device. As he could beam it wherever he
wanted to, he beamed it to the jail and the jail actually started to come apart.
The police went to Tesla's house and arrived as he was there with an axe
smashing up the black box.

By 1904, Tesla had developed transmitters to harness scalar energy from one
transmitter to another, undetectably bypassing time and space. He could just
materialize it from one place to another allegedly through hyperspace, without
the use of wires, it was just sucked right out of the space- time/vacuum and
into a transmitter and into a beam which could be targeted to another
transmitter.



Nikola Tesla was the first to discover the scalar wave. He used induction coils
to create these scalar waves. He had conducted many experiments while sending
scalar waves around the Earth proving that scalar waves propagate over long
distances with no loss in field strength. Unlike our current familiar
electromagnetic wave that dissipates and looses its energy at a rate equal to
the square of the distance from the source, Tesla’s longitudinal waves could
travel any distance with practically no loss of energy.




HAARP ( high freq active auroral research program ) of rival camps are now being
used to DOCTOR the ionosphere for military needs-- it is radio wave beaming
technology which heats up areas of the ionosphere. HAARP is the largest of the
so-called 'ionospheric heaters'. The ionosphere begins approximately 35 miles
above the surface and extends out beyond 500 miles.





HAARP disrupts the entire electromagnetic shield of the planet affecting the
biosphere. Our planet is surrounded by a layer of electrically charged particles
called the ionosphere. The lower layer of the ionosphere is roughly 60-80
kilometres from the crust, and this charged layer reflects radio waves.
Bombardment by HAARP signals "pushes" out this boundary layer, thus altering the
natural, pulsating rhythm.



Since the ionosphere is a highly charged layer, it forms a so-called capacitor
with the Earth. This means that there is a difference in electrical potential
between the two, the Earth being negatively charged and the ionosphere being
positively charged. This potential varies somewhat, but is around 200 volts per
metre. This is a fundamental type of electrical generator. The solar winds,
interacting with the upper atmosphere rotation, act as the collector and brushes
of a generator. The lower atmosphere can be seen as a storage battery for this
gradient potential.




The disruption of the earth's internal dynamo, and the disruption of the upper
atmospheric magnetic belts (which constitute the external part of the earth's
natural dynamo system), can create a premature reversal of the magnetic poles,
worsen the wobble ( precession ) of the earth's spin and possibly create a total
polar reversal or earth shift.


Two scalar antennae together along with the computers to control them, make up a
scalar interferometer. These interferometers are called "Tesla Howitzers." They
can deliver a giant blast of energy to the distant target site.


In the "exothermic" mode of operation immense EM energy blasts outward at the
target site. The howitzer can use a lesser exothermic power setting and simply
destroy all electronics in the target area. Thus they can render our nuclear
missiles inoperable as they sit in their silos by "frying" the electronic
circuits that guide them. They can bring down any airplane, anywhere in the
world, at any time. Any person anywhere, if their exact position is known, can
be assassinated without a shot being fired.


The howitzers can also bring down power grids and disable electronics anywhere
in the world, at any time. In "endothermic" mode, the howitzer sucks energy out
of the target area, essentially creating a blast of cold at the distant target.
It is even capable of freezing parts of the ocean. "cold explosions" have been
witnessed, mostly by airline pilots.




In the endothermic mode the sucked-out energy must go somewhere, so it is vented
out at some other chosen spot on the earth. By using both of these hot
(exothermic) and cold (endothermic) modes together the weather can be altered
anywhere. Warm the air over here, cool it down over there, put a curl in the jet
stream, dissipate clouds, create clouds, whip up a tornado. In its endothermic
mode of operation the interferometers suck out heat rather that injecting
energy.



The weapons trigger the release of immense energy from the vacuum at the precise
target location , it could be under the earth, in space, or under the sea on
tectonic plates .



In the fightening "Mindsnapper" or psychotronic mode, it affetcs the
electromagnetic mind-body connection. Being mind-snapped at a low level would
cause you to lose consciousness. Being mind- snapped at a slightly higher power
would "entrain" all minds in the target area into a kind of hypnogogic trance, a
state in which they would all be highly susceptible to suggestions and orders.



Being mind-snapped at high level would so disrupt the mind-body connection that
everyone in the target area would fall down, instantly dead. Not only that,
everything around you and inside you would be killed, so that your sterilized
body would not rot for quite a long time.




"Set in the high intensity pulse mode, one blast and a person's nervous system
"is destroyed instantly.. It's the peak power that's important, not the average
"power. Every living cell in the body is killed instantly, including all
"bacteria, germs, etc.




Anybody hit with this thing falls like a limp rag and lies where it falls. It
doesn't decay in two months. In a macabre fashion, it's been reduced to
something like food irradiated with nuclear radiation; everything is killed, so
the material is preserved for an extended period before any decay can set in.



With scalar EM pulse, the personnel die instantly. All electronic systems of the
tank are dudded. Total systems kill is achieved.



The scalar electromagnetics revolution has made all previous forms of warfare
nearly obsolete. scalar EM beams will easily penetrate the earth or the ocean,
one Camouflage, cover, and concealment have no effect on such a system. One can
easily look inside buildings and into underground facilities



The sun, earth and moon (actually the whole solar system) is a delicately
balanced arrangement of scalar (longitudinal) EM radiation. There is a scalar
connection between the earth and the sun, which are both giant dipoles gushing
energy in the time domain



The mind is electromagnetic in nature, and itself of the time-domain. It is not
observable in 3-space. The longitudinal scalar EM waves are of the time-domain.
By overlaying certain infolded patterns (oscillations in time) on the
longitudinal waves, a thought or feeling may be made to arise in a person or
persons who are in the interference zone (where the wave beams cross).


The longitudinal wave pattern might be a wave of panic or fear that
spontaneously sweeps over you, perhaps inexplicably. It could even be in the
form of a sudden intense patriotism.. Or it could be rage and hatred, angry and
violent. It could also be a continuous sense of docility and placidity.

The seemingly magical operations of psychoenergetics, sometimes called
"psychotronics," cannot be achieved with ordinary transverse EM wave energy. But
they are possible with longitudinal scalar waves because the mind itself is
scalar in nature.

The mind is a very special kind of electromagnetic system, existing in the time
domain...

The engineering of the mind can only be accomplished with the waves of time.

The collective unconscious is becoming engineerable, "ant world," making us
drones (slaves) to the whims of the scalar engineers. These scalar engineers
have been teasing and scorning the whole world for 3 decades by crop circles.

Complete manipulation of spacetime by interferometry of scalar (longitudinal)
wave patterns, which patterns then arise in the minds of all the people in the
target area. Everyone in the target area thinks everything is normal. Everyone
thinks everything is just grand!




The quick and easy way to get the longitudinal waves to the people and that is
by using the entire electrical power grid of the nation as a kind of antenna, so
that the scalar patterns will be broadcast through the grid, right up to your
toaster. In psychoenergetic mode it allows you to control the minds of your
populace in a precision fashion. For example, riots will be no problem in the
future due to the broadcasting of sedative effects, longitudinal wave patterns
of peacefulness and docility.




The minds of the people of the world are now at risk of intrusion at the most
intimate mental and emotional level.




Mind is of the time domain, it is "time-like," it is a scalar electromagnetic
manifestation. If the mind is in fact a scalar phenomenon, then it might be able
to feel a contact from other scalar phenomena, and be influenced by them.



The remote control of a man's mind, causing, via scalar interferometry, thoughts
to arise in the mind of that man, which he considers to be his own thought.



Only scalar electromagnetic interferometry works at the level of the mind
itself. Their powers range from hypnogogic trance to the "entrained mind," to
feeling a strong intent, to an obsession to do an act, to confusion, to a deep
induced sleep, or a dreamlike state, or all the way up to psychotic and
deranged, or even a triggering of the very pleasure center of the brain itself.
Bliss or psychic hell at the flip of a switch.




Portable interferometers would give current drug users a "hit" of the desired
state of consciousness, and thus obviate the need for drugs.



If any missile was missed or was fired it could be detected by the Russians'
Woodpecker Grid and put out of commission with the same scalar interferometers.



It is the Quantum Potential Weapon. It can be used to "broadcast" even physical
disease over a wide populace without the need of the infectious organism itself.
Don’t even think that AIDS, SARS , FLU viruses without DNA are all protein
scientist matter.


Matter is not a condensed substance but a diffuse form of energy. The internal
longitudinal wave in the electromagnetic wave is the fundamental wave and exists
in all known electromagnetic fields of any shape. The scalar component of the
electromagnetic wave can be created from two opposing electromagnetic waves, a
wave and its anti wave. Both waves will cancel each other’s electrical and
magnetic field components when the waves are in phase spatially but 180 degrees
out of phase temporally The result is an electromagnetic scalar wave.



This scalar wave travels in the time domain and it is completely different from
the transverse electromagnetic wave, which travels through three dimensional
space. The conversion of scalar electromagnetic energy into transverse
electromagnetic energy is called scalar interferometry and is the result of two
interfering scalar waves. It is the opposite effect to the self-cancelling of
two transverse electromagnetic waves which creates the scalar wave.



When scalar waves are created by a dipole, such as a battery, a generator or a
permanent magnet with two poles, the polarisation of charge will create scalar
waves that rush between the dipole and the vacuum. Every dipole in the universe
from the atom with its positive and negative charges, to the Earth and the Sun
with its magnetic fields and all the other heavenly bodies in the universe
radiate scalar waves, so basically scalar waves are everywhere in the universe,
they fill the vacuum of space making it a plenum of zero point energy.


Anti Nato group testing of their longitudinal electromagnetic weapons. It would
seem that the mysterious appearance of crop circles around the world could be
accomplished by feeding a precise mathematical graphic pattern into the
computerized aiming software and change the very molecular structure of the
crops themselves along the lines of that pattern. The stalks fall over from the
localized effect of the longitudinal waves.

HAARP's massive antenna-array (360 Nos 72 foot tall antennas, over a thirty-
three acre field, acting as one giant array) is managed by the US Air Force and
US Navy in Gakona, Alaska (200 miles east of Anchorage). It heats the upper
atmosphere with a focused and steerable electromagnetic beam designed to
simulate and control ionospheric process. Gigawatts of effective radiated power
of high frequency radio energy are pumped into the ionosphere. The transmitter
(a particle injection device) can produce a beam anywhere from several miles to
several tens of miles in radius, using the 2.5-10 megahertz frequency range, at
more than 3 gigawatts of power (3 billion watts) creating plumes of charged
particles.




HAARP a "skybuster" since it effectively slices through the ionosphere like a
microwave knife, producing a long tear or incision.



HAARP high-frequency emissions can couple with longwave (low-frequency, or ELF)
pulses the Earth grid uses to distribute information as vibrations to
synchronize the dance of life in the biosphere. He terms this geomagnetic action
'Earth's information bloodstream", and claims it is probable that coupling HAARP
HF (high-frequency) with natural ELF (extremely low frequency) can cause
unplanned, unsuspected side effects.



As the Earth rotates, HAARP slices across geomagnetic flux (a donut-shaped spool
of magnetic strings like longitude meridians on maps). HAARP may not 'cut' these
strings in the magnetic mantle, but does pulse each thread with harsh,
disharmonious high frequencies, whose noisy impulses vibrate geomagnetic flux
lines, sensing shuddering vibrations throughout the geomagnetic web. We can only
conjecture at this point about its effects on the foundations of human
electromagnetic function.




Earth discharges the buildup of heat, relieving stress and tectonic strain
through earthquakes and volcanic action.




Ionospheric heaters deliberately create instabilities in the plasma layer of the
ionosphere to rev up the the energy level of charged particles. This results
also in electronic rain from the sky -- electron precipitation from the
magnetosphere. It is caused by man-made very low frequency EM waves. The
precipitated particles can produce secondary ionization, emit X-rays, and cause
significant perturbation in the lower atmosphere, potentially affecting human
brainwaves, and even our evolution,



HAARP can be employed for nefarious weather modification, which can also damage
the ozone layer and cause earthquakes. An electronic beam can ionize or de-
ionize the atmosphere over a given area, including military targets.




Frighteningly, mankind can now tamper with weather manipulation, climate
modification, polar ice cap melting or destabilization, ozone depletion
techniques, earthquake engineering, ocean wave control and brain wave
manipulations using the planet's energy fields, global weather is a complex
system, including air pressure and thermal systems, but also an electrical
system. Because of the so-called 'butterfly effect" described in chaos theory,
input of small charges get pumped up into big effects, since HAARP pulses the
ionosphere where it is relatively unstable, creating greater turbulence. Complex
systems, can suddenly collapse in catastrophic events. Cascades of effects could
destroy the biosphere.



The ionosphere is an active electrical UV shield which protects the biosphere
from the constant bombardment of high-energy radiation and particles from space.

The HAARP pulse has two primary components. The pre-heat megawatt pulse is aimed
straight upwards from the HAARP facility at the ionosphere, where it interacts
with electrons, protons or ionized parts of atoms like oxygen, ozone, or
nitrogen. Normally randomly moving particles in the near- vacuum of space become
part of the atmosphere. When the pulse hits they become super-excited to 300,000
kilometers per second. Striking the atmosphere, they are ionized. Ions suddenly
increase, and hit other atoms creating the "ionospheric heating."




At an altitude of about 100 km. the electrons drift at right angles to the
earth's magnetic field, while the ions move in the direction of this earth
field. This area of peak amplitude is called the dynamo region, where there is
this range of peak parallel conductivity along the geomagnetic field lines of
electric equipotential. The direction of the geomagnetic field changes from
horizontal at the equator to vertical at the magnetic poles. Since the vertical
current cannot flow out of the dynamo region, a polarization charge is built up
on both boundaries of the dynamo region causing a vertical electrical
polarization field with the earth's surface.




Amplification of electric current at the geomagnetic equator occurs within this
dynamo region.

The second generator of electromagnetic energy in the atmosphere is the
ionospheric dynamo. This current configuration is fixed to the sun, while the
earth rotates beneath it with a current of about 140kA flowing. The rotating
current and the conducting earth behave like a huge transformer with the dynamo
region as the primary winding and the electrically conducting earth as the
secondary winding.



We in India, rely on Astrology since past 11000 years. This is why every Indian
Hindu has a horoscope made since the vedic times. Astrology is a strong harmonic
interplay among the dancing and swirling planetary bodies. Our solar system is a
vast, complex, multi-octave musical instrument, with ever-shifting tuned
resonances and harmonies. All of the planets and most of their moons have
fundamental frequencies which align exactly within our spectrum of prominent
brainwave rhythms. All of the planets have a detectable electromagnetic energy
field structure and prominent magnetospheric frequencies. Your bodily rhythms
sing in harmony with the continually fluctuating energy field patterns of the
whole solar system.




Each planetary system plays upon a different musical keynote pattern. These
keynotes also gives us an indication of the strong harmonic intercommunication
existing among the planetary bodies and their surrounding moons and rings.




The Earth sets up a pattern of electromagnetic vibrations between its
circumference frequency, around 7.5 Hertz (cycles per second) and its radius
frequency of 47 Hertz (Hz.).

Interestingly enough, the Earth core radius is almost exactly equal to the Moon
diameter and therefore in direct fundamental resonance

The Earth and Moon are intimately linked vibrationally and many of the prominent
resonances fall directly within our very own brain/body vibration spectrum.
There is a complex play of vibrational harmonics around and through us as we
live our daily lives here on the surface of the Earth, spinning within the Solar
System and Galaxy. Each and every planetary and stellar system radiates a mosiac
of vibratory energies within and throughout. These planetary-interstellar-
galactic electromagnetic waves are continually sweeping throughout our immediate
environment


Each of the planetary and stellar bodies acts as a spherical receiver,
transmitter and reflector of the electromagnetic long wavelength light energies
in similiar manner to a satellite communications dish antenna. The sphere is an
ideal shape for a resonant cavity



The radio waves of ancient galaxies, neighboring stars, and the solar family
planets rain and dance upon the Earth's umbrella-like energy shields, altering
the intensity and selectively protecting the delicate organic forms. Planetary
turnings, solar sprinklings, starry pulses, galactic tides and universal songs
sweep through and around you every instant. The body reverberates with the wind
of Light; every cell listens to the drumbeats, attunes its DNA structure to the
composition, and sings its own unique chord, inducing resonant vibrations
throughout the quivering cellular molecules.




Ripples of electromagnetic light sweep thru and around us each instant,
triggering shivers of spinal impulses resounding through our being. These
rhythms, sensed between our spherical brain shell and our Earth-contacted feet,
set up full body responses to this continually changing cosmic drumming.
Anywhere from 300 to 1000 volts potential is present between our head tops and
our feet



We on Earth are literally, intimately connected via a web of longitudinal long
waves to the Universe. Each solar system body is connected to every other by
right-line direct-connected wave motions.

Dynamo is a machine that converts mechanical energy to electricity.



Above the Earth's surface, the next source of magnetic field is the ionospheric
dynamo—an electric current system flowing in the planet's ionosphere. Beginning
at about 50 kilometres and extending above 1,000 kilometres with a maximum at
400 kilometres, the ionosphere is formed primarily by the action of sunlight on
atmospheric particles. There, sunlight strips electrons from neutral atoms and
produces a partially ionized gas (plasma). On the dayside of the Earth near
local noon and near the subsolar point, the Sun heats the ionosphere to high
temperatures and causes it to flow away from noon toward midnight in a roughly
radial pattern. The flow moves both neutral atoms and charged particles across
the Earth's magnetic field lines.




The Lorentz force causes the charges to be deflected in opposite directions
perpendicular to the velocity of the charges and also the local field. This
charge separation creates an electric field that also exerts a force on the
charged particles. The form of the resulting electric field distribution is
strongly dependent on the distribution of ionospheric conductivity and magnetic
field. There is little ionospheric conductivity on the nightside and hence no
current can flow there. As for the magnetic field, it points upward in the
Southern Hemisphere, horizontally northward at the Equator, and downward in the
Northern Hemisphere. The horizontal component of the magnetic field exerts a
vertical force on charges that move as a result of winds. At the Equator this
causes the positive and negative charges to be deflected vertically and produces
a strong vertical electric field that impedes further separation of the charges.
At higher magnetic latitudes, the magnetic field is primarily vertical and the
deflections are horizontal, producing horizontal electric fields.



In general, charges separated by mechanical or chemical forces, as in dynamos or
batteries, will discharge if there is an external electrical conductor through
which they can flow. At high and low latitudes this process occurs in the same
medium that generates the charge separation. The actual current path is
particularly complex in the ionosphere because the electrical conductivity is
spatially inhomogeneous and anisotropic—i.e., it varies from point to point and
has different values in different directions relative to the magnetic and
electric fields present.



Seismic studies have shown that the centre of the Earth is a solid sphere of
iron with an approximate radius of 1,200 kilometres. This sphere is surrounded
by an outer core of liquid iron. With time, the inner surface of the liquid core
freezes onto the outer surface of the solid core. Energy released in the
freezing process heats the surroundings to a high temperature. The heat flows in
all directions, raising the temperature of adjacent regions. Because heat cannot
be lost from the interior, it eventually flows to the surface. There, it is
radiated into the cold of space as infrared radiation.



Atmospheric electricity, except for that which is associated with charges within
a cloud and gives rise to lightning, results from the ionization of the
atmosphere by solar radiation and from the movement of clouds of ions carried by
atmospheric tides. Atmospheric tides result from the gravitational attraction of
the Sun and the Moon on the Earth’s atmosphere , and, like the oceanic tides,
they rise and fall daily.




The ionization, and consequently the electrical conductivity, of the atmosphere
close to the surface of the Earth is low, but it increases rapidly with
increasing altitude. Between 40 and 400 km (25 and 250 mi) above the Earth, the
ionosphere forms an almost perfectly conducting spherical shell. The shell
reflects radio signals of certain wavelengths, whether originating on Earth or
reaching the Earth from space. The ionization of the atmosphere varies greatly,
not only with altitude but with the time of day and the latitude.





Earth currents constitute a worldwide system of eight loops of electric current
rather evenly distributed on both sides of the equator, plus a series of smaller
loops near the poles. Although it has been contended that this system is induced
entirely by the daily changes in atmospheric electricity (and this may be true
for short-term variations), it is likely that the origins of the system are more
complex.




The core of the Earth, which consists of molten iron and nickel, is capable of
conducting electricity and can be likened to the armature of a huge electric
generator. Thermal convection currents in the core are believed to move the
molten metal in loop patterns relative to the magnetic field of the Earth, and
are mirrored by the system of Earth currents that they produce. The surface of
the Earth has a negative electrical charge. Although the conductivity of air
near the Earth is small, air is not a perfect insulator, and the negative charge
would drain off quickly if it were not being continuously replenished in some
way.




Whenever measurements have been made in fair weather, a flow of positive
electricity has been observed to move downward from the atmosphere to the Earth.
The negative charge of the Earth is the cause, attracting positive ions from the
atmosphere to the Earth. The negative charge is transferred to the Earth during
storms and that the downward flow of positive current during fair weather is
balanced by a return flow of positive current from areas of the Earth
experiencing stormy weather. It has been proved that a negative charge is
transferred to Earth from thunderclouds, and the rate at which storms develop
electrical energy is sufficient to replenish the surface charge. Frequency of
storms appears to be greatest during the time of day when the negative charge of
the Earth increases most




A collision between a particle and its antiparticle converts both into a burst
of electromagnetic radiation. Curved spacetime tells mass-energy how to move;
mass-energy tells spacetime how to curve.



Contrast this with Newton's petty view of the mechanics of the heavens: Force
tells mass how to accelerate; mass tells gravity how to exert force.



Gravity cant be shielded. ZPF also cannot be shielded.



Most of the heat in the molten core of the earth comes from the dephasing of a
portion of this absorbed scalar radiation from the Sun, liberating ordinary
electromagnetic energy as heat. The Earth also re-radiates scalar wave radiation
back to the Sun. The Sun and the Earth are thus coupled into a scalar system in
equilibrium or near-equilibrium.





Each body in the couplet posesses both a feed forward and a feed back loop. If
too much or sharp stimulation occurs on Earth, the coupled resonant response
from the Sun could be disasterous. The simplest Doomsday simulation would be for
a violent expulsion of solar electromagnetic energy and particles to occur. If
this were due to resonance, the expulsions of solar electromagnetic energy and
particles would continue during some decay time. In that case, the fiery
destruction of the Earth, strongly indicative of Kaliyug of Vedas , would
result.




Note the abnormal influence of the Moon on tides -- tides of both the Earth's
tectonic plates and oceans. If the Earth-Moon resonant system were
overstimulated, one might expect VIOLENT earthquakes of extraordinary magnitude,
and tremendous tidal waves hundreds of feet in heights, like what happened in
India and Japan.




HAARP can be employed for nefarious weather modification, which can also damage
the ozone layer and cause earthquakes. An electronic beam can ionize or de-
ionize the atmosphere over a given area, including military targets.




Frighteningly, mankind can now tamper with weather manipulation, climate
modification, polar ice cap melting or destabilization, ozone depletion
techniques, earthquake engineering, ocean wave control and brain wave
manipulations using the planet's energy fields.




Global weather is a complex system, including air pressure and thermal systems,
but also an electrical system. Because of the so-called 'butterfly effect"
described in chaos theory, input of small charges get pumped up into big
effects.




Since HAARP pulses the ionosphere where it is relatively unstable, creating
greater turbulence. Complex systems, can suddenly collapse in catastrophic
events. Cascades of effects could destroy the biosphere.




The ionosphere is an active electrical UV shield which protects the biosphere
from the constant bombardment of high-energy radiation and particles from space.
Earth discharges the buildup of heat, relieving locked up stresses and tectonic
strain through earthquakes and volcanic action.




Last week my elder son wanted to take a plane to Alaska to watch the spectacular
aurora . He dropped the idea like a hot potato when i told him " Son, this
aurora business , started only afer HAARP became functional.  Watching a man
made aurora is NOT worth it !".



HAARP can be used to disable the magnetosphere which protects the earth from
solar wind.  In 2012 end , the sun is awaking from a deep slumber. This can
knock off power grids and cause panic and economic downturn. During geomagnetic
storms it makes NIL sense to draw low cost power from far away grids,  for such
inter-connectedness makes the whole grid, susceptible to vst ranging cascade
failures.

" DOCTORINGOR ENGINEERINGNATURE TO INCISE / HEAT THE IONOSPHERE WITH ELF WAVES
" AND ALTER THE COURSE OF THE JET STREAM , IS A DEADLY GAME!--





MANKIND WILL BE THE LOSER!!

********************************************************************************
UNLEARNING -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



When my elder son passed out of Cornell with a valuable ME in computer science,
and got a plum job in one of the best paying computer software companies of USA,
my only words of advise to him , was this ancient Indian Vedic wisdom.


“ Son, truth is a pathless land. You will need to free yourself from the usual
“ conditioned responses. The process of unlearning, and shedding obsolete
“ snakeskins ,  is about liberation or freedom from the conditioning or from the
“ known".


" Unlearn what is learned and have outlived its relevance , so that you are open
" to learning 'what is unknown' . Your ability to open your future will depend
" not on how well you can learn anymore but also on how well you are able to
" unlearn. It is about letting go what has already been learnt acquired, and
" served you will for long. In your business you must keep away from workplace
" folks who are as consistant as an irresponsible ass”.


Seeing him UNUSUALLY receptive I continued – the gist is here --

Throughout our lives, we have all been plied with misinformation by the dominant
culture, some of which has become internalized and become the gospel . We
invented this software , so we know more than you-- Blah Blah—

Unlearning things that are no longer useful can be an extreme form of changing,
like an almost physical casting off of inner clothing.  Unlearning involves a
conscious individual confrontation of the past with the future, involving
paradigms or beliefs that come from the fully formed past at odds with those
that come from a future, still in formation.


The risk, the vulnerability of not having answers, of being in-between ideas, of
acting in the face of the unknown, has to be faced as unlearning takes place. In
this way unlearning prepares the ground for a deeper kind of learning.

Unlearning is NOT the opposite of learning. It is about letting go old outdated
knowledge . If you need to fill up water in a bottle, the ( hot ) air which
served the bottle well for long time, must be allowed to escape. Unlearning is
about moving away from something rather than moving towards something.


Almost every day you will need to sweep the corners of your mind and consider
what you need to UNLEARN and recast your mind. Learning technology has brought
you to this point of your life, only unlearning methodology will take you
smoothly forward. You must have the courage and mental fortitude to rip apart
every standard operation procedure manual of your company. There can be NO
finality in any rethink. The whole world has been harping about Dec 21st 2012.
This date is the start of the beginning of a new DNA programming age of “
Knowledge adds, wisdom subtracts” .

Unlearning is not about right or wrong. It is about being open to and exploring
something that lies underneath the judgment, underneath the right and the wrong.


Becoming creative is an unlearning rather than a learning process ... because it
gives the short end of the stick to existing moronic assumptions

A change mentor that infuriates your ego rather than soothes it, can speed up
the process of unlearning. You first need to unlearn your pre-conceived notion
of what's achievable, and what is the need of the hour. The illiterate of the
future are not those that cannot read or write. They are those that can not
learn, unlearn, relearn.—and who are die hard supporters of the dog eared
standard operations book.


In a time of drastic change, it is the unlearners who inherit the future. The
learned find themselves equipped to live in a world that has ceased to exist.
Imagine a computer engineer who cannot unlearn. The learning cycle, which should
be a virtuous circle that positively feeds itself. Instead it becomes a standard
operation stuck record with the same lessons being learnt time and time again,
without leading to any significant shifts or changes in practice. Unlearning as
the process of letting go of what is or what is known, in order to create fresh
space for new learning to take root..

You had once asked me why Cornell loves to make you do  NLP/ AskMSR critiques.
In its debative mode say of a scientific critique, disproving as a form of
unlearning, injects a rigour and discipline into enquiry, and huge excitement.
Unlearning is however a challenge. Truth that we can work with, not to test or
to pass judgement but to help bring consciousness so that the next step can be
taken. What might have once been a healthy, regular monthly review, can become a
tiresome disconnected ritual that has lost its point or focus. Our habit of
planning  in a particular way may have to worked wonderfully well in the past,
but unknown to us, it has become a primary cause of our inability to adapt to
changes in our context.  Even in mild  forms, these habits can become ingrained,
comfort zones, addictions, hiding places of denial and self-protection.



Like a wheel-rut on a dirt road, and bosses who have bedded down for retirement,
resist like hell, efforts to break out despite the fact that consciously the
need is crystal clear. Often our ability to see something, to appreciate its
true nature, is skewed or hidden by the judgement we give it, the pigeon-hole we
have prepared for it.   It is a uphill task to make them appreciate the need to
just see something without judgement or assumption  .Old ingrained habits that
do not serve us take time to break and some may never be broken. Behind the
fears live the memories that gave rise to them . The cat who fell in hot water
is circumspect with cold water too. We cannot disprove our past or invalidate
our memories. We go back and work gently with what happened, see the memories
afresh and hopefully find the strength necessary to free ourselves from their
power. It is painful to unlearn those deep, hidden and sometimes painful
patterns that mask and influence the way we do things. Ultimately, we have to
acknowledge that it is not our methods, strategies, tools or techniques which
define the core and quality of our development practice, but ourselves  our
past, our present and our future, and the will we can find to face these.

Do I want to change? Am I really prepared to face the new consequences of
change? These become the central questions driving unlearning. At the heart of
unlearning is our ability to get down to our will and to consciously face it and
turn it. It is  about honestly and courage and a process or journey towards
that.. It is amazing to note how all of the panelists' opinions were completely
tainted by their own self-interest. Music competitions—judges wait for a song or
line, where they can sing better than the contestant and WOW the audience. You'd
be better off to ask a young music fan or musician, unencumbered by too much
knowledge of the bullshit past.

Sit down before fact,  as a little child,  be prepared to give up every
preconceived notion, follow humbly and humbly wherever and to whatever dark
unexplored abysses nature leads  -- ########### ONE WEEK AGO I MADE THE MARINE
INDUSTRY UNLEARN SOME SOMALIA ANTI-PIRACY STANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURES. i will
not delve too deep into it, as pirates are computer savvy too and are on the
internet looking for scraps of information. I will just post 4 pictures --
sailors at sea, will know what it means-- zoom in and look carefully-- my ship
had just 3.4 metres of freeboard with nearly 40 million USD worth sunflower oil.
Check out the scalp ripping and family jewels incising razor wires. Check out
how a grappling hook or a long aluminium ladder is made ineffective by using a
3.5 metre spacers from the ship's hill. Check out how citadels are fortified
against RPG. Check out the fort made for the gunmen on the bridge wings, to
SPLASH pirates who cannot come within 4 metres of the hull due to swishing razor
wires.











God resides in your DNA

Be yourself, do it your way.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
WIKIPEDIA , BIG BROTHER'S PROPAGANDA MACHINE ? -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


ENCYCLOPEDIA -- REWRITING HISTORY FOR THE ZIONISTS AND ROTHSCHILD-





Last year I saw an appeal by Wikepedia for donations , to fund their FREE
internet drive --

I was touched, for they said, they do NOT even allow advertisements , so that
they are free and cannot be manipulated.



I made a small donation myself, using my wife's card.

Today i am dismayed to note that Wikepedia is a vested organisation.


Punch in PN Oak into Google search and see what Wikepedia has to say about him.
They call him a CRACKPOT and a HINDU WITH AN "INFERIORITY COMPLEX".

Sorry -

-pl punch into Google search  I AM A PROUD HINDU VADAKAYIL to educate yourself
-about our inferiority complex.

Because Oak said that Mecca was a Shiva Temple before Islam was born. This is
NOT a big secret, rather it is an open secret.  Muslims dont have black meteoric
stones in any other mosque.

Even Muslims know about the 9000 YEAR OLD black meteorite stone or Shiva Lingam
of the destroyed Hindu temple , at the SE corner of Kaaba , which they have to
point to while they walk anticlockwise 7 times. In no other mosque in the world
pilgrims have to walk 7 times anticlockwise. ( in Shiva temples it is 7 times
clockwise ). And the divine Islam number 786 is OM seen in mirror.

And regarding Oak saying that Taj Mahal was built on a Rajput palace foundation.
Yes, all Muslim invaders tore down Indian palaces and temples right to the
foundation to hunt for hidden and vaulted gold and diamond treasures. India was
the only source of diamonds in the world till 124 years ago. You can see
pictures of the hidden and bricked up and sealed vaults ( 22 rooms ) under the
Taj Mahal foundations , with Hindu motifs.

Why do you think Dwaraka temple was broken down so many times-- with even the
foundations uprooted?

Imagine the following scenario--

as soon as Saddam Hussan fell, all his palaces were converted to US Military
headquarters . Let us assume that after 300 years or alien rule Americans left
Iraq.  And all the ancient palaces with Islamic motiffs were now either churches
with crosses , or some other structure holding the American way of life stuff.

And then a true Iraqi with some elementary knowlede of recorded history comes
along and takes a deep breath and comments wistfully  " 300 years back , this
was Saddam Hussain's glorious palace. My great grand father used to be in charge
of this room  ". --and then the COALITION or the ALLIES or the RIDING POSSE or
the ZIONIST MEDIA calls him a crackpot or a Muslim with an inferiority complex--

so fuc#in' be it -- ok?


It has always been victor's history. Who has killed maximum people of this
planet since the past 2100 years? -- you have the answer.

OR

ask Michael Moore, who tells the truth! ( and one day president Bush heckles him
on Rothschild's TV , " why dont you do real work?"

You will find that , in most of my posts, I dont offer any proof.  My posts are
for this planet's intelligentsia. These people dont require proof-- for them
circumstantial historical evidence is good enough.



Indians-- read the Mahabharat yourself, and see whom your heart takes sides
with! Most history is written backwards--it is about who was the loser.



In Kerala an ordinary temple's vaults were opened 10 days ago, and it revealed
24 BILLION USD worth of gold and diamonds. The Indian judiciary stopped further
opening vaults and stocktaking till security issues are sorted out.

Who do you thing financed the Ottoman Empire and their marauding soldiers?



From where did Rothschilds ( read as British Empire ) get all their gold?

Rothschilds even stripped off the priceless solid gold spires of Taj Mahal--
after a doctored and engineered Indian Sepoy's Mutiny in 1857.



WIKEPEDIA MUST STOP BEING A ZIONIST MOUTH PIECE.



I am an Indian from Kerala, the only place in the world Jews were never
persecuted.

I have nothing in my DNA program against Jews.

I like to call a spade a spade. I will NOT call a donkey on a golden throne a
King.

After Bar Kokhba's foolish and selfish exploits screwed all the Jews and made
them run helter skelter for survival , it was Kerala they looked to first.
Because Solomon's mother Bathsheba was from Kerala. Jesus was in Kerala for 3
years , before he went back to Jerusalem via the Egyptian Pyramids, as per Edgar
Cayce trance readings. St Thomas ( of doubting fame ) died in Kerala. Nobody can
tell you where Jesus was for 18 years, till be landed up in Jerusalem as a well
learned man.

Wikepedia must continue being neutral, and must NOT capitulate to the cyber
Zionist soldiers funded by Rothschild.


Larry Sanger, did NOT hide his Jewish leanings. Jimmy Wales is more subtle.

Wikepedia-- Hullo? -


can you be more objective and truthful about Winston Churchill ,( the puppet of
Rothschild ) who fanned both World Wars , OR the Lousitania sinking OR the
carpet bombing of Dresden OR the ancient Indian Hindu Vedic history-- OR -
Alexander -Porus battle OR the last Serbian Inquisition during the 2nd WW etc
etc ?


pray?

prithee?

In this internet age, NOTHING can be shoved under the carpet.



Such has been the effect of the spirit of India on the Hippies of the sixties ,
who kick started the information super-highway.

Big brother can NO longer manipulate this planet using their owned or payrolled
PEER REVIEWED magazines.


If you want to know what i mean--

-- punch into google search DNA NASA you will find that a simple ordinary world
-- citizen blogger , with NO axe to grind like me can be in the front page of
-- Google among 15 million posts.

If you cant find it just punch in NASA DNA VADAKAYIL--

This planet needs a break from PEER REVIEWED and FREE MASON sponsored
superheroes like Edison, Darwin, Churchill , Mother Theresa etc--


And Google--Hullo!?


please police this--

If Wikepedia continues in the same way-- they do NOT deserve to be on page
number ONE--- post number ONE, on your search engine.






And Wikepedia, could you give Nassim Haramein a chance to say what he wants to?
Let people hear --be objective -- dont call him an CRACKPOT yet-- like what you
call Nikola Tesla.

At least he is NOT like Lynn Mc Taggart who has lifted everything about
INTENTION and the ZPF from Indian Vedas, but give only Deepak Chopra a mention--
coz Deepak dear gives her a good review.

or we in India , 1 out of 5 on this planet-- know what to say --





and Nassim Haramein--

there was a UNPRECEDENTED and great union of science and religion in 1903 when
the world's only man in the past 4000 years with with 12 strand DNA , met with a
mystic of the world's oldest religion ( 11000 years old --or 9000 years older
that Christianity ).  Yes-- Serbian Nikola Tesla and Indian Vivekananda.

this brief union nearly destroyed this planet-

THE GREAT NIKOLA TESLA MARTYRED HIMSELF --  DESTROYED ALL HIS NOTES AND FAME
ALONG WITH IT , AND KEPT EVERYTHING INSIDE HIS HEAD -- SO THAT THE PLANET WILL
SURVIVE.

sacred geometry resonance is too dangerous a project to work on--

you should know when to stop--

let me give you a hint -- assuming that you are a man of peace--

YOU CANNOT HAVE ANY SACRED GEOMETRY WITHOUT THE NUMBER 108 FACTORED IN. ( no--
it is NOT about 64 )

YOU CANNOT HAVE ANY SACRED GEOMETRY WITHOUT THE ANGLE OF THE GREAT PYRAMIDS 51
DEG 49 MIN 38.25 SEC FACTORED IN. ( yes-- 1.618 is only a part of it . lifted by
Fibonacci from Vedas )

YOU CANNOT HAVE ANY SACRED GEOMETRY WITHOUT THE HOLOGRAPHIC UNION OF HUMAN
CONSCIOUSNESS AND THE UNIVERSE FACTORED IN. ( i do hope you understand the
meaning of consciousness-- did you see the cat looking into the mirror? )

YOU CANNOT HAVE ANY SACRED GEOMETRY WITHOUT THE CYMATICS OF 7.83 HERTZ  IN
LIVING WATER  FACTORED IN. ( the power of OM was told  by edgar cayce --
corrupted amen used by Christianity.  Don't go overboard with the 6 point
crystal )

YOU CANNOT HAVE ANY SACRED GEOMETRY WITHOUT THE SPIRAL OF THE ANCIENT HUMAN 12
STRAND HUMAN DNA FACTORED IN. (Tesla understood the mobius coil . There is NO
wave , only vortex chakras )

the missing links to your grand unified theory OR the theory of everything is
scattered throughout my posts.

i am retaining some crucial stuff.

Tesla was warned by Vivekananda NOT to give the tinderbox to monkeys.


When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and
were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great
civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in
Sanskrit. An employee German Max Mueller working for German Jews Rothschild, the
owner of opium running British East India company, was told by Vatican to
subvert world history to prove to all, that Bible dates are right. That the big
bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion
years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500
BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) . BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda
was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot
of Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out
of India, with their Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm )
as modern DNA tests have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . The
Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish
religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at
Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican.


Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older.
Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for
Guru Brihaspati. . Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The
astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to
represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi
Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is
lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus
is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma /
Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia
and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan
war where Helen was stolen. Several people came to India to get a cure for
epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights.

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician.

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his
debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract.

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang
thing-- - but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1
mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before
Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was
Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains
died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded
secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the
same thing via advanced Calculus.

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever
understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha
mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years
before Pythagoras was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search- ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .
And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s
No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other
than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks
Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and
Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material
world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the
earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below.

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he
was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick
Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the
Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western
world.

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander
the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the
foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge
.

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and
Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING
of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the
dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old
Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose
entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example : In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas),
Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm). Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more
most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta
Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda. So his
fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic
(phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most
important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of
water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic
system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is
explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted
from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle,
which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is
called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath
on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was
absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods-
and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was
his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff.

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from
faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body
and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR
TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy
man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris (
Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt
) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) .

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is
the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman
hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music
and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known
for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which
he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna )
crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it
was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild
animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over
curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are
sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets
and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on
the musical scale. The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the
philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins
in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the
west.

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics (
magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the
MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was
killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went
down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto
allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he
did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus,
however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and
Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever.

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing
Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of
Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek
equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the
soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death. Almost every Greek text tells
that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play
Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking
Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda
and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search- MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER
VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the
5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in
their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about
India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation
known to me.”
  
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells
about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing
elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool
growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use
in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the
Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just
for kicks.

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger . Such
jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb
detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left
overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan (
Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a
living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian
laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was
ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only
Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like
him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. (
AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so
there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the
parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John
Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of
Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of
devotees.

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of
rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas),
however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara,
‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’).

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit,
bhakti, ‘devotion’). And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate
cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I
am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be
reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he
knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter
form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's
Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter (
heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the
metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document
for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when
in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin
Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above
his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a
furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological
plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and
procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and
resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary
journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He
writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its
origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew.

 Bartholomewisoneofthe12disciplesofJesusandismentionedinthreeSynopticgospels:Mat
 thew,[10:1–4]Mark,[3:13–19]andLuke,[6:12–16]andalsoappearsasoneofthewitnessesof
 theAscension[Acts1:4,12,13];however,eachtimeheisnamedinthecompanyofPhilip.Heisn
 otmentionedinGospelofJohn.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-
navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.
Kosmas was the author of a stolen world- geography and a book on stolen Kerala
astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is
certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of
consciousness, and there also sight is created from understanding.  For there
understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from
visible light.”

Consciousness ?

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history—
********************************************************************************
WINSTON CHURCHILL , HENCHMAN OR HERO ? -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THE HERO OF BRITAIN AND HENCHMAN OF ROTHSCHILD  - GREATEST AND BRAVEST MAN IN
EUROPE BY AGE 24-- CREATOR OF MI-5 AND MI-6 TO SUBVERT ENGLISH POLITICS TO FAVOR
JEWS-

WHO ENGINEERED BOTH WORLD WARS ?




Yes, most of you have guessed it right—  I have been sailing around the world
for nearly 4 decades, I know the pulse.

The simple John Bull Englishman supercharged by zeal to queen and country, has
NO idea that since Napoleon lost the battle of Waterloo, Britain belonged to the
Rothschild Jews-- till the end of 2nd World War.

It was British hero Sir Winston Churchill who started the spark and fanned the
flames of both world wars, which brought untold misery to this planet.

He did it to further the financial greed of the Jewish Rothschild family— yes
—the family who owned the British East Indian company, and made their fabulous
wealth by being the first drug ( opium ) cartel of this world.


The illuminati and the free masons were all drug runners, for the Rothschilds.


Churchill’s mother the attractive Jennie Jerome

was a Rothschild.



Jennie’s father financier Leonard Jerome ( Jacobsen ) was a race horse owner and
the Rothschilds representative in USA.   He was famous for rigging horse races.
US financier JP Morgan laundered the Rothschild drug money.


Churchill’s father Randolph Churchill died of Syphillis, and Winston was born in
a toilet on Nov 30th 1874,  prematurely at 7 months, when his pregnant mother
got labour pains, in the middle of a dance.

Winstons parents marriage was one of convenience and he was neglected as a small
child, making him an egoical  and obnoxious manic depressive hooked on to
intoxicants. For marrying Rothschild girl Jennie, Randolph was given a wedding
present -- of being a member of the House of Commons.


80% of Israel is now owned by Zionists Rothschild.



Hamas is to Muslim as Zionist is to Jew. Don’t be under the impression that
Rothschild cared for the common ordinary Jew. It was all about their own power
interests and greed for more shekels.


The simple John Bull Englishman will hardly know what follows.



Winston was below average and cleared the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst
entrance exam only on the third attempt.

Rothschild nurtured moulded their British agent carefully.  Using immense money
power they manipulated everything for Winston and made him a popular author by
the age of 24 and a cabinet minister at the age of 33.

Nathan Laski president of Jewish Congress of Manchester had issued a Fatwa-- Any
Jew who does NOT support Winston Churchill is a traitor to the Jewish cause. At
the tender young age of 24 Lord Northcliff was told by the Rothschilds to
publish an article in the  Daily Mail proclaiming Winston Churchill as the "
GREATEST MAN IN EUROPE". This was a reward for whipping up anti-germany hysteria
in England.

 RothschildevendoctoredabraverymedalforWinston.




They engineered (by paying a fortune in bribes) a great drama in South Africa,
where Winston was imprisoned and made a most daring escape from Boers custody.


He immediately became a national hero , as Rothschild owned most of the media.



Because of a speech defect , Winston never spoke extempore.  Rothschild  had
speech writers writing SET speeches for him. Rothschilds could of course never
push Winston's clumsy paintings.


One final grateful act of Rothschild family was to get Winston’s bust set up in
the Oval Office of US white house, during the tenure of Free Mason President
Bush. The first thing Obama did was to throw the bust out.

Now why was Rothshcild so grateful to Sir Winston Churchill—whom they got
knighted , secured an Order of the Garter and manipulated a Nobel prize in
literature too?


Churchill’s own daughter-in-law  Pamela Beryl Digby Churchill was the mistress
of Baron Elie de Rothschild.  Pamela was nicknamed as " The last courtesan "
dues to he appetite for sex with powerful men.  Bill Clinton made Pamela the US
ambassador to France.

Lord Mountbattens wife was Rothschild.


Winstons mother used her influence with Lord Rothschild ,  Jewish banker Sir
Ernest Cassel and British  Shell Chairman Sir Robert Waley Cohen ( a Rothshild
Jew agent ) to ensure his meteoric rise to First Sea Lord of Admiralty before
Wold War 1,  using sheer money power.



He was made out to be a sort of genius..  When Winston married in 1908, Cassel
gave him a HUGE sum of money as a gift. Rothschild ensured that free mason
Winston would be the Moses of the Zionist movement from Britain.


Now, you may be shocked that Winston was NOT the only person to be groomed by
Rothschild. Hitler, Pope Pacelli Pius XII, and President Roosvelt was also
groomed by Rothschild.


Rothschild used Winston to fan the flames of first world war. There were
enormous profits to be made. They wanted to carve out a homeland for the Jews in
Palestine.

Winston was told by Rothschild to create MI-5 and MI-6--the information and
security services in 1909.


The “Pearl Harbour “ of the FIRST world was engineering the sinking of the
sister ship of Titanic ( which sank 3 years earlier ) the SS Lusitania, the
world’s largest ship at that time. . .



The objective was to draw the Americans into the First world war.


The huge passenger ship left New York on May 1st 1915, and was sunk off the
Irish coast on 7th May 1915.


There existed a conspiracy between Free masons  Rothschild, Winston Churchill
and the owner of Cunard Line , to sacrifice the ship and 1198 souls, out of
which 128 are Americans. Strangely all Jew passengers cancelled their travel at
the last moment.



The ship was openly loaded with 6 million rounds of ammunition and armaments by
Rothschild agent JP Morgan ,  fitted with guns and painted like a Battle cruiser
ship with American flag flying as Ensign..


This was seen by dozens of German dock workers who promptly reported this to the
German Embassy in USA. The German Embassy immediately placed an advertisement in
more than 50 newspapers of USA, telling passengers that doing this voyage from
New York to Liverpool was dangerous, as the ship would be engaged as a ship of
war, by the German U boats.



As Lusitania approached Irish coast the naval escort HMS Juno was taken off and
ship was told to reduce speed to 12 knots ( she could do 25 knots ) and stop the
zig zag course. German U boat which could do max speed of 9 knots , U20 sank her
with just one torpedo- even the Commander of the U boat Capt Schwieger was
surprised with the sounds of detonation on board. The Luisitania sank in 17
minutes, 11 miles off the Old head of Kinsale. No ship doing more than 15 knots
has ever been torpedoed in the first world war.


Churchill spread the rumor that German schools got one day off to celebrate the
sinking of the Lusitania, and all crew of the German U boat were given medals,
sparking American public outrage. Britain dropped depth charges to destroy the
wreck, yet divers have as late as 2008 recovered the ammunition loaded in New
York by JP Moran.

The First World War cost 324.000 American deaths. J.D.Rockefeller made 220
million dollars off of it. That’s about 2 trillion by today’s standards. Not to
mention the war cost about 32 billion dollars for America. Most of which was
borrowed from the Federal Reserve Bank at interest furthering the profits of the
international bankers Rothschild.



The Pearl Harbour was the Lusitania of the 2nd World war, again engineered by
Churchill and his Mentor Rothschild.  Before Pearl Harbor 83% of the American
public wanted nothing to do with the war. After Pearl Harbor – one million men
volunteered for the war.

 


The ultimate aim was to enforce the Barflour declaration for the state of
Israel. The United Nations was created only to defend Israel.


His Majesty's Government view with favour the establishment in Palestine of a
national home for the Jewish people, and will use their best endeavours to
facilitate the achievement of this object, it being clearly understood that
nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of
existing non-Jewish communities in Palestine, or the rights and political status
enjoyed by Jews in any other country."

-- Balfour Declaration of 1916


Churchill never told British Christians about the Barflour declaration.  In an
auction in July 2010, Winstons dentures went for 15000 pounds, bought by
Rothschild money.



Polls rigged by Rothschild has said again and again that Winston is the greatest
Englishman ever.


This was the Englishman who ordered the carpet bombing of German city Dresden ,
a cultural saxon city with NIL military value.


He killed 420000 civilians in an saturation bombing orgy  lasting 24
minutes—just before the 2nd World war got over.



 Therewere2moreroundsofittoensuretotalannihilation.




The pictures of the dead was attributed to Hilter—as was the pictures of the
victims of Pope Pacelli Pius XII and his Croat super-sadist henchman Ante
Pavelic.




The Drseden bombings took 3 times more lives than Hiroshima and Nagasaki.


 AlltheDresdenpilotswhodropped70000tonnesofPhosphorusbombscreatinganinfernoof160
 0degC,wereawardedmedalsforthisHolocaust.



So may brave and simple English speaking white men died for Rothschild and their
stooge Sir Winston Churchill.   The Labour MPs' still call Churchill "shithouse"
, as his initials were WC.



Neither does any common American know about the Rothschild control over the
national wealth.


The super highway of information afforded by the internet will make all these
ignorant souls free.


Read more by punching into google search WINSTON CHURCHILL THE UNKNOWN SIDE
VADAKAYIL.

He deliberately starved and killed 5.2 million Indians ( Great Bengal Famine )
in 1943. This is deleted from history, by Rothschilds.






The king maker in England for Winston Churchill and for every American president
from Wilson to Eisenhover ( Ike ) was Bernard Baruch, the billionaire Zionist
Jewish Financier, who was Rothchild’s agent in USA and also a Rothschild
bloodline clone.

Hitler desperate to stop a war, offered to resign.  This fell on the deaf ears
of Zionist Jews Churchill , Roosevelt, and General Eisenhover who were under
Rothschild's control.  Hitler in a last ditch attempt sent his No 2 man Rudolf
Hess on a solo flight to Scotland , to broker peace. Churchill promptly arrested
him as soon as he parachuted down and declared him MAD-- and millions of lives
were lost in WW2.  Of course the war created Israel and today Rothschild has 300
Trillion dollars and controls this planet.





Punch into Google search WINSTON CHURCHILL, THE UNKNOWN SIDE VADAKAYIL, to find
out why EVIL Churchill deliberately starved to death 5.2 million Indians.



Leopold Charles Maurice Stennett Amery who was First Lord of the Admiralty
(1922–1924) . During the 2nd world war, Amery was Secretary of State for India.




He was continually frustrated by Churchill's intransigence and his mean resolve
to starve to death 5.2 million Bengalis .


In his memoirs Amery records "I couldn't help telling Churchill,  that I didn't
see much difference between his outlook and Hitler's, which annoyed him no
little."


Also read  AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITE WASHING CHURCHILL'S HOLOCAUST-
VADAKAYIL, to check out how cleverly Rothschilds have been re-writing history.

Winston Churchill after getting the Nobel prize for literature, was nominated in
later years for Nobel Prize for -- hold your breath--PEACE.  Despite all
lobbying done by Rothschild, it did NOT happen.

Mark my words. They will use the London Olympics to convert this evil man, to a
Santa Claus type benevolent character with a huge halo. See how cleverly
Rothschild will merge politics into sport, and get away with it.  Such is their
clout.

********************************************************************************
THE UNTOUCHABLES -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




THE FOUR PILLARS OF VEDIC SOCIETY --  KNOWLEDGE, POWER, WEALTH, ENERGY


I am posting this blog on specific request from a reader Dhruv—

In 1986, my ship was one of the first foreign ships to berth at China , who had
just opened her Bamboo doors.  My ship drydocked at Quindao . The yard threw a
great 30 course dinner. The Chairman of the yard , a past weightlifting champion
of China , was constantly trying to engage me in a drinking contest. And to be
polite I played ball ( more on getting arm twisted by the rest of my officers
and the company Suptd ).

I was pretty sozzled, as I was NOT a great drinker.  Even then I noted a man
sitting next to the Chairman , who was looking extremely uncomfortable, and was
silent.  So I asked the translator, who is this corny guy?  He whispered into my
ear that he was the chauffer of the Chairman, and both of them nearly got the
same salary.  If the driver of his car was NOT treated the same , the communist
party politburo might ask for an explanation, the next day.  And the chairman
would NOT even know if the silent guy was a party Commissar spy.

Same way in communist Russia, a brain dead stupid man would get the same salary
as a genius like IE Irodov ( All IIT guys know who this great Physics professor
was ). Such was the communist system. To keep such a abnormal system alive there
has to be ironhanded rule.

Democracy will NOT allow a donkey to be treated the same as a race horse on the
track, or vice versa on a Dhobi ghat. One of them will have more value.

God has NOT created everybody the same.

Firstly he made man and woman .

No matter how much a woman says she is equal to man , she cannot be .

If any woman disagrees, please point out one animal or bird or mammal where the
female gender is more intelligent, beautiful or stronger than the male gender (
insects please excuse ).

Male Olympics records are better that that of the female category.  A master
tailor is a man. A master cook is a man.  Almost all inventions have been made
by man.

Same way , among men — all are NOT equal.

Some are more intelligent, some are more handsome and some are more stronger .

This is the way reality is. There is NO point in bitching about it.

So if you are Bill Gates, running a software company, you will NOT show too much
sentiments like the Govt of India and have a quota for the lesser category.

And if you were the Captain of the Indian cricket team, you will NOT agree to
have a physically challenged man in your team , out of sentiments.

Or if you are the producer of a movie you will NOT have a Mayawati type as your
heroine. The male audience is supposed to see her at night in their wet dreams.

In any Univeristy, the intellectual cream gets computer science, the less
intelligent category gets governmental studies , textile engineering or its ilk.

My son who passed out of Cornell USA , sat in his Computers class room on the
first day and got a surprise. There were hardly anyone of the superior white
category , like what you get to see in the same college canteen.  This computer
classroom has  Indians, Chinese, Koreans , dirty pariah whites, plus a sprinking
of English speaking superior whites. There was NOT a single black American . It
was all about grey matter.

Same way, 8000 years back our Vedic system has a Chaturvarna system. Those days
the population was few. There was NO need for present day exam system, as there
were superior people with 12 strand DNA who could judge your intrinsic worth
just by looking at your physical aura.

Since 2000 BC, there has been NO Maharishi superhumans of Brahmin class born
with 12 strand DNA. This is due to lack of cosmic rays and star dust. The
degraded Brahmin class could NOT do wonders , which would earn instant respect.
This meant that respect had to be earned. So the Vedic Sanatana Dharma system
has the 4 classes, or graded inequality to sustain society.  Brahmins,
Kshatriyas, Vaishyas and Shudras . The Muslims who invaded India called the
local population Hindus.

The picture below gives some propaganda.  These words are NOT there in the
original Vedas.  This Shudras being from the feet etc -- is all bullshit .  This
was added by the clever Brahmins , to cheat the public -- that there have been
given powers over the rest by divinity.


THE NOBLE VEDIC  " TEAM DYNAMICS"  SYSTEM GOT CORRUPTED , BY THE DIVIDE AND RULE
INVADER POLICIES--

To understand this TEAM DYNAMICS concept--

can you build a skyscraper by a bunch of architects alone? --

or a bunch of masons alone?  or a bunch of musclemen?

or a bunch of climbers who are NOT afraid of heights? --

NO --all are interdependant,  like a ship's crew list. It is the diversity of
the team which causes it to produce magic.

This does NOT mean that the captain can shit on the faces of the lower rung
crew!   Or architects can shit on the faces of the masons and musclemen.  Or
forwards in a soccer team shitting on the defenders . If they do so, they are
exceeding their team dynamics  brief and natural justice must be invoked.

THIS IS WHAT IT GOT REDUCED TO -- IN A PATHETIC MANNER -- BY DIVIDE AND RULE
POLICIES OF OUR INVADERS -- The Brahmins' occupation was to learn, teach and
officiate at religious ceremonies. They were supposed to be brainy. They would
sit in the current day Computer science class. They could learn and teach and
officiate.

The Kshatriyas' occupation was to bear arms and to fight.  They were supposed to
be firm limbed. These are the ones who would be in the line up for a Olympic
Marathon race or a boxing contest. Kings came from this category.

The occupation of the Vaishyas was trade and business. They were the talented
people. They could be called the skilled workers , craftsmen and traders. The
Shudras' occupation was to do physical work and menial service. They did NOT
measure up to the top three. Like in every beauty contest, the ones who don’t
measure up will be eliminated in the first preliminary. They can hardly bitch
about it—.


Over the years the system got corrupted and great divides formed.  The word
BRAHMAN in Vedas and Advaita Hinduism  denoted GOD ( morphogenetic consciousness
field ) .  Many mistook it to the “Brahmin Class” .  Over time the Shudras were
treated as untouchables, by Brahmins who played God.

Today in Kerala , my home state-the Namboodis ( Brahmins ) cannot match the
bottom three classes in brains, beauty and intellect.  You don’t see any
Namboodiris getting into IIT,  or winning a running race, or any beauty
contests.

These are the same superior and snooty folks who would NOT allow a Vaishya or
Shudra woman to cover her tits for over 6000 years till 99 years ago, when a
Kalari expert by the name of Ayyankali stopped it.  Mahatma gandhi came all the
way to Kerala to see Ayyankali..

Namboodiris could barge in into any house and screw a female they wanted (
Sambandham ). And today if you go to the Namboodiri website ( Namboodiri dot com
) they do propaganda about SIMPLE LIVING GREAT THINKING they did in the past--

-- simple living--my ass!  simple living by wearing KONAM yes! talk about
-- perverted living!!

Namboodiris ( Brahmins )  form a miniscule percentage (0.188 %) of Kerala
state’s population.  While the rest of Indian states have a hefty percentage of
the pseudo or inducted Brahmin variety. That many temples did not exist for them
to work as priests. The whole system is rigged in modern times.

The  word, “Dalit,” meaning “down trodden ” was a  term  invented by a  19th
century activist Jotirao Govindrao Phule ( died in 1890) who fought to remove
the stigma of “untouchability” in India.




The following MANU SMRITI  is a fake Sanskrit document cooked up by the British,
to divide Hindus, as for this purpose they used BR Ambedkar.

BR Ambedkar,  a Bharat Ratna,  did NOT spend one single minute of his life
fighting for India's freedom. He had spoken and written several times that
British rule is better than home rule. He was educated by British east India
Company in their own Opium funded Columbia University USA.  His caste Mahar
regiment along with the Sikhs supported British in the first war of
Independence. BR Ambedkars father and grand father were British informers.

LAWS OF MANU CONCERNING DALITS/ UNTOUCHABLES ( FAKE DOCUMENT )


For the sake of the prosperity of the worlds (the divine one) caused the
Brahmana, the Kshatriya, the Vaisya, and the Sudra to proceed from his mouth,
his arm, his thighs and his feet. One occupation only the lord prescribed to the
Sudras, to serve meekly even these (other) three castes. Once-born man (a
Sudra), who insults a twice-born man with gross invective, shall have his tongue
cut out; for he is of low origin. If he mentions the names and castes (gati) of
the (twice-born) with contumely, an iron nail, ten fingers long, shall be thrust
red-hot into his mouth. If he arrogantly teaches Brahmanas their duty, the king
shall cause hot oil to be poured into his mouth and into his ears. With whatever
limb a man of a low caste does hurt to (a man of the three) highest (castes),
even that limb shall be cut off; that is the teaching of Manu. He who raises his
hand or a stick, shall have his hand cut off; he who in anger kicks with his
foot, shall have his foot cut off. A low-caste man who tries to place himself on
the same seat with a man of a high caste, shall be branded on his hip and be
banished, or (the king) shall cause his buttock to be gashed. Let him never slay
a Brahmana, though he have committed all (possible) crimes; let him banish such
an (offender), leaving all his property (to him) and (his body) unhurt.

LAWS OF MANU CONCERNING WOMEN ( FAKE DOCUMENT )

Day and night woman must be kept in dependence by the males (of) their
(families), and, if they attach themselves to sensual enjoyments, they must be
kept under one’s control. Her father protects (her) in childhood, her husband
protects (her) in youth, and her sons protect (her) in old age; a woman is never
fit for independence. Women must particularly be guarded against evil
inclinations, however trifling (they may appear); for, if they are not guarded,
they will bring sorrow on two families. Considering that the highest duty of all
castes, even weak husbands (must) strive to guard their wives. No man can
completely guard women by force; but they can be guarded by the employment of
the (following) expedients: Let the (husband) employ his (wife) in the
collection and expenditure of his wealth, in keeping (everything) clean, in (the
fulfillment of) religious duties, in the preparation of his food, and in looking
after the household utensils. Women, confined in the house under trustworthy and
obedient servants, are not (well) guarded; but those who of their own accord
keep guard over themselves, are well guarded. Women do not care for beauty, nor
is their attention fixed on age; (thinking), ‘(It is enough that) he is a man,’
they give themselves to the handsome and to the ugly. Through their passion for
men, through their mutable temper, through their natural heartlessness, they
become disloyal towards their husbands, however carefully they may be guarded in
this (world). (When creating them) Manu allotted to women (a love of their) bed,
(of their) seat and (of) ornament, impure desires, wrath, dishonesty, malice,
and bad conduct. For women no (sacramental) rite (is performed) with sacred
texts, thus the law is settled; women (whoare) destitute of strength and
destitute of (the knowledge of) Vedic texts, (are as impure as) falsehood
(itself), that is a fixed rule.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
COSMIC DANCE OF SHIVA-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL http://youtu.be/9oSePXRbW9o


Click on the link above and see the video first.




Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about 9000 year old
Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs.  He took this knowledge to Italy.

Fibonacci series was lifted from the work of the great Indian mathematician
Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru. Indian Vedic rituals
depended on purity of utterance. Later Indian mathematician Virahanka's work was
translated into Arabic in 600 AD.

Fibonacci series or sequence : 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233,
377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, ... (each number is the sum of the previous
two). The ratio of successive pairs is so- called golden section - 1.618033989.

Fibonacci was the first to introduce the Hindu-Arabic number system into Europe-
the system we now use today- based on ten digits with its decimal point and a
symbol for zero: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. and 0

A golden rectangle is a rectangle whose side lengths are in the golden ratio, 1:
1.618. whose reciprocal is 0.618033989 . . . . . so that we have 1/G = 1 + G.

The golden ratio is lifted from the mystic geometry of Sri Yantra of Indian
Vedic times 9000 years ago.


The Golden Ratio is thus a universal law in which is contained the ground-
principle of all formative striving for beauty and completeness in the realms of
nature art, structures, forms and proportions, whether cosmic or individual,
organic or inorganic, acoustic or optical—and of course in the perfect human
form.



The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 degrees 49 minutes 38.25
seconds like the 11000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the
same relationship between pi and phi . The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the
base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-
root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication
that the Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt


The first crop circle came at Idaho , Oregon USA in 1970-- it was 13.3 miles
long in a huge lake having wet sticky mud.



 Theaboveblackstoneiscalledshivalingam.Thewesternershavederisivelymentionedinenc
 yclopediasasaphallusinavagina.TothemysticsitisthepenetrationoftheEVENTHORIZON-
 thedancebetweenthephysicalrealmandtheZPF.



Above are the so called PAGAN black stone Shiva lingams at Mecca, Vatican and
Jerusalem Dome of the rock.
 




The above black Shiva lingam was broken , at the Shiva Hindu temple , which
later became the temple of Aphrodite at Paphos Cyprus at around  500 BC. The Yin
Yang buddhist principle is from 11000 year old TAMAS RAJAS of hinduism.  Shivas
trident is nothing but yin-yang with the middle point of duality as SATTVA . The
Sri Yantra has 54 triple intersections of 9 triangles making the divine number
of 108, in Yin-Yang mode. The sun's diameter si 108 times that of the earth. The
distance between the sun and earth is 108 times the diameter of the sun. This is
why this 11000 year old geometry is divine. Sanskrit the divine language from
DNA has 54 alphabets . If you still dont understand it-- maan you will never get
it.





The snake on Shiva's shoulders indicate released Kundalini. All great masters
like the Buddha and Jesus had ascended and released Kundalini.  Jesus was in
Kerala for 3 years , before he burst on the scene at Jerusalem , as per Edgar
Cayce t--o release his Kundalini. The drum of shiva is indicative of the big-
bang. It shows everything in the cosmos is a melody. The conch is indicative of
7.83 hertz earths resonance or the buzz of the zero point field called OM.  OM
has its progressions , one of which is 528 hz--which can be heard in the human
audio range. Christians use AMEN , a corrupted version. Siva's palm always shows
OM inscribed on it. All master dowsers say OM to do the magic. OM cymatics on
living water shows the Sri Yantra.



The LIVING water flowing from Shiva's head shows the crystal structure of water
above. It has 6 points.  It is the symbol of the 9000 year old ANAHATA CHAKRA or
heart vortex.





 KingSolomonwhoadopteditforhissealwasborn6000yearslater.SolomonsfatherwasDavid.

 MostofourancientyearoldDravidiantemplesseveralthousandyearsolderthanDavid,showt
 he6pointstar.



The SWASTIKA symbol is always found on the palm of Shiva's son Ganesha. Swastika
symbol was unearthed at Troy and at the Russian Stonegenge at Arkaim, a few
thousand years older than the British one-- and also several times larger. A
Hindi Mandala is always a geometric figure inscribes in a circle, with a point
of SINGULARITY of BINDU at the middle --like the eye of the hurricane, where
everything is still.









From Shiva's all knowing third eye, emanated ENERGY IN THE FORM OF A VORTEX. All
chakras are spiral energy .


There is NOTHING called 2 dimensional WAVE energy.  Modern physics is still NOT
in tune with 11000 year old Vedic science.  It must be remembered that the white
man's land came out of the quarternary ice age only in 9500 BC.

 


Matter is created by vibrations.

528 hertz produced by binaural beats can do DNA repair.  Evolved Maharshis with
12 strand DNA with Golden auras can also do it.

All space ships carry the 7.83 hertz generator , frequency of OM or the earth's
heartbeat ( lifted by Schumann )  -- or they go crazy in space.


 


Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the
Indian Sri Yantra ( which contains the TOE ) based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was
drawn in 8000 BC --see video below.


 






The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas will roar to
life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the third eye will
be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2 strand 97% junk DNA
to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil. Sun's diameter is 108 times
that of the earth.

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon..

The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun .

Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms

Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms

Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms

Diameter of moon 3499 kms

Diametr of earth 12798 kms

The Bhagavad Purana Canto 5, verse 2 says “The sun globe, which is a source of
heat, has a width (vistaratah) of 10,000 yojanas. The moon has a width of 25
yojanas”

1 Yojana is 140 kms ( this distance is modern linear - NOT the energy spiral
time/ distance path which is mentioned in all our Puranas ).  In reality
everything on this cosmos from Macro to Micro is  spiral energy .

In linear time Prakritti (manifest creation) came forth from the Purusha (the
absolute beyond anything created). It is a point from which all came into being.
In non-linear time, this point is always present where the ‘nothing’ and the
‘something’ connect beyond words. This space is 108.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/07/oort-cloud-hindu-yugas-and-breath-
of.html

Yojana/ Yugas  has been poison injected by the white invader to make Hindus look
stupid.  BR Ambedkar was given a list of poison injectd spots in our Vedas /
Upanishads/ Puranas and he wrote a book ( Riddles in Hindusim ) as if he is a
great Vedic Pandit who knows Sanskrit and who has read all our ancient
scriptures.

When you look at the Sun and the Moon from earth they are perceived as the SAME
size, this same size appears because of their distance and diameters.

The 108 division is the coming together of Purusha and Prakriti. It is the
vibration of the Purusha and Prakriti that has put us into existence.

In Ayurveda there are a 108 marmas in the body. They are points where
consciousness impinges the body that can heal or kill a living being.

They are vital points where consciousness connects to the body, where Purusha
(consciousness) is brought into Prakriti (body) to give life to the living
being. When we recite Sanskrit Mantras  108 times it acts as a Kavach
(protection) to each Marma.

The 108 intersections on the Sri Yantra  invoke the cosmic balance of Purusha
and Prakriti and the primordial ability of the seer Maharishi to see both
clearly.

Nine is connected to Ketu, the moksa Karaka (liberation)

In Sri Yantra there are 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4 point
upwards.  The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes
like the 10000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same
relationship between pi and phi .

The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or
'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal
places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were
NOT from Egypt.

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva
and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

Numerologically, nine is a very special number, it always returns to itself.
Look how it behaves with other numbers: 9 x 1 = 9 9 x 2 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9 9 x 3 =
27, 2 + 7 = 9 9 x 4 = 36, 3 + 6 = 9 9 x 5 = 45, 4 + 5 = 9 9 x 6 = 54, 5 + 4 = 9
9 x 7 = 63, 6 + 3 = 9 9 x 8 = 72, 7 + 2 = 9 9 x 9 = 81, 8 + 1 = 9 9 x 10=90, 9 +
0 = 9 9 x 11=99, 9 + 9 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9 9 x 12 = 108

108 is the numerical equivalent of Hindu King Mantra OM , in sync with the
rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  A rudraksha mala
woen by an ancinent maharishi had 108 beads .

When the ocean of milk ( Akash Ganga- milky way of the cosmos  ) was churned in
the beginning of time, it could only be done with the working unity of the
positive and negative cosmic forces- devas (gods) and asuras (demons).

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  The middle
prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex
vibrations, between two poles. This forms the basis of Dvaita Hinduism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-
or.html

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal
gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to
create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology.

The pineal gland produces AMRIT- Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta
carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life
7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to
be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of
belief or faith..

You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5
senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian
Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our
brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole
of universe .

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses.

THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME.

They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to
the visible.

To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing
acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years.

Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of
consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you
need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient
Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA.

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records
, convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use.

The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye.
This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness

This churning allows the kundalini to rise on the mountain axis ( meru)  of our
spine with the turtle of the root chakra below. Wife Parvati rising to meet
husband Shiva at the Sahasrara Chakra- the gate at Sushumna Nadi being opened by
her son Ganesha at Muladhara Chakra.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Kalari talks about 108 marmas.

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons )
. The rest are too short lived.

The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and
contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes.

The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through
hyperspace—the THEORY OF EVERYTHING is inherent in this mystic 3D geometry.

The heat of the big bang cooked up and created the elements in Dimitri
Mendeleev's periodic table. Sanskrit and Malayalam has 54 alphabets.

Vishnu avatar Varaha boar placed 108 in the cosmic equation .  Mind you, the
Muslims stopped worshipping at Babri Masjid at Ayodhya after they saw the boar
statues. They equated it with PIG.

In the Varaka avatar , Vishnu as the boar  carried the Earth out of the ocean
between his tusks and restored it to its place in the universe and later killed
Hinranyaksha ( Jaya ) .

 THISISANAMAZINGALLEGORY.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara

"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the
"earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks. - (S.Baghawatam.
"2.7.1)

See the divine magic.

We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth
rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?

During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the
sun—this again requires some fixing right?

For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the
Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter.

There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this
in our Vedas in 5000 BC.

Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the
major Puranas.

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who
“ has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of
“ creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an
“ offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC

‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for
‘ the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the
‘ universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)

Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a
boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to
humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this- Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed
with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the
domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a
form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.

This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on
Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why
pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and
other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.

The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected
into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig
insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get
transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know
that. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical
cord. They can have dreams. The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with
humans. It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different
species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans.

Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins. Pigs can see
in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

Vishnu first Matsya avatar was a DOLPHIN –that is why NO human being eats
dolphin.

In this purana ,  the dolphin saved the Vedas , which contained the blue prints
for the cosmos and DNA codes of life on earth.  It has been proved recently that
dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures.

They are conscious animals and pass the mirror test.  Only humans , Indian
elephants  and apes like bonobos and dolphins pass the mirror test. Dolphins are
second only to humans in smartness. MRI scans indicate that these marine mammals
are self-aware. Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to
be present only in humans.

Christianity lifted the story to have a male and female specimen of each species
in a stupid NOAH s ark. While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA
codes.

nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai: antha:
thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam / nishprathyooha tharanga
ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha:
maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING: “The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His
lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus
flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen
by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging
cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this
Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC

The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the
brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz.-

The sound emitted by the dolphins, has a frequency of 7.83 hertz which is the
same as the Hindu king Mantra OM and the earth’s heart beat ( Schumann’s
resonance ) .   Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. No
Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM .

From the conch OM sound comes as its innards are shaped by the morphogenetic
consciousness field or BrahmAn.  Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna
blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts. This
sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the
ionosphere as a wave guide.

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the
Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya
Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs
who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu
King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing. When
you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786 -- the holy number on
every Koran.

Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz
being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz Gam - 14 Hz Hleem - 20 Hz Hreem - 26 Hz Kleem - 33 Hz Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

Humans cannot hear less than 20 Hertz- but our hearts can hear it.


Dolphins are attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation
during underwater research.

Harshil Shah September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question -
usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your
earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same
practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any
other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete ###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by
learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few
German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the
entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water
bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges
water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white
man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as
YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE .
WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search- NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s
post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain
silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be
conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to
it .

Punch into Google search- WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK
DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting
Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil



Let me end with a 7000 year old Vedic invocation in Sanskrit-- GRACE AND PEACE!
********************************************************************************
THE CATS WHISKERS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

http://youtu.be/M8k7u-sYBfE

FIRST WATCH THE VIDEO BY CLICKING ON LINK ABOVE--



Whiskers are the cats SIXTH SENSE.

A cat trusts nothing unless it is put to its whisker test. A cats emotional
honesty is due to its whiskers. It is a feelings sensor.


Cats have on an average 24 mystacial whiskers . These are super antennas— able
to detect depressions in the SPACE TIME FABRIC. It is alert to slightest stimuli
and protects them even while sleeping, as it can sense AURAS ( energy ) and
temperature signatures.


The whiskers supplement the cats sense of hearing and sight, by a strange
parallel processing in its brain. This is the reason why they say the cat has
superior hearing sense. Whiskers can sense the air draft caused by sound. To
make your cat blink just touch its whiskers, as they are rooted in a nerve
ending and blood vessel rich area.


The cat does NOT like the natural alignment of its whiskers , in place due to
electrostatic charge to be disturbed. To feel the ticklish charge just lightly
brush your lips or nose tip on the whiskers of your cat. This is the reason if
you feed your cat from a narrow mouthed bowl, it will take the food else where.


The whisker hair strand acts as a DIPOLE antenna ( quarter wave rod,
representing one half of a dipole , the other ground half being the cat's face )
where HF waves induce weak electrical currents. Cats love to sleep at telluric
line crossings.


Cats are known to have traveled hundreds of miles to find their owners in new
homes to which they themselves have never been. -called psi (psychic) trailing.
Scientists have not been able to find a physiological or psychological
explanation for this ability. The secret lies in the whiskers. In extremely dim
light, a cat may feel its way by using its whiskers.


The cat uses its whiskers in conjunction with its tail to land on its feet after
a jump— a natural righting reflex.


Mother cats remove the whiskers of the kittens till they are capable of fending
for themselves and explore.. The whiskers give the cat intuition .


Understanding cats:


An Estonian friend of mine, discared his pet cat . He said it spoilt all the
expensive matresses and carpets in his house by defecating and urinating on it.
And he had to spend nearly one months salary to replace everything.


I asked him " Did you make your cat nervous?"


He said " NO, not at all. But my son had bought a new puppy , as a pet "


I told him " This is the way the cat's DNA blueprint is programmed by god. If
you make a cat insecure, it will deposit urine and feces around the house to
mark its territory. Even rearranging furniture in your house , or a sudden
change in routine , will make your cat stressed, leave alone bringing a new
pup-- as a cat is a creature of habit!".


After he heard all this, he felt bad.


When a cat falls sick, it will withdraw and be almost lifeless to conserve
energy, but will recover sooner than later..


Owning a cat is a good forerunner of marriage. You learn that you cannot control
another living being, or expect someone to do everything you want.

The purity of a person's heart can be quickly measured by how they regard cats.
A cat has absolute emotional honesty, human beings, for one reason or another,
may hide their feelings, but a cat is not a hypocrite. If you are worthy of its
affection, a cat will be your friend, but never your slave. The cat has no need
of society, and obeys only when she pleases.

To please himself only the cat purrs. - Irish Proverb
********************************************************************************
DRAW DIAGRAM , MARINE TWO STROKE MAIN ENGINE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


2 years ago, i went to the company doctor for my pre-medicals.

after taking my ECG the young female doctor, called her young male colleague and
both of them perused my ECG graph for about 5 minutes-- all the time muttering
under their breaths to each other. i was all the while lying down patiently with
all the paraphernalia stuck to my chest.

then the male doctor asks me " captain, do you have a heart problem?"

furious , i hissed back " from 4 metres away while lying down, from this acute
angle , from upside down , i have seen there is nothing on that dang graph , to
make you ask me this naive question. i suggest you immediately ask your more
well informed colleagues"

after 10 minutes they come running back , huffin' and puffin' --" there is
nothing wrong with your heart, sorry for the inconvenience!"

then the female doctor asks me " captain, how to you learn to read the ECG graph
?"

i replied " at sea we read more complicated graphs !"

( to be frank, when my father had his first heart attack , i bought lot of
medical books and expensive CDs' and learnt a lot. at that particular time i
could deduce a korotkoff sound and ECG as well as any experienced cardiologist )
********************************************************************************
ENCLOSED LIFEBOAT ACCIDENTS AND IMO JOKERS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


 





first punch into google search --SINGLE HOOK FOR ENCLOSED LIFEBOATS-VADAKAYIL,
to understand the background of the outrage at sea, towards our moronic law
makers, who sit behind safe desks. ----- From: XXXX MASTER Date:  XXXX 2011
18:47 +0100 Msg: A03153-44422 Subject: XXXXX / BACK UP SAFETY STROPS ON ENCL
LIFEBOAT HOOKS To: XXX TECH2  XXX Cc: XXX MARINE Cc: XXXX SQE Cc: XXX GM Cc: XXX
VP

gentlemen,

pl check out the attachment first.

on XXX-- we use strong wire back up "safety strops" -- even if the LB hooks have
NOT been collapsed in a drill, while retrieving the boat , even in SMOOTH dock
water.

AN "OVERHAND KNOT"  WILL BE PUT ON THE PREVENTER WIRE  STROP/ SNOTTER  TO REMOVE
THE SLACK AND CUSHION THE   JERK / JHATKA IN CASE THE HOOK FAILS. – OR THE WHOLE
SYSTEM  WILL GET UPROOTED.

these short (70 cm 20 mm) dia backup preventer strops are NOT the usual longer "
heavy weather retrieval strops " .

heavy weather stops are a 150 cm nylon strap and a 3 metres wire strop -- in
case an enclosed LB like ours has to be used as a rescue boat.

these hooks , prone to fractures can NEVER EVER be trusted.

to use a rigid hook -- all you have to do is to lift the yellow gravity bridge
with your forefinger.

our saviours in IMO are in fools' paradise. they live in ivory towers safe and
insulated from reality--

-- even 3 decades of never ending sailors' misery have NOT woken them up.


if they had some conscience all of them in IMO would have done HARAKIRI two
decades ago.  am i being cynical? -- NO! -  this is just feedback from the sea!!

what a disgrace -- we are stuck with these "IMO jokers", who cannot visualise a
single hook , single fall boat!
 

bottomline:  i am including this in our march 2011 good practise , to be
promulgated fleetwide.
*******************************************************************************
TIME REVERSAL OF BODY CELLS BY SCALAR WAVES-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Longitudinal Scalar HEALING waves can be sent by a machine or by the human body.




Scalar waves can be sent from any of the mobius coil systems in the human body--
which includes the DNA, the mobius coil within your rib cage .



THE GREAT VEDIC HEALERS USED TIME REVERSAL METHOD 8000 YEARS AGO, USING SCALAR
WAVES FROM THEIR 12 STRAND DNA.




Is this ancient Hindu mumbo-jumbo hubris?


NO!   it is not!







Scalar waves can be used to TIME REVERSE cells back from the cancer condition to
the previously healthy state, as they can travel through space time continium
and though all solids including the earth





Every healer uses scalar waves and can this access higher dimensions.





All energy is a vortex-- NOT a wave, as you are told in your science books.





Scalar waves can also be generated by balancing the RH and LH lobes of your
brain, if your pineal gland is still not calcified.





Cells affected by AIDS and SARS viruses which do NOT have DNA ( they have RNA )
can be time reversed.



You cannot measure Scalar waves of 5 dimensional energy with 4 dimensional
equipment.



However it can be seen visually by Kirlian cameras and GDV ( gas discharge
visualisation ).





Scalar or longitudinal electromagnetic waves come in phase conjugate pairs.--of
of which ONE IS TIME REVERSED.  You can call this identical waves, basically a
WAVE and an ANTI-WAVE  ( following the laws of Tamas-Rajas ) that are in phase
spacially, but out of phase temporarily. Rather 2 identical waves out of phase
in time.





Scalar waves follw a mobius pattern on axis just like your DNA. Within the
vascular mobius coil, there are subsets of figure of eight along major capillary
networks. At the heart , the intersection of venous blood passing through the
right atrium, over laps the aortic blood coming out of the left atrium.





Thus the dying cells can be time reversed back to the healthy original state.
You are NOT trying to kill cancer cells with chemotherapy, and along with it you
kiss lot of your healthy cells also good bye.





You may find hard to believe this. Tesla knew this a century ago. One century
ago if you told somebody that you can have avideo call from your mobilehone,
nobody would have believed you, right?



So keep your mind open about this. This is NOT Eastern mysticism . You can
reverse clogging of the arteries with fatty deposits, and bring down the
cholestrol level, despite eating high cholestrol foods..


The master cellural control system of the human body is holographic.





5 dimensional standing wave field like Scalar energy can also be produced by
machines, electronically, optically or electromagnetically.





Scalar waves can be created by wrapping electrical wires around a figue of eight
in the shape of a mobius coil. When an electric current flows though the coil in
opposite directions, the opposing electromagnetic fields from the two wires
cancel each other-- and creates scalar waves.





Plasma --the 4th state of matter is a crystal like ionised gas, and a super
conductor of electricity --as it has an abundance of free electrons. Plasma can
convert a transverse electromagnetic wave to a longitudinal wave.






This has already been demonstrated long ago . A man by the name of Antoine
Priore has filled up a gigantic tube filled with plasma of mercury and neon gas,
a pulsed 9.4 gigahertz wave modulated upon a carrier frequency of 17 megahertz
was introduced.





These waves were produced by radio emitters and magnetrons in the presence of a
1,000 gauss magnetic field.  Sick animals were exposed to this magnetic field
during irradiation, and the mixture of waves (some 17 or so) coming from the
plasma tube and modulating and riding the magnetic field passed through the
animals' bodies.





Priore's apparatus produced a scalar EM wave/signal with deliberately
constructed, infolded components .
*******************************************************************************
HEALING BY INCREASING CELL VOLTAGE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


CANCER HEALING BY SCALAR WAVES.


Every human being is a microcosmos within himself.   He is a universe of cells,
each with its own individual intelligence.


Within his universe, these cells, countless in number, are dying by millions
almost momentarily. The cast off physical bodies of the cells are thrown out of
the human system in waste. The life spark in each cell immediately reincarnates
and does so over and over again as long as the human system lasts. The
intelligence of all the cells makes up the sum total of the intelligence of the
human system.


Cancer cells are almost without exception, low voltage cells, in the 15-20
milli-volt range.The optimum cell voltage for most cells in the body is in the
70-90 milli-volt range.


Cancer cells are almost exclusively in the low 15-20 millivolt range.  As cell
voltage starts to drop into the range where the very survival of the cell may be
called into question, the cell begins to proliferate uncontrollably in an
attempt to guarantee its own “survival.”



If you raise cell voltage --the cell no longer needs to proliferate wildly. In
effect, it can become “normal” again. The implications for this in treating
cancer could be profound . There is an increase of overall body energy levels
thus increasing cellular energy for trillions of cells to the ideal 70-90 milli-
volt range. Increase of energy covalent level of every single hydrogen atom in
the body can be verified by spectrographs.



This improves cell wall permeability thus facilitating the intake of nutrients
into each and every cell and the elimination of waste from each and every cell.
This cleanses the blood improving chylomicron levels (protein & fat particles
floating in the blood) and triglyceride profiles and fibrin patterns.  It
improve immune functions.


The smallest particles known to man are vibrations.  Thoughts are vibrations.
Words are vibrations. Sounds are vibrations.  Light is a vibration.  Our planet
is a vibration.  Our entire universe and everything within it (seen and unseen)
is a vibrating mass of atoms and subatomic particles. And all energy is a VORTEX
/ SPIRAL


Everything in the universe--from a thought to a mountain, from the smallest
electron to the entire cosmos-- is in a constant state of vibration.


Some people have a sensitized eye for energetic bodies, or auras. They perceive
and/or see colors and shapes in another being's energy field. Energy modalities
like Reiki and Therapeutic Touch involve energy movement and balance within the
layers of the aura.


SCALAR energy is capable of restructuring water molecules into smaller clusters,
thus promoting the biochemical functions of water related activities in the
body, and revitalising the metabolic functions of living things.  When scalar
energy is applied on the human body, the scalar wave both improves the bio-field
radiating outside the body and works internally to permeate the body's tissues.


Scalar energy could enhance the functioning capabilities of both the immune and
endocrine systems. Scalar energy also has the ability to destroy viruses and
bacteria.  Scalar energy facilitates unclumping of cells and enhances
circulation. This allows the fluid to flow rapidly, delivering nutrients to the
cells and carrying waste away from the cells.  This scalar energy also improves
the permeability of cell walls.


Enhanced permeability facilitates the intake of nutrients into each and every
cell and also aids the elimination of toxins from the cells. In this way,
optimum cellular nutrition and detoxification is maintained. This in turn,
facilitates optimum cellular performance and function retard regeneration, age-
related diseases may be prevented and hence slow down the ageing process.



Scalar energy can bring the energy level to the optimum -70 millivolts. Cancer
cells are low energy cells (-15 millivolts), it proliferates to ensure survival.
By raising cell voltage with scalar energy, the cell in question will no longer
need to proliferate uncontrollably and hence retard the proliferation of cancer
cells scalar energy's expansive and circular movement offers a field of
protection shield around the body.



Each individual human cell possesses two characteristics – capacitance and
inductance – which are the elements of a tuned circuit.  Healing energy which
produces tiny eddy currents in body tissue.



Distortion of this field either by geopathic stress/trauma/exposure to mutagenic
agents etc. could result in failure of the body cells to differentiate (divide
to form specific cells) properly, leading to abnormal and unrestricted growth
e.g. leukaemia.  Healing restores the normal morphic field, and will cause
'remarkable recovery' or spontaneous remission.



Electromagnetic applications in energy medicine induce changes in tissue
voltage, improve the activities of the body's enzymes, enhance ion transport at
a cellular level and affect membrane potentials.



Healing often brings a sense of well-being and peace – a general uplifting of
the spirit.



Relief from pain, is long-lasting, as it is due to a physical change rather than
just the enhanced release of the body's own endorphins.


Scalar waves are capable of acting on living organisms at a sub-atomic level,
and certain frequencies of scalar have been shown to destroy viruses and
bacteria. The most efficient use of scalar wave waves appears to be when the
body is exposed en masse to a sweeping range of beneficial frequencies (similar
to those delivered by a healer), which enhances its own healthy resonance and
helps to restore energetic order.


Microwaves may help to account for reports from healers that they can sense/feel
problem areas in the body, during scanning of the body duringhealing They may
also explain sensations of heat reported by healees during healing.


The body does not to consist of dense matter but rather vortices of energy
spinning continuously, vibrating at very high frequency and giving the
appearance of hard matter.



The human body consists of approximately 70% water. Many biologically active
compounds are switched on or off by changes in the concentrations of dissolved
ions such as sodium and potassium. Individual water molecules, with their
tendency to form hydrogen bonds, also stabilise the structure of proteins, whose
action depends crucially on their shape.  If the hydrogen bonding angles of one
molecule are altered, those in the other molecules might be expected to follow
suit (as in a domino effect).



Alteration of bonding angles shown to follow healing the way in which homeopathy
works, when the resonant frequency of certain plants is thought to
electromagnetically imprint upon the water following potentization and
succession of remedies.



magnitude of the bio magnetic field produced by the hand during healing (at
least 1000 times greater than that of normal human bio-magnetism when healing is
not taking place) and the corresponding 'electric' current which is detected
flowing through the hands i.e. the extraordinary large bio- magnetic field
strength was shown not to derive from internal body current alone.


The extra large field produced during healing might be produced by drawing on
the 'infinite energy source' via the Schuman resonance.



Our positive beliefs and intentions act to enhance the body’s natural flow of
scalar energy primarily produced by the heart, vascular system and supercoil
DNA.



Scalar waves provide a zero-point or vacuum field of unlimited potential. This
field neutralizes chaotic incoming signals from the environment and from our
negative thoughts, thereby allowing our cells to utilize their own innate wisdom
for self-healing. When the scalar field resonates with life-enhancing vibrations
all the cells in the body also experience growth signals leading to optimal
health and vitality.


All life on this planet is energy.  Every nerve impulse in your body is an
electric current. Our muscles are powered by chemical energy. Every cell in your
body is a mini-battery pumping out 70-90 millivolts— when healthy.

Digestion is nothing more than a slow form of burning that produces energy for
your body to live on. In fact, death itself is defined as the absence of
electrical activity in the brain.

If you look at the source of negative thoughts and emotions, in all cases you
will find that the root cause is “fear.” When you allow fear to interfere
(enter-fear) with your DNA signaling, you are traveling down the path of
cellular degeneration. The opposite of fear is love. A cancer patient on a 2 way
street of love can cure himself.


Often we are not able to identify the upset or past trauma. In this case, it may
not be as easy as just changing the channel of our thoughts. Even though many of
these issues have been long forgotten, subconsciously, our behavior is still
shaped by them. Our molecular and cellular matrix remembers the painful
experience and may cause us to avoid situations that seem similar for fear of
reenacting the experience. Poor health often results. In addition, this
constricted energy many times affects our habits and perceptions in negative
ways.


Our misperceptions lead us to actions that create obstacles that keep us from
achieving our highest possibilities. We develop unworkable relationships due to
negative actions or we block our professional goals because of low self-esteem.
Our beliefs about ourselves sabotage our creativity and general well-being.


Once you let go of the emotional distress, your thoughts and actions are no
longer influenced by subconscious self-sabotaging influences. Without the
influence of the negative patterns from the past you harmoniously resolve
differences in your relationships. Problems are seen as opportunities for growth
and improvement. You’re empowered by challenges. You respond to life with trust,
confidence, calmness, courage and positive action. You feel energized and have a
sense of physical well-being.


Identify the negative thought or emotion. What is it you are thinking about that
weakens you and disrupts your DNA communication system?  The way we react to an
event is recorded in our molecular matrix. If each cell contains all of the
information for the whole organism, then our experiences, good or bad, are also
recorded on a cellular level.


Those experiences that we perceive as life threatening may continue to resonate
within the memory banks of the body’s crystalline cellular and molecular matrix
because we were not able to resolve the conflict or dissipate its energy. This
matrix memory can alter our beliefs about ourselves and consequently our
behavior as a result of the earlier, traumatic experience.


This can cause us to feel disempowered, have low self-esteem, or feel unloved.
These feelings all have a resonant frequency signature that vibrates throughout
our being. This energetic disturbance upsets neurohormonal pathways in our body
and constrict the energetic flow to cells, DNA, organ tissue, muscle tissue, and
other systems in our body.


Thoughts and emotions have an electromagnetic frequency vibration that is
perceived by every cell in the body through the instant communication system of
scalar waves. Negative thoughts and emotions can interfere with the
electromagnetic, bio photon signaling at the cellular membrane and DNA levels.
When this happens, the communication signals become chaotic and cellular
information and instructions for enzyme and protein formation become blocked.


Scalar waves generated by Mobius coils within the body  protect us from the
negative effects of solar radiation and other environmental electromagnetic
stresses by constantly producing a neutral field capable of deflecting these
harmful non-bio-energetically compatible frequencies. Scalar waves generated in
the body also provide an energetic communication system that connects all cells.
This energy contains the power of the universe and has unlimited potential


Within the vascular möbius coil there are subsets of the figure eight along the
major capillary networks. These major capillary networks are associated with
primary organs and are related to the endocrine glands and correspond to the
chakra energy centers.


The electrical activity of the heart muscle sets up its electromagnetic field,
the strongest field of the body. It is at the heart that the center of the
vascular möbius coil is found-- an intersection of venous blood passing through
the right atrium, overlapping aortic blood coming through the left atrium.


The möbius coil intersection occurs just in front of the lungs, which contain a
huge web-like network of capillary connections. This capillary network acts as a
battery for the storage of scalar waves.



The body is also constantly generating these universal scalar waves. Scalar
waves are produced when two electromagnetic waves of the same frequency are
exactly out of phase (opposite to each other) and the amplitudes subtract and
cancel or destroy each other. The result is not exactly an annihilation of
magnetic fields but a transformation of energy back into a scalar wave. This
scalar field has reverted back to a vacuum state of potentiality. Every atom and
molecule within us depends on the rest of the universe. We are interconnected
outward expressions of this Divine energy. This interconnection is all-pervasive
and instantaneous. The manifestation of this energy comes from the ‘empty’
vacuum, known as the quantum vacuum, which is actually ‘packed full’ of God’s
creative energy in a stable state.


This all-pervading energy is sometimes referred to as a universal scalar wave,
which is a form of electrostatic energy that has the potential to create but is
currently without physical manifestation.


All biological behavior can be controlled by “invisible” energy forces, which
include thought.


During healing the healer's alpha brainwaves synchronise with those of the
healee, so both will be resonating at the same frequency (sympathetic resonance)
. Channelling energy through the healer and to the healee involves both being in
the alpha state.



Modern AIDS and SARS viruses have RNA ( single strand DNA )--think about it!.





Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang
).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum
possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles, we call the cosmic dance of
Shiva from either side of the Quantum screen... Together they express the great
void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to
perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands (
body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by
Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the oceans
for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. The
amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar
knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine LSD--
rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk
DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and
achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are
accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland
is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this
hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in
the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for
Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep,
while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC
raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-
beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of
life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been
measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers,
regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can
vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT
is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a
psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become
active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline
burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant
observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have
too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were
NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its
mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND
LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the
quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and
Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16,
just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT
trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume
Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you
have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters
your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern
mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh
Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of
each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT
external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to
produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now
degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis
, can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life
use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third
eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas
will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the
third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2
strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil.
*******************************************************************************
SECRETS OF MUDRAS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL RAISING CONSCIOUSNESS,  DNA REPAIR,
CHANNELING WITH COSMIC MIND,   AKASHA , NAMASTE AND PRAYER SIGNS,  INTERNAL
ACUPUNCTURE,  NADI CLEARING, ACCESSING SOUL INTELLIGENCE



First let me make you do a small experiment.


Bring boths your hands together , and touch the tips of your 5 fingers of your
left hand with that of your right.  Now take it apart by one centimeter, and
again make 10 fingers bounce of each other about 6 times.


This is why Indians eat with the fingers . Putting fingers into the mouth aids
digestion , as more saliva is released by finger tip energy.


It is common to see rock show audiences showing the AC DC symbol , by sticking
out the fore finger and tiny finger like horns .

Well  there are two types-- top one is APAN mudra, and the bottom one KARANA
mudra.




One day one of my officers asked me what it is.  He found it hard to believe
when i told him that it is a powerful Vedic Mudra.  He thought it was like one
of those middle finger up abuse signs.  Well what the popular AC DC sign means
is " rock on!".

This is a very powerful piece meant for the future.  It is being written on
popular request.



What do the body language experts know?


On Dec 21st 2012, a new Yuga starts after the 25675 year old precession cycle of
the Kali Yuga.  Our DNA has been reduced from 100% in use to  96% junk.  12
strand DNA has been reduced to 2 strand DNA, which are destroyed by RNA viruses
like AIDS and SARS which have one strand RNA.


The resonance of the planet earth has increased from 7.83 hertz to more than 10
hertz.  This is worsened by selfish experiments like HAARP.  Only human
consciousness can correct this erosion. We cannot afford to have our Sun go
supernova. It is a choice we have to make, rather we have NO choice.


This is where the secrets of Mudras come in.



I must digress . We have a choice to take our human body and mind to the levels
of ancient Maharshis who were of the Vedic civilization on the back of the river
Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC, after which they migrated all over to
Euphrates, Nile, and even major rivers of Europe ( Dryuhus or Druids ). The
Saraswati river dried up in 4000 BC due to a major tectonic shift., causing the
Aryans to migrate OUTWARDS .


Mudras are in tunes with the laws of the cosmos. As is the microcosm so it the
macrocosm.

Now I must crack the myth of Stonehenge once and for all. The ancient Vedic
Indian Mandalas (like at Stonehenge) were safe  and silent elevated  geometric
spots for the Druids or Dryuhus to connect their minds with the cosmos, and do
the secretive Mudra rituals, after consuming the super mushroom Soma ( mentioned
in Rig Veda of 5000 BC ) which elevated the Kundalini , raised the consciousness
and did DNA repair.


Getting disturbed halfway by worldly affairs while raising your Kundalini was
NOT an option as you could severely damage your mind and body connection. There
is great secrecy, and after climing on top of the platform with round pillars,
they raise the rope ladder on top. These evolved sages with golden auras , 12
strand DNAs’ and king sized pineal glands  could do superhuman tasks, like
converting energy  to matter, teleportation, telepathy etc..




I had an Estonian IT engineer coming on my ship to retrieve my Satcom
communication system which had a virus. He and his wife were running a Kundalini
and Mudra school, back home . He has zilch idea what the ancient Vedic science
was, yet they were teaching a highly evolved art, where everything has to be
done with Fibonacci precision and timing .

You must remember , when Sanatana Dharma ( Hinduism ) was an evolved religion in
9000 BC, worshipping the black Shiva lingam stones , the white man’s land had
just come out from the quartenary ice age. And there were very few people on
this planet. The next oldest religion came 7000 years later.




The test Arjuna took in Mahabharata of 4000 BC, to win the hand of Draupadi , is
a test of consciousness, NOT Robin Hood type shooting skill .



Only humans can see themselves in the mirror other than elephants.









CHECK OUT THE MUDRA SIGNS BELOW--

THESE ARE NOT SATANIC OR PAGAN SIGNS--

THESE ARE POWERFUL 11000 YEAR OLD VEDIC TANTRA SIGNS, STRONG ENOUGH FOR BUDDHA
TO STOP A RAMPAGING ELEPHANT.

BUDDHA WAS AN INDIAN WHO MADE VEDIC KNOWLEDGE IN SANSKRIT ACCESSIBLE TO THE
COMMON MAN IN HIS OWN WRITTEN LANGUAGE.


















This is why in Indian temples , we keep house elephants for Pujas.  The African
variety is NOT conscious.  A handful like evolved Bonobos, Dolphins etc pass the
mirror test , only partially. When Arjun looked into the water pool and shot his
arrow through the eye of a magnetic fish with a ruby eye, unsteadily floating in
a rotating transparent container overhead it was a supreme test of
consciousness.

Mudras are symbolic finger /hand gestures and body postures.  It is about
expression on inner resolve by deeds NOT words like Mantras. Yet they retain the
efficacy of the spoken word on the DNA.

There are 108 mudras . Most of the sea of knowledge has been eroded. There are
very few masters. 108 is a divine number , as all rosaries hold 108 beads.
Kalari has 108 marmas.

I will NOT be attaching too many Mudra pictures on this post, as I am NOT a
MUDRA GURU.  I just know what it means and what it can do, and I can explain it
well to a layman. Be aware that in the Vedic times a Mudra guru was held in the
same esteem as Ishwar or god.

Instead of taking drugs and medicine with side effects, the Mudra system which
is an off shoot of the Ayurveda sytem, does the same thing without side effects,
faster and with permanent results.

You will NOT believe this unless you suffer from a sever ear ache, OR see
shooting stars while passing blocked urine, OR vertigo is bringing you down ,
and you get a instant miraculous mudra cure . --

--- Or a woman with the middle life crisis having severe endless bleeding ,  is
--- in total depression at a loss on what to do next --  OR a Parkinson patient
--- starts remembering his family  OR an obese female starts losing weight --
--- after such an instant and miraculous cure , you will NEVER EVER look back.

It is about time reversal. I have put a post on it in a scientific manner.

Buddha was a evolved Indian Mudra guru.  One day an mad elephant rushed at him,
and Buddha without losing his meditative composture, used the Karana Mudra hand
symbol while resonating his pineal gland with his 12 strand DNA , and pacified
the elephant, before the tusker could gore him.

All classical Indian dances use the mudra poses. Bharatanatyam dance form used
all 108 of the Mudras.

Lord Krishna was in the pose of Gyan Mudra when he gave the Bhagavat Gita
discourse to Prince Arjuna --just before the Mahabharat war in 4000 BC.




This was narrated by the telepathic seer Sanjaya  to blind king Dhritarashtra
sitting thousands of miles away.

Almost all ancient Hindu temples more than 5000 years old,  have statues showing
Mudra finger and hand poses.

When an Indian greets soemone with a Namaste--it is again a Mudra sign. It is a
sign of goodwill and respect, like a handshake --without passing bacteria.

You raise the namaste sign to your forehead , and then it becomes a payer sign--
of reverence nay veneration.

Handing out a betel leaf in a Kerala wedding is another Mudra.

Mudra is about free electrons at the finger tips having concentrated nerve root
endings , getting redirected back INTERNALLY to the brain along chosen neural
circuits. This is very differnt from external acupressure aue acupunture.

Five forces are controlled by Mudra.  They are  Prana, Apana, Samana, Vyana, and
Udana, and they are part of the  Kundalini's energy.


Through Mudras you  gather these five forces together, bringing them to their
home, the Mother Kundalini, which is sleeping at the Muladhara Chakra,  as
Static energy of the Mother of the Universe. Your Kundalini is sleeping. It has
to be awakened , or you have NOT experienced ecstasy and bliss on this planet.


When the Apana rises upward to the 'Fire Chakra,' the flame of divine fire grows
strong and bright, being fanned by Apana. When the Apana fire mixes with the
Prana, which is naturally hot, the spiritual heat of the body becomes bright and
powerful.

When the Kundalini feels this extra heat, she will awaken from sleep; then she
goes into the Sushumna.  The Kundalini is coiled like a serpent, and by Mudra
the Kundalini will certainly move and open the mouth of the Sushumna.

Without moving the Kundalini, there are no other means that will clear away the
impurities of the 7200 Nadis.  The Great Goddess Kundalini, the Energy of the
Self, sleeps in the Muladhara. She has the form of a serpent, having three coils
and a half. As long as she is asleep in the body, (finer body), the jiva is a
mere animal, and true wisdom does not arise.

Some of the important Mudras: Maha , Nabho , Udiyana, Maha Bandha, Maha Vedha,
Kechari, Jalandhara, Yoni, Viparitakarna, Kaki, Sambhavi etc

Mudras will NOT be taught by a Guru, unless he sees that you are worthy of being
taught. Or it is like giving a tinderbox to a money.



When you know man, you know the universe.

Yajur Veda reveals :  "Yatha pinde tatha brahmande, yatha brahmande tatha
pinde"--   "As is the individual, so is the universe, as is the universe, so is
the individual."



Mudras are NOT mere finger and hand gestures . They are closed electrical
circuits" of the subtle channels in physical and etheric bodies which offer
psychic protection.   They have been created by ancient Hindu seers . .  They
retain the efficacy of the audible shabda brahmAn with more potency.

The Gherand Sanhita and the Vajrayana Tantra advise that the Mudras are capable
of bestowing great psychic abilities ( siddhi ) on their practitioners.

Ancient Indian sculptures show various Mudras. There are 108 of them in Mantra
Shastra (the book of incantations), Upasana Shastra (the book of worship and
prayers) and the Nritya Shastra (the book of classical dances).

The gains from all mudras are permanent and achieved without interfering with
the natural working of the body mind or spirit.

By touching together of the tips of the fingers or the finger tips to other
parts of the palms this free energy (Prana) is redirected back into the body
along specified channels, back up to the brain. The redirected energy traveling
through the nerves stimulates the various chakras. Keeping the hands on the
knees stimulates the Gupta Nari and makes the energy start from the Mooladhara
Chakra.

Tension applied to the nerve/s and/or the neural or psycho-neural circuits
formed by the mudras help in balancing the five basic elements (or building
blocks).

This balancing of the tension, and redirection of the internal energy effects
the changes in veins, tendons, glands and sensory organs, to bring the body back
to a healthy state.

Mudra devised by seers is a very exact and scientific yogic function by which
one can develop or change, one's internal and external dispositions viz. mental
(anger, emotional disturbance, intelligence etc.), spiritual (concentration,
meditation) or physical (in various diseases, illnesses).

There is NO allopathic medicine for all these emotional states which cause loss
of sleep and affect your work and harmony in the home.  They are like literal
remote control switches bringing quick and effective changes. The function of
the human body is much like a transformer, receiving energy from the Universal
flow of Prana, distributing that energy, and then eliminating it

The 24 words of the Gayatri Mantra have a special relationship with 24 mudras
known as GAYATRI MUDRAS. They have different names and formations. The
importance of Mudras is also clear from the grim qualifier to these:

Etaa Mudraa na jaanaati, Gaayatri nishphalaa bhaveta

To him who does not know Mudras, Gayatri becomes ineffectual.


  



the below link is for chetan chandra who queried on my post BLUE AVATAR AND
VIAGRA dated 2nd dec 2010, for his allergy problems..






http://youtu.be/nDYDm8My7LI

Harshil Shah September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question -
usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your
earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same
practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any
other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete ###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by
learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few
German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the
entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water
bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges
water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white
man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as
YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE .
WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search- NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s
post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain
silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be
conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to
it .

Punch into Google search- WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK
DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting
Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil
*******************************************************************************
MORMONS , BANKROLLED BY ROTHSCHILD -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





 


 


All Indians must know that India was taken over by the East India company ,
which was owned by Rothschild Jews.


Rothschild made their money by drug running, primarily. They grew opium in Malwa
and Bengal and sold it in China on their own ships. Their agents in Mumbai were
Bagdhadi jew Sasoon and all the Mumbai Parsees ( who are all filthy rich ).


Free Masons ( illuminati ) are the original drug cartel.



Rothschild went into religion too, to control the word.

One of their brainchilds was Mormonism.


While navigating up the Houston river, I got to talk with the pilot for about 3
hours -- where he gave the the entire histrory of Mormon. By the time he
finished he was frothing from the mouth. He was also a Mormon missionary in his
young age.

I asked him " Do, you know who is Rothschild?"

He had NO dang idea.

So i told him who started his religion, and what was the purpose. The poor man
was a bit taken aback, and his face became white.   It shows he was a good man.

After that I could NOT go down to my cabin, fearing the safety of my ship, in
the hands of a shaken up pilot whose mind would be chattering like hell.

I wonder if he is still a Mormon, today.



A brief gist about Mormons--

In 1821 a young treasure seeker named Joseph Smith claimed to have had a vision
from God. First he said it was from Jesus, then he said from Jesus and many
angels, and then he said that it was from Jesus and God the Father. This is what
they go by today. Mormons claim that Joseph Smith was visited by Jesus and God
the father;


- but the Bible tells that no man can look upon the face of God and live. He was
- also visited by a so-called angel named Moroni, who supposedly told him about
- a secret manuscript, written on golden plates, telling the true Gospel. And
- that he was to translate this into the Book of Mormon.


The unwritten beliefs are ( this stuff is NOT preached by missionaries ) --

Long ago from an unknown god ,and goddess, was born a man named Elohim who was
later born to human parents, and he lived his life and became a god like his
father. He is also claimed to have fathered many children. Two of them in
particular are named: one is Jesus, and the other is Lucifer.

They decided to put all of Elohim’s many children on a planet, and that the
planet needed a savior the bid, for it came down to Jesus and to Lucifer. But
Jesus won out because he had unselfish reasons. But then Lucifer revolted and
turned many of Elohim’s children against him, and they were banished to the
earth, never to have physical bodies.

The people who were on the side of Jesus were very light skinned. And the people
who remained neutral in the battle, their skinned turned black and this is the
Mormon explanation for the black race. They believe after that battle the people
were sent to Earth, and Elohim came to earth, and had sex with Mary, and that is
how Jesus came to Earth.

They also believe that Jesus took three wives while on Earth: Mary, Martha, and
Mary Magdalene. They also believe that Jesus fathered many Children during his
time on Earth, and that Joseph Smith their founder was a direct descendant of
Jesus. They believe that after a life of Mormonism and a Mormon marriage has
taken place, that when they die they will become gods too.

DOES THE FOUNDER PROPHET SMITH BELOW,  LOOK LIKE A GOLD DIGGIN' RICH FREE
MASON-- OR A SAINTLY MYSTIC?


They also believe that they will have their own planet, and many goddess wives,
and their job for eternity will be to populate the planets.



80000 missionaries are funded by Rothschild to form the Mormon "people power
organisation". For without people power, "financial power" and "political power"
falls flat on ths face. All missionaries have an average age of 22, and are NOT
married . There are more than 400 secret Mormon missions world wide and 12
million brainwashed Mormons worldwide, of which 5.4 million are in USA.



The young missionaries cannot have sex-- but Joseph Smith the Free mason 33rd
degree founder, had 27 wives.



The missionaries are allowed to call home only twice a year--on Christman and
mothers day.


The co-founders Hiram Smith and Brigham Young were also Free Masons. They were
financed by Rothschild's Kuhn Loeb bank.

The bullshit Jewish propaganda was to be " Jews under the leadership of prophet
Lehi , migrated from Jerusalem to USA in --hold your breath -- 600 BC, via the
pacific sea route " .

Being a sea captain for 3 decades, I can safely say, that this is " morbid
hallucination ".

Jesus had appeared and taught the Nephites (after his ascension). The history
and teachings were abridged and written on gold plates by the prophet Mormon.
His son, Moroni, made additions and buried the plates in the ground, where they
remained about 1,400 years, until Moroni, a resurrected being or angel,
delivered them to Free Mason and Rothschild agent Joseph Smith; subsequently
Smith returned them to Moroni.


In February 1844, Smith announced his candidacy for the United States
presidency. He was by now one of the most famous men of the American West. He
was finally charged with treason and conspiracy and placed under arrest in the
Carthage, Illinois, jail.



There, despite the Illinois governor's promise of safety, he and his brother
Hyrum were assassinated by a pissed off mob ( at the ongoin' rampant sex orgies
) on the night of June 27, 1844.


There are more than 9000 Mormons in India, and their number is growing. The
Indian Missionaries are given a large sum of money from Swiss banks, for every
convert. They have to listen to the living prophet for orders.



This type of thing of payment per person , was invented very early by Rothschild
.

For every Hessian soldier mercenary who dies in USA for the British during the
war of Independence -- Rothschild collected blood money. This number ran to more
than 20000. A lot of the poor Hessians were marooned as they could NOT go back
home to Germany after the war, due to shortage of ships--and their descendants
are still in USA.



Let me end by warning all  Mormon Indian --  DONT SCREW UP INDIA AGAIN,  BY
BEING NAIVE ROTHSCHILD AGENTS.

first punch into google search--  MURKY TRUTHS OF SEPOYS MUTINY, THE FIRST WAR
OF INDEPENDENCE- VADAKAYIL.




When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and
were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great
civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in
Sanskrit. An employee German Max Mueller working for German Jews Rothschild, the
owner of opium running British East India company, was told by Vatican to
subvert world history to prove to all, that Bible dates are right. That the big
bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion
years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500
BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) . BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda
was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot
of Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out
of India, with their Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm )
as modern DNA tests have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . The
Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish
religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at
Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican.




Here is a wager-- How many of you will bet their bottom dollar with me, when I
declare " THE NEXT US PRESIDENT, AFTER OBAMA ,  CHOSEN BY ROTHSCHILDS ( VIA
BILDERGERG CLUB  ), WILL BE A MORMON".


Who says money does NOT talk?

After I am proved right, you can trust this post.

Till then you can be mE guest and continue to remain skeptic!
*******************************************************************************
ADAM VS EVE, BATTLE OF THE SEXES -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


 


The video above " Never trust a woman " --for she will kick you where it hurts
most, when you least expect it.

What makes a male happy may not be the same for a female, whom god has wired in
a different mysterious way.

Striyas charitram purushasya bhagyam , Devo na jaanati-- krito manushyaha !

( translated from Sanskrit 7000 year old saying-- the character of a woman, and
( the luck of a man , even gods dont know-- leave alone man !"


If you want to keep your city bread --nay-- bred wife happy read on.

She wants unconditional love from you, so don’t try to relate to her abilities
in the kitchen or in bed. She wants you in her moment of need , not the next
hour.

Women are not goal oriented, rather they are relationship oriented. ( better
have a good relationship with your female boss.) She will talk to you about
problems to get close or to unwind. It is not that she wants a solution from
you.. She wants you to show understanding, care, and respect, Don’t argue with
her feelings.

You breach trust when you intimidate her , the relationship is now irreversibly
weakened—like milk which has curdled.

On returning home from office or from away-- find her first, and listen to what
she has to say. Validate her feelings if she is upset. When going out on your
own or away ask her if she wants anything. Compliment her cooking—all her dishes
cant be horrible.

Women love to dress up , put mascara and lipstick and go out for an
occasion—create occasions for that. Or buy her a surprise saree. Once her saree
and earrings has seen by all at a wedding function, she will refuse to wear it
again. ( ellarum kandu puzhuthu poyi! )

Take a picture of her on special occasions to show that you care. Don’t ignore
here in public, especially if she is the mod type.

And if she has carried the heaviest bag to the car after a shopping spree with a
sullen face — be careful.


If you are a woman and reading this piece—then you must know what keeps your
husband happy.


Men look for success to make them worthy of female love. Relax and cooperate
with the differences instead of trying to change them, especially in bed. Your
nagging might be the repetition of unpalatable truths, but man hates nagging,
especially after a hard day.

Men unwind by forgetting problems.. Not to be wanted by his woman is slow death
for a man. When a man is insecure –his auto response is to say “I don’t care”.
Don’t read too much into this.

It is usual for men to stop communicating and go into a deep sulk , when he is
upset. Only women nag when upset-- just to get centred, men don’t do that, nor
they can take that. ( Pssst! What is nagging—just the repetition of unpalatable
truths! Ok?) -

Macho man hates to be pitied. When he screws it up , if you say—“ it was not
your fault”, he will love you for the support and acceptance as he is —this is
not the time to go into a high pitched, high octave truth finding exercise.

Men blow hot and blow cold , swings between loving intimacy and autonomy( not
indifference ) . Men want space, give him that. Man can get angry ( actually
upset ) if he has no dang idea what to do next—it need not be finger pointing at
you.

If a woman wants something she must ask him—say for a sari—man will assume that
he is giving her enough and more . Give man the freedom to say NO—it does not
mean he means NO and will not say YES as a matter of free manly choice.

When your husband is upset lie low, till the hurricane passes.



--and by the way – here is one in the eye for women's lib movement . Ever seen
--an animal or a bird or a mammal ( insects please excuse ) where the female
--gender is more beautiful, stronger or intelligent than the male gender?

Why is a master chef or a master tailor--always a man-- pray ? prithee !? LET ME
END WITH SOME JOKES --



Friends of women: A wife was not at home for a whole night The very next
morning, she tells her husband that she stayed at her girlfriend's apartment
overnight.


The husband calls 10 of her best girlfriends and none of them confirm that.

Friends of men: A husband was not at home for a whole night. The next morning,
he tells his wife that he stayed at his friend's apartment overnight.


The wife calls 10 of his best friends and 5 of them confirm that he stayed at
their apartments that night and another 5 are claiming that he is still with
them.




"As good as this bar is, said the Scotsman, I still prefer the pubs back home.
"In Glasgow , there's a wee place called McTavish's. The landlord goes out of
"his way for the locals. When you buy four drinks, he'll buy the fifth drink.


"Well, Angus, said the Englishman, at my local in London , the Kings Head, the
"barman will buy you your third drink after you buy the first two.


"Ahhh, dat's nothin', said the Irishman, back home in mE favourite pub Micks,
"the moment you set foot in the place, they'll buy you a drink, then another,
"all the drinks you like, actually. Then, when you've had enough drinks, they'll
"take you upstairs and see dat you gets laid. All on the house!


The Englishman and Scotsman were suspicious of the claims. The Irishman swore
every word was true.


"Did this actually happen to you?


"Not mEself, personally, no, admitted the Irishman, but it did happen to mE
"sister quite a few times.

Viva la difference!  Women still want to be the first to be rescued from sinking
ships.

When the President of world women's liberation organisation got a flat car tyre
after a conference. she waited nervousy ( hiding her badge ) till a kind man
changed her car tyre.

On the other hand , if a wife wears the pants and shirt of her husband --no
problem. But if the husband wears his wife's saree or salwar, god save him from
society!


A sexual affair , which does not come under the category of rape, can never be
49:51 as women pretend to.  It is always 50:50.

Why is it that all hate mother-in-laws?  Father -in-laws are loved and respected
!! Bottom lines: Nobody will ever win the Battle of the Sexes. There's just too
much fraternizing with the fuckin' enemy. - Henry Kissinger.



Two of the hottest topics in women's magazines— why men are such filthy pigs AND
how to attract a man!

I am sure no sane Indian woman wants " maker of self statues " or " bong
express" as the Prime minister of India.

Mahabharata war was started by a vain Draupadi , who ridiculed Duryodhana , when
he slipped and fell into the water pool. First she ridiculed him because he was
circumspect with all highly polished and reflective floorings looking like water
pools.

Ramayana war was started by Sita, who refused to go back with Hanuman, and
wanted Rama to fight Ravana and win the war, and then take her back.

We in India love to say that our women are Sati savitris. Take this from a
sailor of 4 decades. God has made all women the same. Indian women are afraid of
social stigma. Otherwise they are as bold and daring as the women of the west.

And if you ask any woman , what type of man she wants. She will give bull about
sense of humor, character, sensitivity, well read, well travelled, tall- dark-
handsome -- blah blah-- all of them want only one type of man in their darkest
dreams --( they will never ever admit this ) --  THE original caveman-- who is
virile enough to impale her and lift her off the ground using sheer PP .



When a lady is pregnant, all her friends touch the stomach and saying
"congrats". She expects it. But, none of them come and touch the man's penis and
say "Good job". --and he does NOT expect it.


Now let me say something that even women will agree - " female bosses in a male-
dominated environment will invariably wreck other women's promotion hopes,
especially if she is better lookin' than her".

-- any woman dares to disagree? suggest you don'tcozthis has been researched in
-- almost all the western countries. Even women prefer men customs officers at
-- the airport RED channel.

Here is a bad joke to make all women hoppin' mad at me -- ( just for kicks ! i
hope my wife does not read all this, for she will surely kick mE ass-- )

A man will help a woman undress here multilayered tedious clothing before sex.
However after sex, she always dresses on their own. Moral of the story: In life,
no one helps you , once you're screwed.

--and here is one for the alleyway—


This Famous German wrestling champion perfected what he called the "Pretzel
Hold".

This hold was famous for incapacitating anyone he would apply the hold to. A
huge match against the American Wrestling Champion was scheduled to begin
shortly, and as the American and his coach were preparing, the American's coach
set him down to talk.

"Bill, he said, whatever you do, don't let Swiensteiger throw that awful pretzel
"hold on you, you might not survive it.

"Sure thing, Coach the American replied.

The match began and as soon as the bell sounded, the German ran accross the ring
and immediatly threw the American into the dreaded pretzel hold!

The American Coach was frantic! He ran around the ring and finnaly found a towel
to throw in to stop the match, when to his amazement, the American was up and
wrestling again!

The match went on and the American was victorious.

Afterwards, the coach had to ask "Bill, how in the hell did you get out of that
pretzel hold, nobody has ever gotten out of that hold!"

Bill replies "Well coach, when I was all tangled up with that German, I saw this
pair of balls hanging in front of mE face, so I just bit down on them with all
mE might and you know,

--It's amazing how fast you can move when you bite your own balls!”

well women can console themselves--this would never happen to them , right?

so agreed-- woman is one up above man, at the last count!!
*******************************************************************************
OM , AUM - SOUND OF ZPF, CYMATICS SOUND OF TOE GEOMETRY SRI YANTRA -- CAPT AJIT
VADAKAYIL AUM, OM, THE KING MANTRA, THE PORTAL OPENER, THE AVALANCHE TRIGGER





OM SOUND MUST HAVE THE VIBRATORY RESONANCE QUALITY.

It is about shifting internal frequency to match external frequency or vice-
versa, to vibrate in harmony and unison.   It can hardly be uttered in a
rosgolla sweet sound of Anuradha Paudval, or the super thin " tum saamp mein
sampera " type voice of our old nightingale Lata Mangeshkar



OM or AUM-- AJIT VADAKAYIL


The sign of OM is the sign of Hinduism.

OM is the first and foremost of all mantras. Mantra is the sound body of
consciousness.

Unless you see a video of CYMATICS ( patterns of sand on a tonoscope ) you will
never understand the power of mantras.

OM is considered as the sound of Cosmic Energy and contains all the sounds in
itself.

As per the Vedas OM is the sound of light.


The spiritual efficacy of Om is heard, not by the ears but by the heart . OM
surcharges the innermost being of man with vibrations of the highest reality

The human ear can discern only a very narrow band between 20 Hz to 20000 Hz. The
rest in inaudible. This is why NO cosmic sound can be heard by the human ear.
These cosmic sounds were heard by rishis in their spiritual trances which
broadened their sense spectrums.

However our brain can register the vibrations. Diviners use OM resonance to find
water in arid areas. the spiritual efficacy of OM is NOT on the gross sound, but
on the subtle sound which is heard by the heart and uttered by the mind.

 

Uttering of Om is identifying oneself with the cosmic resonance the efficacy of
the mantric power of Om emanates not only from its sound vibrations, but also
from the inner attitude of the speaker-- his spiritual purity and his freedom
from worldliness.

The earth vibrates at 7.83 Hz and so does OM. The primordal vibrations of atoms
and molecules is thus represented by OM. When 2 vibrating systems are in
resonance with each other, a rise in the amplitude of the waves take place.

In our case, the brain and the global electric circuit resonance leads to a rise
in amplitude in the waves dancing in our brain. Rise in amplitude causes a rise
in our consciousness energy.

Chanting OM produces a sonorous vibration like the buzz of a mighty transformer.
The vibrations produce scalar waves which calms the mind. It produces an
antigravity effect on water, due to the science of cymatics , and your body is
mostly water.

Th MMMM humming boosts the production of Nitric oxide in the body. This was
known to Indians and documented 7000 years ago.


OM tone has a vibratory massage effect on your organs. The vibrations penetrate
the deepest tissues and nerve cells, blood circulation round the body increases,
bringing much more oxygen to different organs and the secretion of hormonal
glands is also stimulated.


OM vibration generates electro-magnetic waves which propagate throughout the
body making you feel more dynamic and joyful. Most importantly, this amplifies
your ability to visualize.


OM opens up quantum tunneling, where the wormholes do NOT have a restriction of
speed of light. DNA is a superconductor that stores light at body temperature,
and can create magnetic wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and axional membranes
are also hollow cylinders.

Vedic rishis arrived at this tone more than 11000 years ago, (which we can
calculate mathematically) , "simply" through intuition and meditation while
identifying themselves with Cosmic resonance. Vedic civilisation flourished on
the banks of the river saraswati from 9000BC to 4000BC.


The secrets of this universe are contained in energy , frequency and vibration.




Chanting OM raises your vibration to a higher consciousness, and it clears the
channel for intuition.


From the conch OM sound comes. This is why all Vedic Hindu temples have it. The
puja room in my house has 2 king sized conches. The sound it produces is
awesome.





Every Mudra has to be preceded by OM. The Bible uses the corrupted version of
AMEN, which does NOT resonate.


If you make the sound "Om" in front of a drop of liquid, it will transform
itself into a sri yantra which is very specific visual form which is symmetrical
and also holographic, in that every bit of it contains all of it.


When you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786--the holy number on
every Koran.





Chanting OM stimulated your Vagus nerve which releases anti-ageing neuro-
trasnsmitters.. It helps regenerate your organs and cells by activating stem
cells.

Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz
being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz Gam - 14 Hz Hleem - 20 Hz Hreem - 26 Hz Kleem - 33 Hz Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

 



The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu
King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing.

 
Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the
Indian Sri Yantra ( which contains the TOE ) based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was
drawn in 8000 BC --see video below.

 

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang
).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum
possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles, we call the cosmic dance of
Shiva from either side of the Quantum screen... Together they express the great
void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to
perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands (
body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by
Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the oceans
for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. The
amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar
knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine LSD--
rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk
DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and
achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are
accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland
is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this
hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in
the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for
Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep,
while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC
raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-
beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of
life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been
measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers,
regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can
vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT
is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a
psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become
active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline
burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant
observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have
too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were
NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its
mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND
LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the
quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and
Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16,
just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT
trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume
Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you
have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters
your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern
mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh
Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of
each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT
external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to
produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now
degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis
, can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life
use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third
eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas
will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the
third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2
strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil.


LET ME END WITH A 7000 YEAR OLD VEDIC INVOCATION-- GRACE AND PEACE!
*******************************************************************************
DOWSING, POWER OF QUARTZ CRYSTAL -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


When i was 11 years old my parents decided to make a new home in a large plot of
land , owned by our family.

This plot had a very ancient disused well, and the water was unfit was human
consumption.


So they got hold of a famous water dowser. Early in the morning we got him to
our plot . This man was so old, he could hardly walk. So i was the guy who
assisted him around. I remember as soon as he sat down to do puja his
hydrocealed balls popped out, and i was very embarrassed.



After the puja he took out his magnetic compass , and a quartz tetrahydron, and
he went around for about 10 minutes  . He pointed to a spot just 15 feet off the
ancient spoilt well and said--

 " Dig here, the water will be sweet and perennial ".

My father nodded in agreement , and then he was given breakfast. I remember the
old man eating like he had never seen food before, and once when he choked , i
gave him tea to chase down the food stuck in his throat "

On the way back i told my parents " How can you get good water , so close to the
old well, where the water in acidic and coffee coloured ? "



My father replied " Be prepared to be surprised -- he has a 100% track record--
and if you have noticed he meditated for a while before he did the dousing . He
has NOT used the usual Y shaped stick or L shaped wire rod -- he used his own
crystal quartz, handed down in his dowser family for thousands of years. There
is a lot your CBSE science books don't teach you  !"



I had to agree.  For here was a holy man with a flowing beard and long hair ,
NOT interested in playing to the gallery. He did NOT even tuck back his popped
out balls.  He just concentrated on his job.

Two weeks later, I went to see the well with my parents and sisters. The water
was cold, sweet and crystal clear .

Later we my mother decided NOT to build a house there , as the next neighbour
and his wife were murdered for their gold, which they kept inside their house
almirah.

Even today ,after 43 years-- when the whole area wells dry up , the people come
here to take living water home.

So--when a dowser uses stick and rod--he uses his idio-motor nervous system,
involuntary muscles , harnessing energy vibrations and the magnetic /  telluric
fields to guide him to the best spot. Ever notices, dogs keep away from telluric
crossings , while cats love to sleep on it.


QUARTZ crystal dowsing is a whole different science. It cannot be done by soul
without ESP. His subconscious guides him do do the divination , with 100%
accuracy.

When my wife did her 4th degree Reiki grandmaster's degree, her guru  was so
pleased with her abilities with the quarts tetrahydron dowser, that he gave away
his extra personal one.  He also gave here a chart showing her lineage with his
name as her predecessor--stating with Usui, the Jap Reiki founder.

WHAT FOLLOWS IS VEDIC SCIENCE FROM 5000 BC.  If Vedic technology knew dowsing
--this is the ultimate of classical stuff.

Quartz crystals have the ability to produce and exchange energy. It can also
amplify depending on its cut and stucture to resonate . Quartz crystals are used
by science as a conductor, semi- conductor and superconductor too. You quartz
watck keep perfect time based on its vibrations right? And you must have heard
of the silicon quartz microchip.

Here is a secret --brainy people do NOT wear quartz watches. Every vibration is
a whiplash to your ethereal body-- but that will be another post.

Clear quartz crystals are "super-conductors" of HF cosmic radiation, UV energy
and geo-magnetic fields.. A super-conductor can transmit energy without
impedence. Cosmic radiation includes Hard Gamma , Gamma and X-Rays. When these
rays pass through the atmosphere they create high energy particle showers. Geo-
magnetic energy vibrates at 7.83 hertz , which is the resonance of OM , AUM and
also the planets Schumann's resonance.  Human audio range starts at  >20 Hz.

Quartz crystals are "conductors" of visible light and IR radiation. The tiny
impedence is reflection and refraction. This impedence organises, encodes and
patterns the light photons.This is why they have photo-electric and pyro-
electric potentials. The IR component allows it to be used in remote controls.

The photo-electric component is used in Solar energy technologies ( Silica di
Oxide ). Silica discharges electrons when exposed to sunlight.--flow of
electrons is electricity, right?

Whe quartz is exposed to heat too, it discharges electrons--which is the
technology used in digital thermometers.

Vedic Maharshis with 12 stand DNA from Kerala went to Pharoah's Egypt convert
the bullshit calcite quarry stones ( used on Sphinx ) to the hard silica variety
used in Pyramids. The crushing weight of the millions of tonnes of huge silica
stones in combination with the water from underneath sub- terranean Nile tunnels
emitted plasma from the apex of the pyramid.

An eerie blue plasma glow halo ( like the blue-oyster bar ) could be seen for
thousands of miles around the apex of the pyramids , as a indicator of Pharoah's
divinity.



It was the NEON GAS TUBE of that era. Quartz crystal's magic properties are
exceed in "super- conductor" "orgone plasma", which is a gas, with abundant free
electrons--making it a ionised ..



QUARTZ RESONATES ALL FORMS OF RADIO WAVES OF THE ELECTRO-MAGNETIC SPECTRUM.

a "semi-conductor"  causes rhythmic pulse.  This is the principle behind binary
"on:off" "0:1"   " if:then " language of modern computer technology.

getting boring?

ok-- here is a joke : "if mE aunty had balls, then she would be mE uncle"  TEE
HEE.

fresh again?

this VIBRATION is what causes your quartz watch to keep exact time. The rate of
vibration depends on strength and frequency of electric current.

This is how the Vedic seers found out the frequency of OM and produced the
cymatics of OM in the form of Sri-Yantra which holds the theory of everything,
with singularity black hole or BINDU at the centre.


We can have a fuc#in'  all mighty big-bang expanding the universe at the speed
of light, 14 billion years ago--  without an opposing energy OPEN LOOP FEED-BACK
sinking and disappearing somewhere, into some dang hole for ever , right?



Bombarding quartz with sound OR by hammering them also causes piezo electricity.

In the human body every crystalline cell wall is capable of storing charge. The
collagen network LCD also hold charge.

Secret: When you dowse you have to produce the OM mantra to resonate your DNA.
If you are doing it right, you will feel like scratching the middle of your
forehead ( Shiva's third eye ) and one inch below the navel .

Quartz is the power stone and the universal crystal. It expands the mind to
touch the spirit world, by channeling and clarifying psychic vision --. Since
thought is a form of energy, it enhances thoughts , balances energies, and wards
away negative energy -- but all this will be another post, only if I get into
the giving away free mood .


Coz- it is like giving a tinderbox to a monkey. You can harm using quartz.


This is why if you buy a diamond in India, you can return with back with no
questions asked , after 6 weeks



All ancient Indian kings had a quartz dowser to diagnose/ examine his food and
water, prior consumption, in case he feared foul play. Rather quartz can focus
ANY type of energy, and everything in this cosmos is energy--right?.



OK, enough of quartz--

If you use the rods , you  must hold the rod L handles at the one inch below
navel area, like the gunfighter at OK corral. The rods will swing and position
themselves like magic parallel to the earth water lines. This means you have to
walk perpendicular to the lines , right?  for if you walk parallel they wont
move-- If the rods start swinging even before you start walking , it means you
have been standing on a line--so better start again.


A low energy soul cannot dowse.


Every ancient Indian architect knew Vaastu shastra. That is why the Egyptian
Pharoah send his Hawk with a fax message begging the Maharshis to go to the Nile
.





Jesus Christ was in Kerala for 3 years , before he burst upon the scene at
Jerusalem at the age of 17, to raise his Kundalini , learn Astrology, pendulam
dowsing, Healing, divine geometry, prayer with intention , mudras etc ( as per
Edgar Cayce ). One thing for sure Jesus became a vegetarian ( no fish!).








India was the only source of diamond till 150 years ago. Even today Indians are
the best diamond cutters, to get that SPARKLING FIRE due to several total
internal reflections, with < 24 deg critical angle.


Kohinoor diamond on the British Queens crown was stolen by a slave when Lord
Krishna was sleeping in 4000BC.





The greedy queen ( present Queen's mother Elizabeth ) snatched it away from 14
year old boy king Duleep Singh, and as a reward allowed him to play with the
royal kids at Buckingham palace.  This stone had a curse and couldy be won only
by gods and chaste women . After this stone was put on the crown, the great
British Empire's graph slid down on a assymptotic curve.
*******************************************************************************
THE BACK SWING OF JOHN GALT -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




ATLAS SHRUGGED,  ROTHSCHILD BLUE PRINT ,-- AYN RAND -- THE GREAT MARKET CRASH OF
2008

One of my officers who read my blog post -- told me " Sir, I enjoyed all your T
shirt logos. But I did NOT understand the one about " John Galt gets on my wrong
side once too often"

 punchthisingoogle--OLDSEADOG-VADAKAYIL



This is what i told him--



In 2008, the banks and markets crashed world wide.

All were at a loss to figure out what happened.

This method has been used by Rothschild , the owners of British East India
company, and the worlds first drug cartel, (who grew opium in India , and
finally took over India) -- quite often.

Opium traders Rothschild took over India vide The Battle of Plassey in 1757 --
it was a BIG LIE.

First of all the trigger of the Black hole of Calcutta was COOKED UP . It was
tom tommed by East India Company that Nawab Siraj Ud Daula locked up 146
Britishers in a small dark ill ventilated room, out of which 123 died. The truth
is only 58 people were in the room , out of which 19 died..




Adam Smith used this PEARL HARBOUR or LOUSITANIA type cause to start the Battle
of Plassey in 1757, for East India Company to take over India. The battle itself
is a white lie. The battle never took place. Siraj Ud Daula was killed before
even a single shot was fired by his brother-in-law and army Commander Mir
Jaffar, who was bribed by Rothschild employee Robert Clive.


Mir Jaffar was made a stooge Nawab and in return he gave a lot of Siraj Ud
Daula's gold and diamonds for Robert Clive to take home personally in secrecy.
Clive wanted to squeeze him more and when unable to milk him further, shoved off
Mir Jaffar and put his rival Mir Qasim as the Satrap.

It was my wife who forced me to read the book ATLAS SHRUGGED in 1983. She wanted
to know what the hell it was all about , telling me it is the best seller on the
planet.

I read the book twice from cover to cover. It appeared to be a blue print for a
future world order to me.

--and it was so easy to discover that all the millions of books were published
--and bought up with Rothschild money and burnt secretly en masse in furnaces
--and all opinion polls were rigged by the Phillipe Rothschild owned world
--media.


This book was written in 1957, by a Jewish Russian American by the name of Ayn
Rand ( Alisa Rosenbaum , born 1905 , from St Petersberg ) . She has put herself
in the book as Dagney Taggart-- the heroine.

The hero was of course John Galt, who is clearly Phillipe Rothschild. The book
glorifies capitalism and the virtues of selfishness-- typical of Zionist bankers
and Free Masons.

John Galt does not make an appearance in the novel till it is 2/3 over.  But he
gets a great introduction --    rather his reputation precedes him, by the
constant corny brain thumpin' refrain " Who is John Galt? "

-- the readers are now in the common quest to discover this answer rivalling the
-- holy grail .



As the bullshit plot unfolds John Galt is turn out to be a creative inventor,
the great all American Jewish capitalist who has all the grey matter and moolah.
He and his Jewish industrial leader ilk are supposed to hold the burden of this
planet-  like how Atlas held up the whole world on his shoulders , as per Greek
mythology.



Every noticed--when it came to holding his own crap-- Atlas could NOT hold it--
crap is that heavy , right?

TEE HEE.




John Galt pissed off with lack of moral support from the government and masses ,
goads his capitalist fraternity ( read as Free Mason Zionist jews brotherhood  )
to shrug off the burden of this planet from their shoulders,

--or in other words refuse to lend their productive and creative genius to teach
--the common man a severe lesson once and for all. Get them to cry UNCLE by
--twisting their arm to bone crunching submission.




What Ayn Rand fails to realise is that the Rothschild , (which included her
lover Phillipe Rothschild ), made their money by the Opium produced from Malwa
and Bengal in India.

This opium was taken by Rothschild owned British east India Company ships to
China and Europe and USA.  All Boston Brahmins ( Free Masons ) are Opium
traffickers.  A lot of the ancient US universities like Yale are made from drug
money.

Punch into google search DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY- VADAKAYIL, to get a
handle on what went on under unsuspecting noses.

To hell with genius and creativity-- it was all about crime and greed and
selfishness.  They got the whole of China addicted with opium, including the
Emperor.

Ever heard of the opium wars? Why dont you punch it into Google search?

So John Galt gets all the Jew moneybag industialists  and Zionist capitalists to
go on strike and get the wheels of the world to come to a grinding halt-- and
collapses the so called parasitic moocher society.

John Galt's idea in Atlas Shrugged ( or rather Rothschild Blue print ) is to
bankrupt the whole world by running down their OWN businesses into the  ground
--  as will be reported by their own media , while actually they will convert
everything into gold and hide it in secret vaults.

Only the world share markets crash and gets bankrupted-- their own moolah is
safe.   After all most of the money is just a figure on the financial
computers-- it does NOT exist on paper.

The whole world would be staggering from the terrible effects of devalued
currency and inflation --BUT the Rothschild and their ilk would be safe, and
sniggering --




-- and after teaching all and sundry a most painful lesson which would be
-- programmed into their DNA, as a lesson they would never ever forget, the
-- Zionists would come back ( after getting begged on the knees by the brainless
-- common man ) and take over the reins once again.on polular demand , mind you

A Zionist is to Hamas as Jew is to Muslim. Hamas uses stones and guns, while
Zionists use power and finance.




The message was :--


THE MESSAGE WAS LEAVE US ZIONIST CAPITALISTS ALONE.  WE KNOW WHAT IS GOOD FOR
THIS PLANET.

YOU NEED US --  SEE WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU !    NO JOBS, NO FOOD, NO ELECTRICITY,
NO HOUSES -- NOTHING -- YOU ARE IN LIVING HELL !

DON'T EXPECT US TO LEAD OUR LIVES ,  FOR YOU PARASITIC MOOCHERS SAKE.

DENYING PROFITS TO THE JEW CAPITALISTS  BY TAXES , AND NOT ALLOWING US TO BE
RATIONALLY AND OBJECTIVELY SELFISH WILL PAINFULLY DESTROY SOCIETY.

DON'T EXPECT US TO BE CHARITABLE AND ALTRUISTIC-- WE ARE THE BRAINY ONES WHO RUN
THE MOTOR OF THIS PLANET .

LEAVE US ALONE TO MAKE OUR PROFITS AS PER OUR CHOICE AND LEAD OUR OWN LIVES.


FUC# YOU !





So in 2008-- as per the John Galt blue print -- Jewish Lehman bothers went
bankrupt first -- causing the DELIBERATE DOMINO EFFECT.

The whole worlds wealth SELF DESTRUCTED ON COMPUTER and suddenly vanished --
this is the essence of financial engineering --

 POOOOOFFF!


Trillions of Dollars were then spent to bail out and prevent the world system
from collapsing FURTHER and total fiasco.




This bail out money would be the common poor mans' future tax burden.




US Federal Reserve which is a private Zionist Jewish organisation ( it is NOT
owned by US government ) injected billions of dollars into the American banking
system.

Other banks had to follow suit and Wall Street was brought on its knees, Global
equities including in India nose dived.



IMF lead by Rothschild man Kahn and IBRD would make trillions of dollars
available to struggling countries, and put them in the vice of debt traps .  The
Fed gave 2 Trillion dollars in loans to Citigroup , Morgan Stanley etc.




The crash of 2008 has been planned for several years.

It did NOT happen overnight.

Crash the economy--

Have the government ( tab picked up by the common tax payer ) throw vast amount
of money to the banks till the coffers were exhausted --

the Zionist Jewish money bags will now step in as saviors, with their tailor
made (for themselves) solution - to avoid the dire looming shadows of domino
effect-




In the book Atlas Shrugged Ayn Rand uses a blackout in Newyork, instead of the
2008 Wall Street collapse , for the dramatic trigger.






The book Atlas Shrugged ends with the hero, John Galt, nay  Rothschild, who
pulls the plug of the motor of this planet, lifting his triumphant hand up in
the air and drawing the symbol of his organization, in the air --


--and he says  "We (  read as  Free Mason Rothschilds  the captains of the
--industry  ) shall follow this symbol back."




Nathan Rothschilds money source was Tipu Sultan's gold.  They murdered him while
having breakfast in 1799 after he had stolen all the gold from Kerala temples (
the fruit of 5 milleniums of spice trade )  , with the connivance of local arab
half breed muslims,  and made a single heap of gold at Srirangapatnam. His
Hessian army regiment in India were pure mercenaries, paid by Opium money--and
they were loyal only to the Jew ,NOT to the British queen..


“To poorer Jews throughout Europe, Nathan Rothschild’s extraordinary rise to
“riches had an almost mystical significance—hence the legend of the Hebrew
“talisman,” the magical source of his good luck, which became associated with
“him in Jewish lore. This extraordinary story—a version of which was published
“by an anonymous author in London just four years after Nathan Rothschild’s
“death (1836)—imagined that the source of Nathan’s financial success was his
“possession of a magical talisman. His wealth was in fact intended for a higher
“purpose: to avenge the wrongs of Israel” by securing the re-establishment of
“Judah’s kingdom—then rebuilding of thy towers, Oh! Jerusalem!” and the
“restoration of Judea to out ancient race.” (Ferguson, Niall—Official biographer
“of Rothschild . The House of Rothschild: Volume 1: Money’s Prophets: 1798-1848,
“Viking, (1999), pp. 21/22)


See the John Galt pledge above.  It is OK to run drugs, steal from all and
sundry, crash stock markets, kill Presidents, prostitute your soul by slave
running etc- right?,  When the western countries, came out from the quaternary
ice age in 9500 BC, and were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt
grunt, India was a great civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing
silk and writing poetry in Sanskrit. An employee German Max Mueller working for
German Jews Rothschild, the owner of opium running British East India company,
was told by Vatican to subvert world history to prove to all, that Bible dates
are right. That the big bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM (
while it happened 14 billion years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s
arc and party happened in 2500 BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) .
BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and
prayer on this planet is an offshoot of Hinduism and every language is an
offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out of India, with their Swastika symbol (
inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm ) as modern DNA tests have proved, never
into India, as contended by Hitler . The Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point
star has been adopted by Jewish religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan
temples are the main attraction at Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem
and Vatican.



Here is a 7000 year old vedic chant--Grace and peace!
*******************************************************************************
THE UNQUANTIFIED HOLOCAUST AND GENOCIDE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THE UNQUANTIFIED HOLOCAUST-- GENOCIDE OF HINDUS BY MUSLIMS AND CHRISTIANS ,
PERSECUTION MOST FOUL- DESTRUCTION OF A GLORIOUS 11000 YEAR OLD CIVILIZATION



Let me start off with a video ( above ) of 7000 year old vedic chants --GRACE
AND PEACE!

Try and read this post, with the chants running.



The map above is of ancient Hindu India-- after Alexander the great came to
India and was beaten back.

The map below is after India was invaded by the Muslims






The whole world knows of various genocides and holocausts which happened over
the centuries.  Every knows about the Bamiyan Buddha destruction--


Historians have quantified all of them—whether it be Hitlers’, or Red Indians or
Australian aborgines or Serbian or Spanish Inquisition or whatever—


Not even the British have cared to quantify the Hindu genocide which happened at
the hands of the invading Muslims and also the Muslim rulers of India over a
period of 900 years .


 90MILLIONINNOCENTHINDUSBUTCHEREDOVERPAST800YEARS--WHOCARES?

(this 90 million does NOT include the huge genocide of Sri Lankan tamils in 2010
(--

OR

the  1.3 million indentured overseas Indian labourers , duped by colonial
British and used as slave labour worldwide,

OR

the Indian soldiers who were cannon fodder and pawns in both world wars, buried
without memorials ( 1.11 lakh is WW1 and 2.43 lakhs in WW2) ,


WE FIND STUPID INDIANS CRYING FOR THE FAKE 6 MILLIONS JEWS OF THE HOLOCAUST.

ENCYCLOPEDIAS DID NOT RECORD IT, TILL THIS BLOGSITE FORCED THEM TO  .


THIS 90 MILLION DOES NOT INCLUDE THE FAMINE DEATHS  IN INDIA –DELIBERATELY
INTRODUCED IN SUCH A FERTILE COUNTRY..

9.8 million Indians  died in the great DELIBERATE famine of 1769- -deliberately
starved by Rothschild controlled East India company employee Warren Hastings ,
who wanted Opium , Indigo and Jute for export instead of food.

Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE Guntur famine in 1832 to make people
lose hope and force them to migrate as Indentured labour in foreign lands .
Rothschild planned two years in advance as in 1834 Black slavery was abolished
and replaced by Indian Indentured labour.

Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE Orissa famine caused by Rothschild in
1866 / 67 where 5.8 million Indians died of starvation .There was mass exodus
and indentured labour to foreign lands

Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE famine in India of 1876–78 where 6.3
million Indians died , while 61 million Indians starved . Again there was mass
exodus to foreign lands as indentured labour.

We Indians are more familiar with the DELIBERATE famine in 1943 ( Bengal ) for
which Amartya sen got the Nobel prize when 5.2 million Indians died.  Rothschild
screwed the Bengali clan of Subhash Chandra Bose who dared to jump from British
camp to Jap camp in the middle of WW2


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-
reinvented.html
  

 



Just 68 people were killed at Norway, and BBC/ CNN wants to give hours of
memorial services LIVE on prime time -- because they were white Christian folks.



The milllions of forced Hindu to Muslim conversions at sword point is not
included in this post.



Today hardly anybody cares—Vijay Mallya has gone an bought Tipu Sultans sword,
which has spilt the blood of hundreds of captured and tied up Hindus of Kerala —
hung upside down on trees..





The invading Muslims never even spared the dead bodies of attractive young
women. It hardly matters if the pretty young woman had committed suicide by
poisoning herself.




These uncultured Muslim invaders would have intercourse with the dead body— as
long as it did not smell or was NOT cold and stiff.

Rajput women used to  jump into the fire in a practice called Jauhar if they
felt they would be captured alive or freshly dead —to escape from the endless
agony of Muslim harems abroad/ dead carcass rape.



Almost all ancient Hindi temples and palaces were torn down by the marauding
foreign  invaders.




Initially it used to be to unearth hidden gold and diamonds in secret vaults or
underground wells.



Later , for the Muslim rulers ( NOT invaders ) like Aurangazeb , it was to
detroy infidel’s places of worship.




India was the only source of diamonds on this planet till 160 years ago.



In a minor Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple at Trivandum Kerala 2 weeks ago, 24
billion US dollars worth of gold and diamonds were unearthed . The main stone
Kallara vaults have yet to be opened , due to a Judicial stay order—for
security.



This gold was lowered by a pulley system into the vaults, fearing that Tipu
Sultan would defeat the Varma king.



After Tipu Sultan was killed the Rothschild family who owner the British east
India company, took away the gold in several ships.



Rothschild , owner of East India Company removed the solid gold spires of the
Taj Mahal and shipped them to Britain , in 1857, after they took over India by
an engineered Sepoy's Mutiny--




and replaced them with brass imitations .



They also prised out removed all the precious stones—rubies, Sapphire, Emeralds
, Diamonds from Taj Mahal and filled up the ugly holes with semi-precious
stones.




Even today if you take permission from the Govt of India ( it will NOT happen to
prevent Hindu- Muslim riots )--

you can see the deep underground well, with circular elaborate stairs in the
innards of Taj Mahal — it was a Rajput palace , made of Rajasthan marble


where the treasures could be submerged in an jiffy , and the treasury officials
of Maharaja Mansingh could escape into the Yamuna river via series of doors.


Here are a few black and white ancient pictures, taken by the British Museum
historians - anyway. There are hundreds more pictures of all these bricked up
vaults and rooms of the Taj Mahal in the British museum at London.





Above is a Vedic design on a bricked up interior room ceiling of Taj Mahal (
Tejo Mahalaya ).





What is the need to have hundreds of rooms ( all bricked up ) , in 7 storeys,
and dozens of toilets, inside Taj Mahal?



Why is the Islamic Taj Mahal facing south,  and why is it built on Vaastu
principles ?

And why is Hindu king mantra OM occupying pride of place?



By the way, the queen's name was never Mumtaj Mahal but Mumtaz-ul-Zamani.


Mahmud of Ghazni plundered the treasures from Gujarat’s Somnath temple, and he
stole the Shiva Lingam too. .



700 years later Emperor Aurangazeb was the last to destroy Somnath temple.


Ghazni did it for the treasures and the black stone. Aurangazeb did it for
religion.



Why should Ghazni steal the Shiva Lingam.  Well at Kaaba in Mecca 5 feet on the
south east corner is such a meteroritic black stone. Ghazni knew for sure the
powers of this stone.




It is unbelievable that Pakistani Muslims support invader and rapist Ghazni.
Their missiles are named after him.  Indian and Pakistanis belong to the same
stock—we look the same with the same DNA.




There are more muslims in India than in Pakistan.  Vedic culture belonged to
Pakistan too.  Let us be very clear about it. They belonged to the Saraswati
river area.




Most of the Muslims in Pakistan were forcibly converted at swordpoint by the
invaders— unless they had a different DNA of the invaders from Turkey, Caspian
sea region—and look like Imran Khan..



 AndinanycaseeastandwestPakistanwascreatedbyRothschildsusingtheir33degreeFreemas
 onsChurchillandMount
 batten,toputabufferbetweenthecommuninstsandtheblueIndianocean.





Mountbatten used his wife to get the pulse of India  from Nehru. The fight after
the partition was engineered by Rothschild. It was apparent even in those days
that a nuclear submarine like Kursk can bring a country to its knees.






On Dec 17th 1398, Timur Bin Taraghay Barlas of Turkish- Mongoloid stock  , who
came from Amu Darya put to the sword more than one lakh Hindus in one single day
, as per his own admission in his memoirs Tizk-I-Timuri.




He boasts that 10000 heads were cut off in one hour flat in a great orgy where
blood flowed like a stream. Tamerlane or Timur or Timeur E lang , massacred 1
lakh Hindus ( 100000 ) including women and children in 24 hours--


He left the sacking of Delhi for the next day. This man --nay --animal was the
great great grandfather of Babur.

In a cultured land of Hindus of Ram and Lakshman and Bharat-- where no brother
or son would ever kill a king -- we got to see muslim brother blinding brother,
muslim son killing father, muslim father killing son --- mother gouging off step
son's eyes--





He kept all the attractive young women to be taken as slaves for harems.



The enormous Bibi Kahnym mosque at Samarkand was built with the treasure loaded
only to 92 huge elephants.




Most of the money went for recruiting further mercenary soldiers for the Ottoman
Empire.




Has any historian ever considered why the Ottomans were so successful? They paid
their soldiers well, and allowed them the spoils of war. It was NOT about
Alexander the Great type of leadership and motivation



Utab-ud-din Aibak built the first mosque in delhi—the Quwwat Al Islam using
stones and foundations of the great temple built by Prithvi Raj.


Part of this temple is still and appendage on the backside of the mosque.


Shamsuddin Iltutmish destroyed all the Great temple of Varanasi in the 11th
century.


Aurangazeb banned Diwali and put a heavy backbreaking jizya tax on all non
muslims. A lot of poor Hindus got converted this way too. Aurangazeb broke
idols—






He was NOT looking for buried treasure in the innards of any temple.  He built
mosques on great Hindu stone temples at Varanasi and Mathura, on the same
foundations and same stones.


On the sacred Sri Krishna Kesava Deo temple ( site where Krishna is rumoured to
be born ) at Mathura he built the Katra Masjid mosque, by he left the back part
of the mosque with temple walls.




Also check out the Vishwanath temple spot at Varanasi, with the tall minaret
mosque built in 1669, by the Ganges --the backside uses the old temple walls.


I am NOT gonna talk about Ram Mandir and Babri masjid and add fuel to fire .
This blog is NOT to put a finger in the sore spot of muslims. I have read the
Koran and find it to be fine religion, ideal for those Arabian Bedoin desert
days — spoilt by irreversibly by despots and power grabbers.



I am from Calicut. Our records clearly state the atrocities done by the  invader
from Mysore-- Tipu Sultan, who broke almost all the temples .



He was looking for gold and diamonds .  He did NOT have any royal lineage.


His father Hyder Ali was just an opportunist armyman who took over at the right
time. Tipu was Hyder’s son by his 2nd wife Fakrunissa. When ever Tipu Sultan
went on a campaign he used to consult Hindu astrologers at Ranganatha Temple at
Srirangapatnam –such was the paradox. He also consulted the astrologers at
Lakshmikanta temple at Kalale.


Hyder Ali lay siege to Calicut’s  King Zamorin ( Samoothiri ) . The king
committed suicide in 1766 , by blowing his gun-powder armoury up. He feared he
would be tortured to reveal the whereabouts of his gold vaults.


Zamorins finance minister was tortured and killed.


A huge percentage of North Kerala muslims were forcibly converted by Tipu
Sultan, as per British records. The people just submitted as he was an expert in
ethnic cleansing by torture and terror. Today 25% of Kerala population is
Muslim.


He renamed all the towns with Islamic names. Kozhikode became Islamabad. Today
only Feroke retains the old name.  Rest have all been named back to original.

British changed Kozhikode to Calicut.  Today once again it is back to Kozhikode
, as my passport bears testimony.


A lot of local Muslim supporters called Mappilas terrorized Hindus to make them
migrate and thus grab their Tharavadu ancestral house and lands.—immovable
assets really, as recorded by the Portugese Fr Bartholomaco.  Tipu Sultan got
his son married to the daughter of Arakkal Biwi Queen of Cannanore.



Famous ancient temples looted and desecrated as per British records were :
Triprangot, Thrichembaram, Thirunavaya, Thiruvannoor, Calicut Thali, Hemambika
Temple, the Jain Temple in Palghat, Mammiyur, Parambatali, Venkitangu,
Pemmayanadu, Tiruvanjikulam, Terumanam, Vadakhumnnathan Temple of Trichur, Belur
Siva Temple, Shri Veliyanattukava, Varakkal, Puthu, Govindapuram,
Keraladhiswara, Trikkandiyur, Sukapuram, Maranehei Temple of Aaalvancheiri
Tambrakkal, Vengara Temple of Aranadu, Tikulam, Ramanathakra, Azhinjalam
Indiannur, Mannur Narayan Kanniar and Vadukunda Siva Temple of Madai.





The biggest loss was the 7000 year old Thirunavazha temple, along with priceless
Vedic records. This temple waseven older than 6000 year old Guruvayur. Tipu
Sultan was prevented from destroying the Guruvayur temple by Hydrose Kutty, who
told him that the 8000 year old black idol has been shifted to the Ambalapuzha
Sri Krishna temple in kingdom of Travancore for safekeeping.


Tipu was killed by the British in 1799. At the spot he had fallen there is a
stone memorial , which I had visited, along with his palaces in Srirangapatman-
all built with Hindu temple treasures.


In 2003 the sword of Tipu Sultan was bought by Vijay Mallya. The sword of Tipu
Sultan carried an inscription in Persian: "My victorious Sabre is lightening for
the destruction of the unbelievers. Thou art our Lord, make him victorious who
promotes the faith of Muhammad. Confound him, who refuses the faith of Muhammad
and withold us from those who are so inclined".


Tipu had dropped his sword while running away afrom the battle ground after he
lost the battle with the Raja of Travancore at Aluva.

Even today you will find that his fort is Sultan Bathery is just a Jain temple
with no modifications. This man had NIL respect for other religions— except when
he wanted his own future to be known in advance.

While he was being buried , as  recorded  by the British , the heavens poured
out and rejoiced – or it could be a coincidence – it unseasonally rained like
never before on 4th May.


BOTTOMLINE:   CAN ANYBODY ESTIMATE HOW MANY TRILLIONS OF US DOLLARS WORTH GOLD
AND DIAMONDS WERE STOLED FROM HINDUS BY JEWS ( GERMAN ROTHSCHILD ),  CHRISTIANS
( BRITISH / PORTUGUESE ) AND THE MUSLIMS ( OTTOMAN MOGHULS ) AND TAKEN OUT OF
THE COUNTRY?


WHAT ABOUT INDIAN VEDIC KNOWLEDGE WHICH WAS HIJACKED AND PATENTED IN OTHER NAMES
PROJECTING HINDUS AS A DAFT RACE.




INDIA HAS NEVER ATTACKED ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN ITS HISTORY TILL NOW.




ALMOST ALL MOSQUES MADE IN THE MOGHUL PERIOD, WAS ON TOP OF A DESTROYED TEMPLE.
BASICALLY DIGGING FOR GOLD ,  AND FOR A VANTAGE SITE WITH PROPER VAASTU.



Indian Hindu women who wanted to get married and immigrate to UK in the
seventies , were given compulsory virginity tests at the airport by the
immigration.  They would never ever dare to do it for any other religion. The
British Prime minister officially agreed 70 such tests--while actually hundreds
were done.


Everybody knows that Hindu spiritual leaders like Rajneesh , Prabhupada and
several others were poisoned by Christians , who came into the inner circle as
devout followers. What is the need to do all this? Why should Krishna
consciouness be whitewashed and converted to Christ consciousness , by people
who do NOT undertand the meaning of Consciousness -- a common Hindu man is
unable to figure out..


Whenever a Hindu cries enough is enough, and even objects verbally in a peaceful
manner, he is immediately branded a HINDU NATIONALIST-- AN EVIL ENTITY--  WORSE
THAN A TERRORIST .






Here is a sample of how revered Hindus are insulted in their own country, by
paintings of their Gods in sexual orgies, by a Muslim painter MF Hussain.  We
have Christians , Muslims and pseudo foreign cocktail circuit Hindus coming
regularly on foreign funded TV channels, declaring that Hussain-saab is such an
angel and that Hindus must be tolerant to freedom of expression. A poor starving
Hindu has only his gods for solace.


Goddess Sita sitting on 10 headed Ravana's thigh, at Sri Lanka , both nude ,
combing her dishevelled hair, after the act -- and scout Lord Hanuman aghast on
seeing this immoral sexual act !!





Above Lord Hanuman playing peeping Tom-- aghast at what is goin' on. The man on
top in position 69 , is NOT Ravana or her husband Lord Rama!  I dont want to
write here who he is-- every Indian knows, who this third man in forest exile
with Rama is . His blood will boil !!

Above Goddess Sita straddling Hanuman's tail,-- rather impaled by abstract. (The
war could have been avoided if Sita went back to India from Lanka, after Hanuman
showed Rama's ring and offered to take her back--as ordered by Rama. Virtuous
Sita did NOT.  In Ramayana , Hanuman would NOT dare to look at Sita's face ,
only her feet, out of respect). Ravan is supposed to set Lanka on fire with his
tail--here is is by abstract setting Goddess Sita on fire--  of a different
carnal sort.



Above is Shiva's son Lord Ganesha's head in between nude Goddess Lakshmi's
thighs. He has made sure by giving the lotus.



Above Lord Shiva's son , Lord Ganesha's belly overhanging-- and as a signboard--
sarcasm, at its best.



Above is an sex orgy between Hindu gods. Hindu gods like Lord Krishna and Shiva
are depicted blue. He has made sure , we dont lose identity by highlighting the
Sudarshan Chakra and Lord Ganesha under a Goddess.




Above--total debauchery. A erect penis peeping through a Glory hole-- check out
the piss orifice . This is depicted as a Shiva Lingam, by putting a snake around
it ( artistic feedom, right? ) . Two lesbian wives Ganga and Saraswati have NO
use for Lord Shiva's manhood and nothing to do with it and are relaxing after a
69 sexual session. Crows are eating the remains of what they have licked off
each other's bodies .

By the way Shiva Lingam is Lord Shiva's PINEAL GLAND, not his penis-- as
ridiculed by immature Vatican.


IF YOU ARE A HINDU PASS IT AROUND " MY MESSAGE IS, DONT BE A FUCKING COWARD.
THERE ARE TIMES WHEN TAKING A SLAP ON THE OTHER CHEEK MAKES YOU A SLAVE -- MY
PARENTS WERE SLAVES , SO WERE YOURS -- THINK ABOUT IT  !"


When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and
were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great
civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in
Sanskrit.

An employee German Max Mueller working for German Jews Rothschild, the owner of
opium running British East India company, was told by Vatican to subvert world
history to prove to all, that Bible dates are right. That the big bang of cosmos
happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion years ago )
and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500 BC ( life
came on earth 4 billion years ago ) . BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda was
written in Sanskrit.

Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot of Hinduism and every
language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out of India, with their
Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm ) as modern DNA  tests
have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . The Indian  Dravidian
Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish religion. Shiva Lingam
stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at Mecca Kaaba  , Dome of the
rock at Jerusalem and Vatican.
*******************************************************************************
THE OPIUM RAJA , BRITISH STOOGE , RAM MOHAN ROY- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

EAST INDIA COMPANY , DRUG RUNNER ROTHSCHILD'S ACCOUNTANT,-- RAJA RAM MOHAN ROY ,
THE MAN WHO SOLD THE SOUL OF INDIA






I remember, there was a question in my Social studies final examination of 9th
standard.

Who was Raja Ram Mohan Roy?

So i wrote' Raja Ram Mohan Roy was a great social reformer of India 2 centuries
ago. He abolished the evil system of Sati,  BLAH BLAH--" . Lord Macaulay and Max
Mueller would have been proud of my answer --

Today I am much wiser-- for there was NO Sati system in Bengal, in those days or
before.

VERY RARELY HAS HISTORY BEEN SUBVERTED FOR A SINGLE PERSON BY VESTED INTERESTS
AS WHAT FOLLOWS— READ IT , AND IF YOU HEART TELLS YOU THAT YOU NEED TO PASS IT
ON , PL DO IT.    EVERY YEAR THE ENGLISH MAYOR DOES A FUNERAL SERVICE FOR THIS
GREAT BRITISH STOOGE AT HIS MEMORIAL IN BRISTOL, WITH SOME BONGS HAVING THEIR
BRIEF 5 MINUTES OF GLORY ON LOCAL TV.

I HAVE NOTHING FOR OR AGAINST OPPORTUNIST,  RAM MOHAN ROY.


Last year my chemical tanker was at Stapelton anchorage of New York. There was a
delay in berthing , and my ship finished the USCG COC and Methanol wall wash
tests .

While at anchorage , I had nothing to do. By chance I put on my cabin TV and got
a TV channel quite clear. In USA and Europe ( except UK ) all TV has gone
digital, and it is NOT possible to get a picture on a analogue TV.

This channel was a Evangelist Christian channel.  After an hour of taking a
mental onslaught  it was clear it was a Jewish channel trying to masquerade as a
Christian channel. Excellent orators were trying to drive into the subconscious
of every Yank Christian, that it was GOD’S WILL to support the state of Israel.
In between they scratched the back of the Catholic paedophile clergy, stating
that they should be forgiven for their trespasses. A woman and her daughter ,
both in tears , were both molested by the same Pastor , and the evangelist tells
them , that the good Lord wants them to forgive.  Suddenly out of the blue
another evangelist came to talk about the institution of marriage, and guess who
he chose as the role model—Rothschild, --who had an arranged marriage yet, he
cared for his wife and children, and were such a loving family--sniff !. And
then this guy takes over the Israel and Jew stuff, and goes on and on about how
a trueChristian  human being should support Israel, about the dire and imminent
threat to the holy land from satanic Iran --  BLAH BLAH—pathetic! I was glued to
the TV and I stopped taking phone calls, telling the bridge OOW to tell all that
Captain is resting. And then comes this 2 hour documentary movie, about pastor
William Carey, how he landed at Calcutta by East India company ship and went to
Sehrampore in 1793 , how he could NOT convert a single Bengali Hindu to
Christianity for the first 6 months .

For the uninitiated, East India company was owned by Jews Rothschild,  who were
the original drug cartel of the world. They grew opium in Malwa and Rangpur in
Bangladesh ( those days part of India ) and sold it to China and USA.   All the
original Free Masons , the Boston Brahmins and the filthy rich Parsees of India
were opium agents of Rothschild. East India company finally took over India in
1857 after engineering a Sepoy’s revolt – about cow lard and pig grease smeared
on cartridges made a Hindu / Muslim who had to bite off the pin, impure. William
Carey's true and hidden task was to make a English Sanskrit dictionary, and get
as many Sanskrit works translated to English. All valuable Vedic knowledge books
were stolen. Their main protagonist was Ram Mohan Roy. They also used the great
Sanskrit scholar Hariharanada Vidyabagish.  Mind you, Ram Mohan was NO Raja—it
is a title given to him by the grateful British for being their type of Indian.
The “ grease and lard “ story was converted to a “Sati” story.

Between 1796 and 1797 the trio of Carey, Vidyavagish and Roy fabricate a bizarre
spurious religious treatise  known as the "Maha Nirvana Tantra" (or "Book of the
Great Liberation") and palmed it off as an ancient Sanskrit religious text to
"the One True God" actually the Holy Spirit of Christianity masquerading as
Brahma- to KICK START the conversions from Hindusim to Christianity.

Tantra was reduced to pervert sex.


For convenience his mother was told that he was in Himalayas searching for the
Supreme truth. Ram Mohan Roy was at logger heads with his orthodox Brahmin
father , got kicked out of his home at the age of 16 ,due to his lack of
respect.

To spite his father , he got himself converted to Islam for a brief while learnt
Arabic and Koran , and then reconverted himself back to be on the right side of
the British.



In 1799, Carey is joined by missionary Joshua Marshman and the printer William
Ward at the Danish settlement of Serampore,--


 afterthenewsofhisgreattriumphsinconvertingHindusinIndiareachbackhome.

 



The new idea was to print Bible in Bengali, for which they needed Ram Mohan Roy.



Rothschild noticing the use of this Indian Brahmin who was ashamed of his own
Hindu religion , and was also a pseudo Muslim, took him to Rangpur ( Rangpore )
–the head quarters of their Opium factory—called conveniently as the East India
Tobacco Station.


There were constant peasant uprisings , both Hindus and Muslims rose as one, to
fight against British tyranny. They were forced to cultivate cash crops like
Opium –while they were traditionally Indigo, Cotton, Sugarcane cultivators.
Taxes for growing the wrong crops were very high, and many farmers had committed
suicide.


Ram Mohan Roy was the Munshi in charge of accounts. He made a FANTASTIC FORTUNE
by embezzling the East India Company off their secret Opium accounts .


Thomas Woodforde, Registrar of the Appellate Court at Murshidabad had previously
thrown out Ram Mohan Roy for manipulating accounts and stealing money.

 ButthiswasasecretasWoodforde’snephewhadmademoneyoutofthefakeVedictextMahaNirvan
 aTantraunderthepseud onymArthurAvalon.WoodfordenevertoldJohnDigbytheEastIndiaCo
 mpanycollectoratRangpur.



Under Carey's secret tutelage in the next 2 decades, Rammohun launched his
spirited attack against the bastions of Hinduism of Bengal, namely his own Kulin
Brahmin priestly clan (then in control of the most of the temples of Bengal) and
their priestly excesses. The social and theological issues Carey chose for
Rammohun were calculated to weaken the hold of the dominant Kulin class
(especially their younger disinherited sons forced into service, who constituted
the mobile gentry or "bhadralok" of Bengal) from the Mughal zamindari system and
align them to their new overlords of Company.

The Kulin excesses targeted include – the “ grease and lard “ Sati (the
concremation of widows), polygamy, idolatory, child marriage, dowry. All causes
equally dear to Carey's wicked ideals.


Sanatana  Dharma was renamed Hinduism due to the efforts of British stooge Raja
Ram Mohan Roy.  The ancient people of India were originally Aryans.

This term Aryan along with the Aryan symbol Swastika , was handed over on  a
platter to the invading white man,  so that it can be said that they wrote our
Vedas, after driving the Dravidians South.


The word Hindu was regularized by the white Christian Missionary publications.

In 1815 after amassing large wealth from Opium accounts embezzlement ,  Rammohun
resettled in Calcutta , as a fabulously rich man , enough to rival the rich
opium agents of Rothaschilds-- the Parsees of Mumbai  , and started an Atmiya
Sabha -

-- as a philosophical discussion circle to rundown and denigrate  monotheistic
Hindu Vedantism. It was now time to gain power –as without power wealth is of no
use. His horrified mother filed a series of law suits against him in 1817.  THIS
WAS THE FIRST TIME IN INDIA, THAT A BRAHMIN HINDU MOTHER TAKES HER OWN WAYWARD
AND LYING SON TO COURT— SUCH IS HINDU SANATANA DHARMA.

British were constantly doing great propaganda how Ram Mohan Roy was fighting
against the bad practice of Sati – it hardly existed in Bengal. . Hindu public
outrage in 1819 also followed Rammohan's triumph in a public debate over
idolatry with Subramanya Shastri, a learned and respected Tamilian Brahmin. The
British sponsored and judged victory,  however, also irreversibly exposed Roy’s
abject lack of knowledge over Brahmanical scripture and Vedanta. The British
could make their own judgements , but the Hindu people knew what he was worth.

The Hindu brahmins felt vindicated that all the while they were right about
Carey and Marshman were behind Rammohan's English translations on Vedic texts .
These supreme cosmic texts were sort of translated to be like shepherds bumpkin
verses. Suddenly in 1819, Rammohan for his won survival now opportunistically
turns against Carey and the Serampore missionaries. It was too late, as he had
lost the local public trust.  He still plodded on as the British agent and
stooge, denouncing idolatory , rituals, fighting against govt grants to colleges
teaching Sanskrit, arguing about the benefits of English education and way of
life etc  . In 1820 he published the ethical teachings of Christ, excerpted from
the four Gospels, under the title Precepts of Jesus in appreciation of his
translations, the French Société Asiatique in 1824 elected him to an honorary
membership.

In August 1828 Roy formed the Brahmo Samaj (q.v.; Society of Brahmā), a Hindu
reformist sect that utilized Unitarian and other liberal Christian elements in
its belief. Then wonder of wonders --the Moghul emperor made him –hold your
breath-- his ambassador to Britain. His ostensible private agenda was to make
pleas to the queen about his pension.


He died at Stapleton then a village to the north east of Bristol  on the 27 th
September 1833 of meningitis and is buried in Arnos Vale Cemetery in southern
Bristol.


A street 'Raja Rammohan Way' has recently been named in memory.



A couple of statues using  grateful Rothschild Free Mason money  has been
erected in Britain , to whom he sold the soul of his motherland.


Below: Raja Ram Mohan Roy's palace , one of them.   He sold all his palaces
except this pink one, converted it to gold and went to England to "repay"
embezzeled Opium money to Jew Rothschild  -- he died there- he knew he cannot
come back to poverty again, and face the people he lorded over  .



Ruined like health, after opium addiction.




When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and
were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great
civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in
Sanskrit. An employee German Max Mueller working for German Jews Rothschild, the
owner of opium running British East India company, was told by Vatican to
subvert world history to prove to all, that Bible dates are right. That the big
bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion
years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500
BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) . BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda
was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot
of Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out
of India, with their Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm )
as modern DNA tests have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . The
Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish
religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at
Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican.
*******************************************************************************
THE GULF OF TONKIN LIE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL A LIE WHICH CLAIMED 3.5 MILLION
LIVES













 




First punch into google search my blog post - AND THE WINNER IS VADAKAYIL



 

Only then you will understand the famous back swing of Rothschild .

This giant will first tie you up, and then give you a resounding slap across
your face . Then he will do massive propaganda that you hit his soft hand with
your hard face and hurt him real bad, with witnesses to vouch for it.


 Thenhewillusethisasavalidexcusetopoundyouintopulp--
 withhispayrolledmediaofTVandnewsprint,appaudinghisprompt,wiseactionandbravery--
 andgivinghimainstantpopularitypollwin.

This is what has been happening to this planet. Even internet is now controlled
by Rothschild, the Free Mason Zionists. Now Russian Jew billionaires are also in
the Rothschild fold-- and they have a private Russian mafia army-- beware! They
day of the slick Sicilian mafia with their tiny pathetic knifes is over.



The Vietnam war kileed 2.8 million Vietnamese and 58000 Americans. The trigger
was the GULF OF TONKIN incident, shown in the video, which was a WHITE LIE.



World war I and II started after Rothschild man Winston Churchill provided the
trigger by the SINKING OF THE LUSITANIA and the PEARL HARBOUR.



Roman Catholic president Ngo Dinh Diem was planed in South Vietnam by the
Vatican, to counter the Chinese communists. As a result the Buddhist majority
were fed up with his oppressive rule.



The Maddox was taunting the North Vietnamese patrol boats by sailing up and down
in the 12 mile limit of their territorial waters.The Maddox when confronted, was
approaching Hòn Mê Island, 4 miles inside the twelve-mile limit .

It was president Johnson who ordered the Maddox and Turner Joy to stage mocking
runs into North Vietnamese waters, testing the twelve-mile limit and North
Vietnamese resolve. The last straw on 2nd Aug was when Maddox opened fire on a
couple of fishing boats well inside their own territorial waters.

Shortly before midnight on August 4, President Johnson made a speech by radio in
which he described an attack by North Vietnamese vessels on two U.S. Navy
warships, USS Maddox and USS Turner Joy and requested authority to undertake a
military response.

Johnson's speech repeated the theme that dramatized Hanoi / Ho Chi Minh as the
aggressor well in international waters . The Rothschild controlled media and TV
channels , and Time, Life and Newsweek ran articles throughout August on the
Tonkin Gulf incident.



Time lied: "Through the darkness, from the West and south…intruders boldly
sped…at least six of them… they opened fire on the destroyers with automatic
weapons, this time from as close as 2,000 yards. There was "no doubt in Sharp’s
mind that the U.S. would now have to answer this attack", and that there was no
debate or confusion within the administration regarding the incident.



The Tonkin incident is best described as a snare deliberately set by American
agents provocateurs Rothschild. This single situation was the catalystic pretext
for massive troop deployment and full fledged warfare. the attack on the us
destroyers by PT boats… Never Happened. It was a completely staged event to have
an excuse to enter the war.

Former Secretary of Defense Robert Mcnamara stated years later that the Gulf of
Tonkin incident was a mistake, while many other insiders and officers have come
forward relaying that it was a contrived farce- a complete lie.


Once in the war, it was business as usual. In October 1966, president Lyndon
Johnson, lifted trading restrictions on the Soviet block, know full well that
the Soviets were providing upwards of 80% of North Vietnams war supplies.


Consequently, Rockefeller and Rothschild interests financed factories in the
Soviet Union, which the Soviets used to manufacture military equipment and send
to North Vietnam.



The funding of both sides of this conflict was only one side of the coin. In
1985, Vietnam’s Rules of Engagement were declassified. This detailed what
American troops were and were not allow to do in the war. It included
absurdities like North Vietnamese anti-aircraft missile systems could not be
bombed until they were known to be fully operational. No enemy could be pursued
once they crossed the border of Laos or Cambodia. And most revealing of all, The
most critical strategic targets were not allow to be attacked, unless initiated
by high military officials.  Apart from these imposed ludicrous limitation,
North Vietnam was informed of these restrictions and therefore could create
entire strategies around the limitation of the American Forces. This is why the
war went on so long and the bottom line is this: The Vietnam war was never meant
to be won… just sustained. This war for profit resulted in 58000 American death
and 2800000 dead Vietnamese.



More then five hundred thousand members of the armed forces were sent to
Vietnam. Lyndon B. Johnson kept telling Congress and Americans that sending more
troops was a way to protect Americans and keep peace in Vietnam.

All the increases made in Vietnam were meant to help the people in South
Vietnam.  While L.B.J was explaining to Americans that his increases involvement
was to keep peace, it was really a way to declare war without going through the
American people or congress.



September 11th was the jumpstart for what is now an accelerating agenda by the
ruthless elite. It was a staged war pretext no different than the sinking of the
Lusitania, the provoking of Pearl Harbor and the Gulf of Tonkin lie.




 
In 1965, President Johnson commented privately: ": “Hell, those dumb stupid
sailors were just shooting at flying fish. For all I know, our Navy was shooting
at whales out there ".




Squadron commander James Stockdale was one of the U.S. pilots flying overhead on
Aug 4th > he said-- I had the best seat in the house to watch that event, and
our destroyers were just shooting at phantom targets — there were no PT boats
there… There was nothing there but black water and American fire power.




In 1977, former Under-Secretary of State George Ball said in an interview with
the British Broadcasting Corporation that: “Many of the people associated with
the war…were looking for any excuse to initiate bombing.” He said the primary
purpose of the Desoto Patrols was to provoke North Vietnam, whose response would
in turn allow the United States to take stronger action.



In fact if 9/ 11 wasn’t a planned war pretext it would be an exception to the
rule. It has been used to launch two unprovoked illegal wars. One against Iraq
and one against Afghanistan. However, 9/ 11 was the pretext for another war as
well. The war against the citizen.



The patriot act, homeland security, the military tribunals act and other
legislations, are all completely and entirely designed to destroy your civil
liberties and limit your ability to fight back against what is coming-



THE FUTURE WORLD ORDER, WHERE YOU WILL BE SPIED UPON AND EVERY CALL EVERY EMAIL
EVERY PURCHASE WOULD BE MONITORED BY BIG BROTHER , ROTHSCHILD. AS IT IS
EVERYBODY HAS BEEN EYE AND FINGER PRINTED.




Currently in the United states unannounced to most brainwashed Americans, you
home can be searched without a warrant, with you being home… you can in turn be
arrested with no charges revealed to you; detain indefinitely with no access to
a lawyer and legally tortured… all under the suspicion that you might be a
terrorist.



The ultimate goal is to get everyone in this world chipped with an RFID chip.
And have all money be on those chips and have everything on those chips…and if
anyone wants to protest what we do or violate what we want, we can just turn off
their chips.



In 2005, congress under the pretense of immigration control and the so called
war on terrorism, passed the Real ID act, under which it is projected by May
2008, you will be required to carry around a Federal Identification card which
includes on it a scannable bar code with you personal information.

However this barcode is only an intermediary step, before the card is equipped
with a VeriChip RFID tracking Module, which will use radio frequencies to track
your every move on the planet. If this sounds foreign to you, please note that
the RFID tracking chip is already in all new American passports. And the final
step is the implanted chip, which many people have already been manipulated into
accepting under different pretenses.



In 2005  2 elite British SAS officers were arrested by Iraq police after being
caught driving around in their car shooting at civilians, while dressed up as
Arabs. After being arrested and taken to a jail in Basra, the British army
immediately requested the release of these men. When the Basra government
refused- British tanks came in and physically broke out the men from the Basra
prison.



If you wish to destroy an area, how do you do it? Well there are two ways – you
can go in there and bomb it and so forth but that is not very efficient… what
you do is try to get the people in that area to kill each other and to destroy
there own territory… their own farms .



The way in which you destroy an opponent is get him to destroy himself… by
dividing his ranks against one another. Then you feed both sides- you have
agents feeding both sides; inflaming both side.’ And they kill each other off.
And it’s time that some of us woke up to this reality; to understand that people
who try to maintain empires and create empires, do it by manipulating the people
they are trying to conquer.



This has been the DIVIDE AND RULE policy of the Rothschild who owned the British
East India Company , who took over India and made Indians their slaves.The last
thing the men behind the curtain want is a conscious informed public capable of
critical thinking.


Grace and peace!
*******************************************************************************
MELTING EGO, MEDITATION VIA BACK DOOR-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



 


PARTY-- THE WAY WE DO --

Every month i allow my crew to meditate via the back door.

It is important for their mental health, in a chemical field fraught with
danger.

The motto on board is WORK HARD PLAY HARD.

Every day we play with deadly chemicals on our stainless steel chemical tanker.

Mind you, this field is merciless and unforgiving.

It saps your will, if you cant win against the elements hurled against you day
after day , hour after hour--

The work is enervating.

My wife , who has sailed with me for 9 years , sometimes asks me -- why don't
you retire from chemicals tankers and do something more safer.

This will be like asking a tiger who tastes blood daily to eat grass, or a shark
which needs the deep ocean salt water ( read as pressure ) to flow past its
gills , to swim in a mangy chlorinated swimming pool..

"Meditation via back door concept  was first propounded by OSHO, a very
"intelligent man-- rather he is the NO 1 genius, to walk on this planet.  He had
"the answers to life management.

YOU MAKE YOURSELF DOG TIRED IN A MEDIUM YOU LOVE --  IT COULD BE DANCING --
AFTER THAT GO TO SLEEP.

After the storm comes the peace ( maan, don't ask me how many pieces ) .

Piece -- nay-- peace , comes to you whether you like it or not.



I assure my crew continuous rest of 12 hours after such a " meditation "
session. At sea we don't have the pleasure of shoving peace down our throats, by
proper time consuming meditation.

When they wake up they feel like babies.

I tell my officers to keep their stripes and attitudes in their cabins , before
they come down to the lounge for the party.

No coming to the party with old baggage.

For they have to jump into the melting pot. They have to place their ego on the
back burner or rather melt their egos, and gel with their subordinates, once a
month.

I keep a hawk's eye -- yet nobody knows this, or cares --.

For if a leader cant bond with his team in harmony in times of peace , how can
he bond with them when shit hits the fan--

-- in the midst of a raging fire and bodies and limbs strewn around you, after
-- an explosion?

In the party all are equal.

There is nobody more equal than the other. I have NOT yet seen anybody taking
advantage of this relaxation of discipline.

Watch the video once more--

-- it is the equivalent of Manmohan Singh ( Chief Engineer ) and Prathibha Patil
-- ( I the Captain ) dancing with the entire Lok Sabha ( deck crew ) and Rajya
-- Sabha ( engine crew ) .

It is NOT about dancing entirely--

-- we have fun we talk we conversewe singwe crack jokes - we reminisce--

No one-up-manship -- no putting people in their places --  no chattering minds
--  no self delusions -- no hidden agendas--  no over inflated self importance
--  no distorted interpretations -- no selective perceptions --  no staring into
the rear view mirror --  no self pity -- no resentments--



yes-- you may call this Utopia--  all are in the moment--

No placing one leg in the past and one in the future , to piss on the present--

This does NOT mean next day my steward will try and be familiar with me-- and
pat my back and say " hi buddy!".   Rather he will be grateful, that I have
treated him like a brother and friend -- nay-- human being ,  for 4 hours in a
month.

My crew knows that captain does NOT like sick poultry -- that he rarely punishes
a man who will be the life of a party -- who is a good shipmate --

this encourages them to let their hair down --

and

RELEASE THEIR LOCKED UP STRESSES !


It is a melting port for nationalities too-- In the above two pictures see
Indian,  Filipino, Indonesian, Peruvian, Cuban, Croatian, Canadian, Romanian,
Russian sailors --  ALL HAVING A BALL!



Above picture: The man on my right, is my resourceful Canadian Chief Engineer, a
very good man, we are called husband and wife , for being THE ideal Captain,
Chief Engineer .  Whenever I got for a new delivery ( like this ship above ) I
insist that he must be my CE--bless him .
*******************************************************************************
THE HIJACKED HISTORY OF SRI LANKA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THE ORIGINAL INHABITANTS -- TAMIL SINHALESE DISPUTE AND RIFT --  LTTE  STRUGGLE
-- HINDUISM VS BUDDHISM ETHNIC CONFLICT IN SRI LANKA -- - TAMILS EXISTED IN
SRILANKA BEFORE SINHALESE

I am posting this on popular request.



Enough blood has been shed in Sri Lanka , by " chicken and egg " arguments.



First let me be very clear, THE ORIGINAL INHABITANTS OF SRI LANKA , LIKE THE RED
INDIANS OF AMERICA OR THE ABORIGINES OF AUSTRALIA ( LIVING IN SMALL RESERVES ) ,
DO NOT EXIST ANY MORE.

They have all been killed.


The original inhabitants of Sri Lanka , were very cultured and civilized. Rather
they rivalled India in many respects.

King Ravana of Sri Lanka was a scholar and ruled a large kingdom. He spoke
Sanskrit NOT Sinhalese or Malayam, and was supposed to have the equivalent of 10
heads worth Vedic knowledge.

RAVANA IS FROM THE YADU CLAN WHO MIGRATED FROM RIVER SARASWATI  BANKS (  AT THE
SEA DELTA ) DOWN TO KERALA IN 6000 BC.



Ravana is mentioned in our Ramayana classic of 4200 BC, as having his own
Pushpak Vimana air craft, by which he abducted the Indian King Rama's wife Sita.

It may be a hot air self propelled balloon, but still he had it, nobody in India
had it.  I remember, when I was 6 years old, our favourite past time used to be,
to create light acetylene gas by putting water on Calcium Carbide and fill up 4
huge rubber balloons with this gas, with a silk saree piece in between and then
use it as a kite or to jump off a high tree branch.  It was a dangerous game,
but we are still alive.




After winning the war Rama comes back to Ayodhya with Sita, in Ravanas airplane
,and she asks him many curious questions why things look so small etc

The inhabitants at the time of King Ravana's rule and before were huge and
fierce looking people. And this is the reason why we called them Rakshasas, and
we in South India were the Vanaras or monkeys, who built the Ram Sethu, or the
Adam's bridge-  for Rama to cross over to Sri Lanka with his army.

Sanskrit is an unambiguous language. VANAr means denizen of forests NOT monkey.
It is from here stupid Darwin got his idea of missing links between man and
money .

 



Lanka is a Sanskrit name-- and Sanskrit is 9000 years old.




What is interesting here is Ravana was well versed with Vedas written in 5000
BC, and was a great scholar, even by Rama's admission, which makes him a Brahmin
( not a demon ) .  And both Rama and Krishna are dusky skinned!  Ramayana
happened before Mahabhatra.

In 3000 BC, Sri Lankan Cinnamon ( cassia of lower grade ) came to Calicut by
ship and from there it used to be mixed with superior Cinnamon ( Karampatta )
and sent to the Pharaoh of Egypt.  Cinnamon was necessary to embalm mummies.





Ships from Kerala regularly took medicinal herbs like Aloe Vera used for making
Frankincense to Egypt.  The used of incense for Pharoah's religious ceremonious
is found on tablets taken out of the pyramids , and is in the British museum.



In 900 BC, King Solomon ( son of King David ) send his ships to Calicut for Teak
and Sandalwood . Solomons palace and temple,  Sandalwood and teak staircase is
from Kerala.



Solomons's ships touched Galle , where Cinnamon was cheaper, and they traded
directly with the Sri Lankan king from Anuradhapura. Those days this beautiful
and well planned city was the capital of Sri Lanka.



The fight in Sri Lanka over time has never been a fight between languages, Tamil
and Sinhalese.  It has always been a fight between Hindus and Buddhists.



Sinhalese is a mixture of several Indian languages. All this thing about Prince
Vijaya from the Bengal Orissa border , fighting with his father , who disowned
him , and sailing to Sri Lanka with 700 of his followers by ship in 500 BC is
all bull, concocted over brandy and cigars by the British historians. In fact
Sinhalese language is closer to North west Sindh / Gujarat area.



 SriLankaisswimmingdistancefromKeralaandTamilnadu,andthereisNOneedforsomePrinceV
 ijayatocomealltheway fromOrissawith700people--
 Icanunderstandifhecamewithseventythousandmenandwomentoprocreate--
 andiwouldhavebeenimpressed,evenwithoutbrandy.



Since 3000 BC people from Kerala and Tamil Nadu have been crossing over to Sri
Lanka by Kattumaram-- the British call it catamaran boats.  Even today after
5000 years the Tamilians still cross over to Sri Lanka by this boat, which is
VERY fast , when a sail is rigged and the wind is fresh. You can cross over in
less than 2 hours.



Since the past 3000 years Tamils ruled Sri Lanka most of the time. This has
caused lot of mutual hatred from ancient times . The Sinhalese kept to the South
East for their own safety from invading Tamil kings, from SE India , to get
sufficient time to hide their treasures.



It must be clear that Buddhism gave root in Sri Lanka by 250 BC.  Today 71% are
Sinhalese and 24% are Tamils.  Like I said before Sinhalese are mostly
Buddhists, who converted from Hinduism since 250 BC.



Tamils have preferred the north eastern part of Sri Lanka to settle. They could
come to Tamil Nadu any time by Catamaran by sea . Palk strait has been swum so
many times by Indian swimmers-- first by Mihir Sen.



By the way British historians over brandy and cigars has put the birth date of
Buddha to be 623 BC ( wow- so exact! ) . This is BULL with a capital B.

Gautam Buddha was an Indian. He was born in 1900 BC during the reign of
Bindusara of Shishunag dynasty.

His father was a Hindu Shiva worshipping brahmin.

Below you see some kids soaking in 6000 year old history vibes at the Ram Setu
bridge, bridging India and Sri Lanka -- broken later up by a tsunami , since
Ramayana war  -- also called Adam's bridge.




Alexander the Great was keen to see the land of Buddha.  Buddhist monks had been
travelling to Greece more than 1400 years before Alexander came to India.  Some
of the Greek temples had Swastika LEFT HANDED Buddhist Swastika signs.



Buddha started off by rebelling against the Vedic way of Brahmins monopolising
knowledge in Sanskrit and animal sacrifice(sic ). He converted the Vedic RIGHT
HANDED Swastika to LEFT HANDED Swastika .



Vedic civilization died after the river Saraswati died after a tectonic shift at
the Himalayan glacier mouth in 4000 BC.

Are we to take that Buddha was such a slow starter?



Adi Shankaracharya who revived the dead Vedic teachings at Kerala on the bank of
river Pampa in 2000 BC, did NOT talk about Buddha, in his Sanskrit written
records.  But both Buddhism and Jainism has talked about Shankaracharya -- a
later one of a long lineage . ( like the pope ) . Jina Vijaya a Jain scripture
talks about Shankaracharya. Rajavamshavali of Nepal talks about Shankaracharya.



Buddha's DNA test can be done any time.  His hair lock is preserved in a temple
with golden pagodas at Botatuang Paya in Myanmar. Buddha was a master of Vedic
Mudra and Tantra.  By 1500 BC this art was dead.  And Buddha had 12 strand DNA.



Since Buddha, Mahavira ( born 27 years after Buddha  and died 15 years after
Buddha as per the white historian ) and Adi Sankaracharya there has been NIL 12
strand DNA seers.

In my opinion Mahavira is a couple of thousand years older than Buddha.

What advantage has 12 strand , 100% active DNA over the 2 strand 96% junk DNA
you and I have ?

Well it is the HUGE advantage a current Intel core i7 processor laptop has over
a obselete Celeron processor.  Vedic mathematics done by these seers were
lightning fast.

Let me digress:  They could pen down horoscopes without doing any mathematical
calculations of the planetary configurations. Those days the equinoctial and the
ecliptic cut at Aries ( due to tilt of the earth on her axis at 23.5 degrees ) .
In 2150 BC Taurus became Aries , and then in 1 AD it became Pisces.


Even today the entire western world-- nay-- the whole world uses the Kerala
method of Navigation of LHA Aries or MEDAM ( Hamal )  , ala the Nautical Almanac
used by Calicut ships going all the way to Jerusalem, to trade with Pharoah and
King Solomon.

The magnetic compass needle was a fish floating in water with a ruby eye,the one
Arjun shot at with his arrow looing into a water pool to win Draupadi.. ( a test
of human consciousness --or how far you have evolved , basically )



In more ancient days of Taurus,  navigation was done by using the sun , stars
and the green Gandhari mulagu chillie .


Indian historical dates were NEVER over Brandy and cigars. The horoscope made
for every single Hindu who walked on earth till today is a VERY PRECISE WRITTEN
RECORD. My two children have it on paper. Mine and my wife's is engraved on a
palm leaf.

Using modern day computer software, which you can get in the market-- you can
work the exact time in minutes and seconds of any Hindu's birth.  Horoscope of
all old Hindu stalwarts are available in the major Hindu mutt established by
Shankaracharya.

In those ancient days there were NO other religions.  Buddhism, Christianity.
Judaism and Islam are all VERY recent religions. Today these recent religions
desribe Vedic Hindiusm whih existed in 9000 BC as PAGAN.





They could do Spherical Trignometry and Calculus in their great minds-- for
doing astrological computations.  An example is our 2 strand DNA , Shakuntala
Devi ( put her name in Google search ).



There are many Jain temples in my hometown Calicut and surroundings . It is easy
to do carbon dating of wood used.

In 2600 BC, the great Mihira Muni ( Astronomer Sage Varahamihira ) had gone all
the way from Pookod lake , Kalpetta, Western Ghat mountains of Kerala to Sri
Lanka to draw the horoscope of the Kerala king of Sri Lanka. He was the disciple
of Aryabhatta, the mathematician.



So if you were to look at the scenario objectively Tamils and Malayalis , have
been in Sri Lanka THOUSANDS OF YEARS BEFORE the Sinhalese.




Around 1410 AD,  when the Sinhalese king who had usurped the throne from a
Malayali/Tamil king was literally humiliated by Chinese admiral Zheng He. He
drew out the Sinhala soldiers protecting the snooty king by using a decoy force.

Zheng then invaded the palace and captured the arrogant Sinhala king. He took
him as a prisoner to Nanking China, to give the uncultured Sinhala king few
“lessons in humility”. He also took away the tooth of Buddha , which was
returned by Chou En Lai in 1960.

The rightful Kerala king was re-installed on the throne , and the Sinhala king
was sent back as an ordinary citizen . At the same time it is on record that
Admiral Zheng , though he was a Muslim eunuch ( got castrated at a young age
when he was a prisoner ) was NOT anti-Buddhist.


In 1332 AD a great Muslim traveller from Morocco by the name of Abu Abdullah
Mohammed Ibn Battuta, first came to Calicut, where he served in our Hindu king's
court. Then the king sent him to Maldives seeing that he was a great Muslim
scholar.  There he fell out with the easy going Islander public as he wanted to
establish Burkha system .




In 1344  Ibn Batuta went to Sri Lanka . All this is in written records. He was
the guest of Jaffna Kerala Varma king Marthanda Singham Rajashekharan. The king
gave him a lot of pearls and also arranged a visit to Adam's peak in a
palanquin, accompanied by Tamil speaking Brahmins .





On the way he went to a Hindu temple where he saw an amazing seven foot solid
gold statue of Vishnu with 2 ruby eyes.  A smaller version of this Vishnu statue
was found in July 2011 at the Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple Trivandrum , India, ,
along with 24 billion US dollars worth of gold and diamonds.  This statue was
stolen by the Portuguese.








During the time of the Portuguese rule most of the Tamils came back to the
safety of free India-- after their king Sankilian II was captured in Jaffna in
1691, tortured very badly for his gold and killed. This is the reason for the
lop-sided population ratio.





The entire Malayali population also came running back to Kerala, when the
Portuguese started destroying their Shiva and Vishnu temples.





Portuguese for some strange reason wanted to convert only the Hindus , NOT the
Buddhists.  In 1802 the British took over and they wanted labour for their tea
plantations -- at this time too lot of Malayalis of Mukuvar ( pearl diving and
fishing ) community came running back to avoid slavery. British did NOT want the
Sinhalese in their projects as they are a lazy race in comparison with the
Tamils.





It was the British who ensured that the Tamils indentured labour imports
remained in the NE part of India--for geographical convenience.





People from Kerala immigrated to Jaffna Sri Lanka in 1100 BC. This Tamil /
Malayali mix gave a breed of people who worked hard and had brains too.

When Sri Lankan army filled up shit in barrels compressed it with air and
sprayed it on Tamil villages from aircraft -- a man by the name of Velupillai
Prabhakaran, too note-- this was an insult most degrading to Indians --





Velu Prabhakaran , chief of LTTE  was from this stock.  He spoke Malayalam --NOT
Tamil. Tamilians are so docile by nature , that they have always been led by
some other stock. MGR was a Malayalee, Rajnikanth is a Maharashtrian,
Jayalalitha is Kannada --





So today if French and British want to fight to the end, over who owns  the huge
country of Canada --conveniently forgetting that the original Red Indian
inhabitants are herded up in house arrest ,without jobs , in  a nearby reserve
with free alcohol and cheap food -- so be it!





There was a time in Sri Lanka when the Sinhalese king who had usurped the throne
from a Malayali/Tamil king was literally humiliated by Chinese admiral Zheng He.
He drew out the Sinhala soldiers protecting the snooty king by using a decoy
force.



Zheng then invaded the palace and captured the arrogant Sinhala king. He took
him as a prisoner to Nanking China, to give the uncultured Sinhala king few
“lessons in humility”.  He also took away the tooth of Buddha , which was
returned by Chou En Lai in 1960.

The rightful Kerala king was re-installed on the throne , and the Sinhala king
was sent back as an ordinary citizen . At the same time it is on record that
Admiral Zheng , though he was a Muslim eunuch ( got castrated at a young age
when he was a prisoner ) was NOT anti-Buddhist.



During Zheng’s time Calicut was the richest port on this planet.  India as a
whole held 35% of global GDP.  Vijayanagara served this port as hinterland.

Chinese Admiral Zheng He made 7 trips to Calicut from 1406 to 1433,  all trips
sponsored by the Ming dynasty.  He had several record keepers sailing with him
on his passages to Calicut.






When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and
were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great
civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in
Sanskrit. An employee German Max Mueller working for German Jews Rothschild, the
owner of opium running British East India company, was told by Vatican to
subvert world history to prove to all, that Bible dates are right. That the big
bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion
years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500
BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) . BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda
was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot
of Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out
of India, with their Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm )
as modern DNA tests have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . The
Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish
religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at
Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican.
*******************************************************************************
SOUND MAGIC -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL WONDERS OF THE HUMAN EAR -- SENSE OF HEARING,
SENSE OF BALANCE --BINAURAL BEATS - DANCE OF THE CILIA HAIRS

Nikole Tesla used only Sine waves for his coil.  Sine waves create a hidden
coherence that bend space time. Quantum electronics uses the sine wave for
faster than light applications.



The inner ear gives the cycloid spiral space curve motion.








Vedic seers used the inner ear method for bending space time.



Melatonin resonates into DMT- the spirit molecule that bends space time.







The inner ear acts as a spirit level for the human body to achieve balance,
Tight rope walkers walk across great heights including the Niagra falls with
eyes blindfolded.



It is the brain and central nervous system that hears. The inner ear cochlea is
filled with liquid. Microscopic hairs called cilia project out into this liquid
and they release a chemical neurotransmitter when stimulated. ( just like the
cats's whiskers ).

Sound waves are transformed into nerve impulses, to the temporal lobe of the
cerebral cortex which is dedicated to sound. The audio range is 20 hz to 20 K
Hz.  1 hertz is one cycle per second. All musicians convey the message in the
0.5- 4 KHz range .


Cilia waves 20000 times per sec at 20 Khz frequency. Basically a mechanical
signal is converted  to an electrical signal. Sound is localised by echo
positioning system.



The cochlea looks like a small snail. When the head moves, so does the fluids,
inside the cochlea like a spirit level.


A sound wave is a longitudinal wave--a series of compressions and rarefactions..
Higher the frequency, higher the perceived pitch.



The wonder of the cilia hairs is that it can perceive 1500 levels of pitch.

The number of discriminable tones in in the hundreds of thousands.

Are you not able to recognise the voice of a long lost friend?   Amazing ,
right?

The audo frequency range encompasses 9 octaves.



If 300 Hz is played in one ear and 310 in the other ear via stereo headphones
the binaural frequency will be 10 Hz. Frequencies of the brain are below 40
hertz.

















Before you listen to the video below ( MUST use stereo headphones ) --first
punch into google search CHAKRA VORTEX , SCALAR ENERGY TRANSCIEVER - VADAKAYIL




Before you listen to the video below ( MUST use stereo headphones ) --first
punch into google search IN THE THETA STATE - VADAKAYIL




Before you listen to the video below ( MUST use stereo headphones ) --first
punch into google search GAMMA BRAIN WAVES - VADAKAYIL





In the Kerala system of martial arts Kalari ( basically deadly sword fighting ),
as 5 year old kids we were taught by the gurikkal how to upset the spirit level
of the cochlea to immobilise a stronger and heavier opponent.   Kungfu was first
taught in China by Bodhi Dharma , a Kalari expert from Kerala. You can read
about the spirit level by punching in THE BULLY-VADAKAYIL in google search.
*******************************************************************************
MUSLIM HISTORY IN KERALA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL TREASURE TROVE IN KERALA TEMPLE-
ANCIENT TRADE -CARAVAN ROUTES




This is in response to a query about the origins of Kerala Mapplias ( Muslims )
made in my blog post THE OPIUM RAJA, BRITISH STOOGE , RAM MOHAN ROY dated 25th
july 2011.








The Arabs in Oman/ Iraq/ Arabia/ Yemen/ UAE/ Jordan -- have been trading with
Calicut since the past 6000 years, by ship.






Their ships were made of Malabar teak. This is why they love to employ Keralites
--as we where their benefactors for thousand of years--they survived on us till
100 years ago, when the oil boom started.





 OtherwisewhatevertheyhadwasduetoKerala'slargesse.TheyusedtogiveusSilverinpaymen
 t-- wonderwhereallthethousandsoftonnesofitwent?




They took the spices from Calicut , the capital of Malabar , to European trading
hub Constantinople ( Istanbul ) from where the European ships took it further.
This is how the Ottomans came to know about India and here riches.



The caravan also stoked up the Egyptian Pharaoh and Kings of Jerusalem . The
kinds of Jerusalem had this Malayalam connection. King Solomon's seal is in
Malayalam-- the picture is in Madame Blavastsky's book.







Solomon's mother Bathsheba was a Malayali.  King David had a illegitimate
relationship with attractive and already married  Bathsheba .  Never mind cooked
up Jerusalem history and Bathsheba looking like Elizabeth Taylor in Hollywood
movies.

BATHSHEBA , QUEEN SHEBA ( MARY MAGDALENE TOO ) WERE, ATTRACTIVE ,  DUSKY SKINNED
WITH LONG STRAIGHT BLACK HAIR.    THEY WERE NOT WHITE OR BLACK SKINNED , THEY
DID NOT HAVE AFRO SPRING TYPE HAIR WITH DREADLOCKS OR BLONDE HAIR.









Solomons temple staircase was made from Teak and Sandalwood of Kerala. Solomon
got his own ships made in Beypore Calicut as early as 900 BC.





The Cutty Sark ( the fastest opium smuggler clipper of the seas ) which could
never be overtaken was made by Calicut teak.




Till 160 years ago, India was the only source of diamonds--and Kolar field gave
superior gold lode at almost ground levels.  British stole all the gold from
here and depleted the mine.



So when the whole world was looking for India, and Columbus landed up in America
-- they were looking for Kerala, rather Calicut --the Capital of Malabar from
where --the land of spices, gold, diamonds, herbal medicines, mathematics,
astronomy, etc



Vasco da Gama did not run aground in Calicut in 1498--by mistake, on passage to
New Delhi. He came here by purpose ! He was piloted across, the Arabian sea by
the Calicut King Zamorin's ( Samoothiri ) deep sea pilot, who was a half breed
by the name of Ibn Aziz.




India was inaccessible from land--and you had to negotiate the HINDU KUSH
mountains--which protected India since the days of Alexander.







This is why Alexander married a local dark skinned and attractive Indian, to
find a way through the mountain maze-- or it is sure death. He also bribed the
King of Taxila for local guides and military help --using the gold he stole from
Iran , after the battle of Guagamela-- 25 tonnes of it.




The Hindu Kush passes were compromised by the a stupid Indian king who allowed
his heart to rule over his head. Punch into Google search THE FIRST SUPARI ,
TURNING POINT OF INDIAN HISTORY- VADAKAYIL.




-- even before they became Muslims , after the birth of Islamas Islam is a
-- recent religion.




Mecca was an oasis on the caravan route, with a Shiva temple having a VERY
POWERFUL Shiva Lingam ( black stone )for speeding up the chakras .the British
call this as a PAGAN temple.



This black stone has been broken up, by invaders and has lost most of its its
power. it is enclosed in a silver sheath and installed on the SE corner of Kaaba
5 feet above the ground--HORIZONTALLY




People don't understand the power of nature. If 200 years ago you told somebody
that you can rotate a magnet in a coil of wire ( stator/ rotor ) -- you produce
electricity which can burn you to ashes in a second-- who will believe this. Or
that you can take power form a tiny atom and kill all the people of Hiroshima
and Nagasaki, for the matter --




World war 3 will use Tesla beam technology ( Vedic technology of our Astras used
in Mahabharata / Ramayana wars of 4000 BC ) -- given to Nikola Tesla by Swami
Vivekananda.




After Islam sanctioned 4 wives-- these Arab sailors had wives on both sides. And
since Arabs are a handsome race, this mixing of blood has created very fair and
beautiful women in Malabar.





Some of the Muslim women in Calicut are more attractive and full blooded than
Aishwarya Rai--who is from the North Kerala area ( Malabar ) anyways. They don't
need to do plastic surgery or fix Silicon tits. . Of course these women will
NEVER EVER wear micro swimwear and parade in front of males to win a Miss
Universe title.



This mixed Hindu/ Muslim race , were NOT converted by force. the Arabs used
these mixed half breed as their agents. They lived in harmony with the local
Hindus, till the Muslim invaders used them as pawns for DIVIDE AND RULE tactics.




It is very easy to make the closest of friends fight to the death in a minute.
Let us imagine that two brothers and like Ram and Lakshman -- who will give up
their lives for each other. Now imagine one of the brothers married a woman with
long black hair and the other married one with long blonde hair--for arguments
sake.




All a mischief monger needs to do is to take a strand of long black hair from a
dustbin, and put it on the bed of the other brother . And then take it off the
bed in his presence with two gingers and ask him innocently " How did your
wife's hair land up on your brothers bed ?" This is enough, there is NO need to
promise monetary incentives or jobs -- the seeds of suspicion has been sown.





The Rothschilds , owners of East India Company, used this method to trigger the
1857 Sepoy's mutiny, so that they can take over India officially. It was they
who taunted the Muslims and Hindus about being tainted while biting off the
cartridges greased with pig and beef lard. Otherwise how are these poor men
supposed to know?




Tipu sultan and Hyder ali would not have been able to terrorise North Kerala ,
but for this local support of mappilas ( Muslims ).






That is why Tipu could never enter south Travancore Kerala , and once when he
tried to do so, he lost his sword-- bought by Vijay Mallya. and when Tipu came
to kerala even the 7000 year old Guruvayor idol was sent to south Kerala for
safe keeping .







This is the reason why Sri Padmanabha Swami temple unearthed 24 billion USD
worth treasure--and some vaults are yet to be opened..



Tipu stole all this TRILLIONS of dollars worth gold from north Kerala--and in
turn Rothschild who owned east India company stole it after they killed him.




It must be remembered that the Zamorin's Navy was manned by Muslims--who under
the brave and loyal Kunjali Marakkar, the admiral of the navy gave all Kerala's
enemies a tough time.



Kerala had its own Muslim Kingdom too. One of my close friends ( we were cadets
together nearly 4 decades ago ) is from Chirakkal Varma family , and one of my
ex-Chief officers is from Arakkal royal family.





I got to know this because i happened to see his wedding video--and there was
this oppana group singing his praises ( rather pulling his leg ) , about how he
is the scion of raja vamsham Arakkal.




Chirakkal pond ( Chira ) where the princesses of Varma family took bath is the
size of 6 football fields. You can see it on Google earth.



The official version says that a Muslim boy saved her from drowning , while the
grapevine says she was in love with this handsome man already, and drowning
story is all bull.  ( both used to do MENTAL copulation daily at the gates of
the Chirakkal temple ). Since the princess was nude when the boy swam and saved
her, he gave her his mundu to cover herself.





The King considered them to be married as in those days if a woman accepts a
PUDAVA from a man she is considered married to him ( something like a maang mein
sindhoor type rite ) .







So the Chirakkal Varma got them married officially and gave the Muslim boy half
his kingdom. This Kingdom is called Arakkal. The queens are called Arakkal
beevis. Hyder Ali had established a marital alliance with the Arakkal Beevi
family.  Arakkal family ruled Laccadives too.





Calicut may be a sleepy city now -- but is one of the most chequered and
historical cities on this planet.  Invaders looted all our wealth and destroyed
all our ancient 8000 year old temples.

Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (727 BC
to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India.

The disciple of Plato Aristotle did NOT come to India , but he had very clearly
written that Jews originated from Kerala in India.  Aristotle wrote that Jews
came from KALANI in India.  He has written that Kalani was famous for their
raised Kundalini sages ( maharishis ).  These are the same sages who built the
Egyptian pyramids.

Alexander the great went back from India via Socotra by ship, to get some life
saving Aloe Vera which was a spice trade outpost of Calicut King,  like Mecca
and Salalah .

This is the reason why King David took a wife from Kerala named Bath Sheba. King
Solomon took a wife from Kerala named whom all call Queen Sheba.

Jesus Christ took a wife from Kerala named Mary Magdalene.  All know that Jesus
Christ suddenly sprung up at Jerusalem from nowhere.  He was in Kerala India,
learning healing, meditation, science, philosophy etc.

*******************************************************************************
THE BULLY - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



A couple of years ago, after I came home on vacation, I had gone for a function
with my wife. There I met my younger son’s classmate’s father.

During the course of our polite conversation he asked me I f I knew that my son
is getting bullied in school.

I said “  He is the tallest and heaviest guy in his class- how can anybody  dare
to bully him.

He replied “ Your wife will know the bully, he is the class leader and 4 years
older than the rest of the class “

On the drive back home I asked my wife , whether she knew anything about it.

She said he has never come home with torn clothes. I asked her about missing
pens , not wanting to go to school , or some signs like that.

She said  “ Yes, he does NOT like to go to school.  Sometimes he comes back with
his compass box or pen missing .  I have already bought three new ones in the
last 3 months.  Certain days he comes back home without eating his lunch packed
in the tiffin box. He appears disturbed while studying at home . But the class
leader is the boy who gives me notes , whenever Aashik has missed school. Poor
chap, his parents are in Dubai and he is all alone , staying with some far off
relatives “.


At home , I confronted my son . He came out with the truth, after some arm
twisting .

My son was the butt of all the  practical jokes of the bully --  he would throw
things at him in class. – he would be teasing him in front of the whole class
and girls constantly—

I told my wife “ Tomorrow , though it is a holiday for younger kids --first
thing in the morning we will be going to the school and I will speak to the
Principal and class teacher “

At school I told the Principal   “ I want to speak to you in front of my son’s
teachers.  It is about my son getting bullied in your school.   If I don’t see a
good receptive attitude from you, I will put unbearable heat on the school “

Pretty soon we had 3 teachers in the Principals room.

I asked them if they knew my son was getting bullied.

All the 3 of them said  “ Yes!. We though you knew. Your son get bullied by
children half his size , just because he does NOT retaliate, so they get
encouraged “


I told them “ I have hung a sand bag in my house since he was 5 years old. I
have taught him personally how to destroy anybody in physical contact OR even to
kill a fully grown up adult. But I have told him never ever to attack anybody,
So may be this is why he is getting bullied. This bullying will stop tomorrow
within one hour of school opening—I will do it my way. All I am asking you  is
to turn a Nelsons eye.  Though my 12 year old son is 5 feet 9 inches tall and 85
kilos in weight , the bully will NOT be hurt, he will only be humiliated ”.

I made a hefty donation to the principal’s school fund and we left.


On the way back my wife asked me “ Are you going to tell Aashik to beat up the
bully. He can do it very easily, but then what if the bully relatiates by poking
his eye with a compass needle ? “

I said “ I would rather have a one eyed son , than a coward with my blood
running in his veins . This bully works safe in the assumption that there will
be NO relatiation .  At his age of 16, he wants to impress all the 13 year old
girls , by taking on a bigger child.   He suffers from resentment as his parents
have left him alone and are in Dubai" .  " Bullying gives him release from his
frustrations.  This is a easy way out to displace internal aggression .  It
makes him feel empowered.   Teasing, playing practical jokes, throwing things at
you,  hiding personal belongings, is all part of the bully’s tactics .  The only
way out is to take him head on , just once , without hurting him physically “


So after I reached home I told my son  “ Tomorrow as soon as you go to school,
the bully will start off as usual.  He is just trying to be a hero in front of
the girls by taking on a guy double his size. I want you to do this  – now watch
carefully.  If you don’t do exactly what I tell you, when you come home in the
evening I will kick your fuckin' ass. “

My son cried bitterly , for I was his ultimate hero, and had never beaten him or
spoke to him rudely till then.

Next day—he went to school .

The bully came to him with his usual teasing games with the whole class
watching.

My son bent him double, picked him off the ground whirled him around to upset
his inner ear cochlea balance, and threw him 8 feet away. He lay there for a
couple of minutes  totally dazed , picked himself up and came charging . This
time my son palmed his jaw, jerked his head backwards to upset the inner ear
spirit level again, and shoved him so hard that he went flying again . It took
some time for him regain his balance get up and slink away .

That was it.

The girls , two dozen of them were the first to start clapping , and then the
rest of the class followed .

This was what all of them wanted. Before he left school for the day , this 16
year old bully taunted my son  “ Next time you mother asks me for notes ,  I
wont give it to her!”

The word spread  all over school like wild fire – Aashik has beaten up the
school bully.  This came to my wife from several sources. Few parents thanked my
wife as the previous year 3 childern left the school, unable to face this type
of harassment. Complaining to the teachers made NO difference as the bully's
parents were wealthy people from Dubai, and close to a school board member.


Six days later, a Karate black belt was to come and demonstrate his prowess in
breaking tiles, to get more enrollment into the Karate club of school .

I told my son “ After this man finishes, I want you to go on stage and ask for
one more tile and break it front of the whole school  .  I don’t care if you
break your bone —  make sure you do it “

His sweet spot was hard like steel — having pounded it on the hard sand bag a
thousands of times over the years. The sweet spot bone micro fractures and gets
mended several times over , and thus gets tough.

This art is something I had taught my son very early in life –to use the sweet
spot 2 inches off the elbow ( toward the palm ) and smash the brick stack with
lightning speed , arm back swing like a nanchaku, and using FULL body weight for
follow through.



BE CAREFUL -- THIS TYPE OF SHOT ON A HUMAN BODY KILLS !

IT IS ALLOWED ONLY ON CONCRETE,  FOR DEMONSTRATIONS --  DON'T GO TO THE ELECTRIC
CHAIR BY BEING A FUCKIN' IDIOT !

Only fools break bricks with a wrist chop, as there are too many bones and
cartilages at the tender wrist. A punch or chop can never be hard enough.

The next day my wife’s friend call up and says . “ Do you know that Aaskik has
become famous in school by out smashing the black belt Karate instructor? ”

So in the evening my son comes back with the look of a cat who swallowed all the
cream .

I asked him what was the reaction of the all students and teachers.  He imitated
them .  There was a collective amazed involuntary gasp  from hundreds of
throats.

 “ ENDEAMMMMOH!”

Goodbye bullies— forever !




When I was a small boy I used to be the “ official bully basher” .

Children at school who were bullied used to come and complain to me and I would
take on the bullies who were twice my size.

I would kick the living shit out of them, including the principal’s son who was
a bully. Almost every week I would come home with my uniform shirt torn.  I
broke my nose thrice.

So, imagine my distress to see both my sons so peace loving— and they don’t like
to fight for a cause .

You don’t need to be physically tough like my son.

You just need to show guts, or fierce intent, or strength , or project
unquantified danger – it is about making their balls ascend to their throats --
instant " Kundalini climb" style.





Let me give an example of a “show of strength”  –

12 years ago we shifted to our new home . There was a nukkad where the poor
unemployed youth used to spend their time gossiping or ogling at the girls
passing by.  From their base all could see my bungalow gates.  So I took my 4
feet long sword, from the usual hiding place inside the almirah.

As soon as I started walking to the gates my wife came running. “What, are you
up to? You want the show off your sword to those nukkad boys or what? “

 Isaid“NO,Iamjusttakinginsurance.VerysoonIwillbeleavinghometojointheship,andyouw
 illbehomealonewitha5 yearoldchild,withNOneighboursaroundshoutingdistance”

So, I took my evil looking and extremely sharp sword outside the gates and
pretended to cut off a few imaginary creepers and shrubs, all the time knowing a
dozen pairs of eyes are watching every inch of my progress .

After I came back home for my stint on ship, my wife told me .  Every house on
the street lost their expensive gate lamps except our house on one dark rainy
night.

What everybody is discussing is why only our house was spared.  And then she
says herself—I think it was the “sword effect”.

She is right.




Now let me talk about  “UNquantified danger” --

 EverytimewewentforaholidayItookmycoldsteelserrateddagger(setmebackby400USdollar
 s)alongstrappedtomyw aist.

My idea of a holiday was fast flowing clear water through rocks. Just lie down ,
get a free flowing water massage, relax in total privacy, with your family  —

Every time my elder son used to ask me “ Daddy why do you take that dagger with
you? “

I  used to reply “ One day , you will see me using it.  Till  then patience ,
son !”

So while on holiday somewhere at the Karnataka border, I stopped the car to buy
some cold Coke and chocolates.  On the wall opposite the street , some
youngsters were sitting –about 8 of them . As soon as they saw me and my spaced
out beard , my wife and niece —they started making funny noises and yodeling
catcalls.

So I told my elder son “ Now the time has come to show you what magic this
dagger can do.  I will raise my arms when I am out of this store and pretend to
yawn with my hands high in the air. At that time this dagger will pop out from
underneath my hiked up T shirt.  Just watch , soak it in, and let me know later
what you saw “

Later after we drove off , my son totally excited cried  “ Daddy, you should
have seen their faces, when they suddenly saw your knife.  They all became
silent and were sitting like stones “

I said “ Well, none of them bargained for the fact that they could lose their
lives on that very wall, on which they were all so merry a few minutes ago  !”


Let me give another example of “showing grave intent”.

7 months ago, my elder son had just come home from Cornell during his end of
semester Christmas 2010 vacation.  Myself , my wife and two children aged 23 and
16 went for a movie at a theatre in Calicut showing a 3D movie .

The theatre was full .  There were 5 rowdie youngsters at the back row of the
balcony making loud sounds, whistling , passing loud uncouth remarks , even
breaking their chairs —we could hear the cracking sounds.

Immediately my wife held on to my arm, and said “ You are NOT gonna confront
them . They are just having a ball, in a group. I am telling you. Meri kasam! ”

She held on to my arm so strong that that spot took 2 weeks to recover from
compressed nerves and damaged muscle fibres.

At half time interval,  as soon as I saw this gang going out for a smoke, I made
an excuse that I have to go and take a leak.  And then I doubled back to the
spot where these trouble makers were sitting in a group , smoking and generally
having a ball. They had their tails up, as all were giving them a wide berth.

So I went to them and said “ After the interval , when the movie starts,  I
don’t want to hear you guys at all --  If I hear you breathe , just see what I
do to you.  By the way, I am NOT police — I sit in the front row with my wife
and two sons  “

When I came back to my seat my wife and two sons asked me “ We know you talked
to those men .What did you tell them?”

I told the truth “ I told them that I don’t want to hear them breathe. I did NOT
tell them what I will do to them if they disobey— that is their problem to
figure it out  .  Bullies always work on the preconceived notion that there will
NOT be a severe price to pay. It is this feeling of safety which propels them “

20 minutes after the movie started again, the group of 5 quietly melted away in
the darkness.

Later my elder genius son , who was never a fan of my tough acting , “taking on
the world alone ” tactics , told his mother in private  at the airport  ” There
was only one man in that  movie hall holding hundreds , who could have silenced
that rowdy gang,  and he did it! ”

Now let me talk about "bullying at the workplace "--

Before going to Cornell for his ME in computer science, he worked for the
biggest computer software company in India for 6 months-- just to get work
experience, till he left India.

He stayed with a brilliant Bihari boy , together in a rented flat.

So one day my son called me up and asked me if I have some tips for painful
stomach ulcers. He said his flatmate, suffers from it.

So i wanted to know what type of food he eats. My son said he has rarely eaten
with him , that he goes to office by 7 AM and comes back at midnight, no
Saturdays and Sundays .

I had a piece of advise--  I told my son never to get USED.

He replied that he goes to office at 9AM and comes back by 6 PM-- but the Bihari
friend , was being used by his female boss.

She would constantly shout at him , she would work only between 9 to 5 will NOT
come on Saturdays / Sundays . And that all the projects were powered by the
fertile brains of his friend -- but she took all the credit personally , as
trainees don't count.

I said " Tell your friend , that I told him this.  Never ever get used.  And
this type of thing is NOT gonna help his ulcers. He MUST confront this Cruella
De Ville."


Next day my excited son calls me up on the ship .

He said " His friend confronted her .  He told her that he would report to her
boss, that she does NOT have any brains , has NO dang clue what is happening ,
that she cannot understand the big picture or small picture of current ongoing
high profile project with a major US software company, that she is just a
parasite / middleman in the work place, but yet hogging all the team effort
credit ,

-- that she has climbed this far up the ladder this slimy way

but no more !".



Wonder of wonders--  that very hour she applied for 6 months of official long
leave and left the office.

I guess she knew what she was worth. The only way this pretender female boss
could continue was by twisting the arm of her team, by harassing, shouting,
threatening --

It is your fault if you allow such a thing to happen to you in your workplace.

You are entitled to say NO to such mindless abuse.




NEXT TIME , CONFRONT A BULLY —  JUST TRY IT --  BE SURPRISED --

MAKE SURE YOU LOOK INTO THEIR EYES.

DON’T SHOW FEAR , EVEN IF YOU ARE AFRAID.

MAKE THEM GET THAT BAD  FEELING THAT THERE WILL BE A SEVERE PRICE TO PAY.

THE MORE SHIT YOU TAKE,  THE MORE A BULLY WILL SHIT ON YOUR FACE.
*******************************************************************************
BILLY ZANE KILLED THE MAN WHO CANNOT DIE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL THE PHANTOM , THE
GHOST WHO WALKS , by Lee Falk



  

PHANTOM BABOOOSAH YOBO YOBA –I cried out in my sleep 28 years ago.

My wife woke me up and asked me what is all this Yobo Yoba – and these my secret
girl friends, stashed away some place ?

I told her “ I was dreaming of my childhood hero, Phantom, the ghost who walks".


When Diana had twins , Guran comes out of the skull cave and cries out
jubilantly “ phantom baboosah yobo yoba “ – meaning Phantom got twins , one boy
, one girl” to the pygmy Bandar tribe waiting anxiously outside . After all
Phantom chose Diana to deliver his heir inside the jungle skull cave , NOT some
slick city hospital in USA. I had read all the Phantom comics as a child, daily
on a newspaper strip-- as did more than 200 million others. He was our ultimate
super hero. Quite often we would fantasize how Phantom would kick the livin'
shit out of Superman , if ever they had a one on one close combat.


So in 1996, I was 41 years old,  still feeling like a bubbly small boy when it
came to Phantom. I went with my wife to watch the movie starring Billy Zane as
Phantom, rubbing my hands in expectation.


I was left squirming in my seat as Billy Zane and the Jewish lobby of Hollywood
destroyed my childhood idol piece by piece, over two hours.


The ghost who walks was a legend who made evil men flinch , rather made their
blood freeze when his eyes met theirs.


Phantom was a mature strong and silent type man of few words - when he spoke,
all listened.




He was NOT a merry motor mouth , jumping jack like Zorro or Robin hood.. And if
you think you can speak in the same monotone throughout the movie , and sound
like phantom--well , it does not work like that!


First of all Phantoms eyes and pupils never showed through the mask, in the
comic strip. Our hero did NOT have dartin' eyes.

He was made of full blooded beef and muscle .


When Phantom hit someone,  the guy stayed hit.


No wonder the movie was rejected wholesale by all the diehard Phantom fans of
this planet , and it could rake back only 16.5 million of the 44 million spent.
Literally this movie pushed all us diehard fans into a deep abyss of shit.

This is despite massive propaganda. They roped in even the President of USA Bill
Clinton for this.


All the die hard fans including me, got such a massive heartache over dashed
expectations -- that we never looked at another Phantom comic ever since.   This
slick joke was supposed to make us laugh -- and roll all over the clover--

“I contracted malaria, mother” –Diana That’s nice.” -Lily

Here is another worn out one to the librarian --

“I guess you won’t need these anymore”  while crushing his glasses - Drax



The skull cave did NOT even have a waterfall over it. Phantom’s dog did NOT look
like a menacing wolf.

The zing was never there.


It was like you loved to eat brain cutlets , ate it with relish throughout your
life, and then one day some asshole forced a rotten brain cutlet on you, which
you had to lump, and now you will never ever look at a brain cutlet till you
die. Sometimes Phantom left the jungle to clean the night streets of New York in
a trenchcoat, fedora and darkglasses.  The evil men of the city trembled in
their shoes, and cold sweat ran down their necks , down the cracks of their
asses.   Billy Zane only made them giggle.


And to rub salt on our wounds , Billy Zane grinned like

a Cheshire billy cat at the drop of a hat, which made

us cringe. Thank god he did NOT have rotten teeth.


My childhood hero Phantom was a strong , silent  man with an amazing legacy and
script to live up to.. He rode a white swift stallion by the name of Hero, and
his menacing wolf followed him like his shadow.  When he punched bad men to the
ground it left an indelible skull mark on their mangy faces.

For four-hundred years, the Phantom has haunted the Bengalla woods, known to the
native inhabitants as "The Ghost Who Walks."   Kit Walker  is the twenty-first
man to take up the mantle, inheriting it from his late father , who makes
occasional ghostly appearances to advise him.  It's the lot of the Walker family
to "fight piracy, cruelty, and injustice in all its forms", and has been since
the boy who became the first Phantom witnessed his father's murder. Because all
the Phantoms wear the same costume, the outside world believes that there's only
one of them -- an immortal vigilante of sorts -- and Kit aint in any tearin’
hurry to dispel ze illusion.



He had an early warning radar , a falcon called Fraka .   When a new Phantom
takes the task from his dying father, he swears the Oath of the Skull: "I swear
to devote my life to the destruction of piracy, greed, cruelty, and injustice,
in all their forms, and my sons and their sons shall follow me".

-- and we all cried WOW!


This makes me ponder over how cleverly the Jews have taken over Hollywood. They
push their type of Jewish looks , and the rest of

the world has to lump it.


The paradigm for a handsome man or a beautiful

woman is now, someone with quintessential  corny

Jewish looks.


What a disgrace.

How many of you know that all the following are Jewish.  Kirk Douglas, Michael
Douglas, Harrison Ford, Kevin Costner, Charles Bronson, Richard Gere, Stevan
Segal, Dustin Hoffman, Bruce Willis—plus hundreds of others.

Today if you see a man looking like Michael Douglas- all would say “ Wow—so
handsome!”    His weak chin looking like water is now accepted as the “ in look
“ of a typical handsome man.

Does all this make me anti-semitic?

Just the truth , folks! Truth is bitter.

The Jews themselves are quite blatant about their “ rub it in “  banner—
HOLLYWOOD , MORE JEWISH THAN EVER.

Yes-- sure-- you gave us a  Jewish lookin'  Phantom.  Whom must we congratulate?

Attaboys!!


Advise: Next time you select a Phantom hero, make sure his shoulders are wider
than his ass.

Why blame the Jew lobby?   In Bollywood before Salman came and introduced
fitness --  all our yester year super heroes ( other than Dharmendra ) had
narrow shoulders and wide hips .. Just visualize, -- the entire Kapoor khandaan
of Raj-Shashi-Rishi-Randhir-Shammi, Rajesh Khanna, Manoj Kumar, Sanjeev Kumar,
Dilip Kumar, Dev Anand, Rajendra Kumar -- the entire dang lot. How many of them
dared to remove their shirts to expose their tuft titties or have a swimming
pool scene , revealing their gargantuan bottoms?

Lee Falk passed away on Saturday 13 March 1999 in New York, USA aged 87 years.
His career, spanning 1934-1999, was the longest of any comics writer, and it is
impossible for anybody else to achieve a similar record of almost 65 years
creating the most widely syndicated Phantom strip in the world. Lee, was always
insistent that his famous creation be portrayed with accuracy and dignity and it
was probably the reason so many studios could never make a Phantom.   -or
probably they were smart enough to figure out , that it is very difficult for
the movie to measure up to millions of dreams and fantasies.

He teamed up with Phil Davis , a master artist. His passing away, removes the
last link to the golden age of nostalgia via comics.

If he was alive I would have cried-- LEE FALK FOR PRESIDENT
*******************************************************************************
STUPID QWERTY KEYBOARD -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Last year , while waiting for my flight at London, I decided to have a beer . 

A female came and sat next to me, and I saw her using her right hand thumb to type a message into her mobile phone. Her thumb was a blur , typing amazingly fast, with NIL mistakes and deletions.

This set me thinking.

 Her mobile phone keyboard was not QWERTY.   

This is a stupid configuration, this planet is stuck with. 



On modern mobile phone keyboards where you type with one hand, this layout is bullshit.

This type key layout was designed, when Remington wanted to sell their mechanical typewriters, 140 years ago . So they trained their salesmen to type typewriter , very fast, and WOW all the dumb bumpkin folks.  It was easy as fingers needed to type only on the top row. 

The peabrained designer said to himself that as long as he puts QW and ZX at extreme corners on LH side ( as most people were right handed ) he would be called innovative. 

If you notice the keyboard itself is not ergometric. It was meant for human beings with VERY narrow shoulders, who could keep their elbows pressedto their body sides.  This means the typist cannot have pectoral muscles. 

When you have a mechanical typewriter you cannot type too fast , or the keys get entangled.  This layout was meant to slow you down deliberately.

This stupid QWERTY keyboard required most of the typing to be done on the top row, which required the fingers to travel. 



The middle row which is the home row should do most of the typing on a efficient system. and the bottom row should do the least-- as it is difficult to reach. Typing should be alternated between two hands.

It is high time a SPLIT innovative keyboard is made , for real HE men with pectorals. 

A typewriter is NO longer a cute typists monopoly--or for the matter a pigeon chested Amol Palekar type babu's.  



Arnold Swartznegger types too have to type -- when sitting in the California Governor's office.



Macho men all over the world are forced to type now.  Shorthand and dictation stenographers cum typists are history.



It is a survival skill as important as driving.

The below key board is DVORAK-- a woman by the name of Barbara Blackburn hit an amazing 212 words per minute .
*******************************************************************************
IBN BATTUTA AT CALICUT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

FIRST MOSQUE IN INDIA - CHERAMAN PERUMAL , KING OF CALICUT-- KING SOLOMON AND BATHSHEBA -- ALOE VERA FOR THE PHAROAH 




I am from Calicut—probably the most historical city on this planet. 

This sleepy town came into the limelight when Vasco-da-Gama came here in 1498, and landed at Kappad beach of Calicut.



He did NOT run aground here by accident. He came here, piloted across the Arabian sea by Ibn Majid, the Calicut king Zamorin’s deep sea pilot who saw a bunch of strange looking and lost men at the principal street of Malindi , in present day Kenya.




When Columbus , and all other navigators were searching for India, they were searching for Calicut. It was the richest city in the world, before the Muslims ( Ottoman ) and Christians ( Portuguese , British ) invaded India.


These riches came from millenniums of trade .   Calicut was a hub for deep ocean ships.


Ships used to have a weekly service to caravan hubs Aden and Salalah . From there spices went by caravan route to Jerusalem and Constantinople.  There were hubs at the Horn of Somalia , and Basra basin too. The Somali hub serviced the Pharaoh.  


Pharaoh sent his Cinnamon and Medical herb needs by his fax machine , the hawk and carrier pigeons. Socotra was used as an intermediate hub, as Kerala traders took provisions and water, and also embarked Aloe Vera ( used for making frankincense )  which they planted there.


The Pharoah’s pyramids architects were seers who worshipped Vishnu .   Verses from Bhagawat Gita was found in the great Pyramids ( can be seen in British museum ) , along with pictures of the seers with U marks on their foreheads , who were the architects of Pyramids, made on the Golden mean and Vaastu of Vedas.




Edgar Cayce has told in his trance readings that Jesus came to Calicut  ( by ship , from the Somali hub ) to learn Astrology, Mantra, Tantra , healing, dowsing, meditation etc., before he burst upon the scene at Jerusalem. 


Mary Magdelene was a dusky , long haired woman. Jesus told his disciple St Thomas to go to Calicut after his death. 



He sent another one St Peter to Vatican , where there was a massive Shiva temple.




King Solomon of Jerusalem, sent his ships to Calicut 2900 years ago . His palace has Sandal wood and teak from Calicut.


 His 6 point star royal seal is found on our Dravidian temples , which are 8000 years old. It pertains to the Anahata Chakra ( heart ) or the crystalline structure of pure living water.  




His mother Bathsheba was dusky with long hair.


Now let me talk about Ibn Battuta.


He was from Morocco and first went to Mecca at the age on 21 in 1335.  He went to Mecca several times, and had in depth knowledge of Mecca and Islam . He came to Calicut and was the Calicut Kings Qazi for a while, before he was sent by the King to Maldives, by ship to be a Qazi there.


The people at Calicut and Maldives did NOT like his hardliner Islamic policies and he was told to leave politely. He wanted all women to wear burkha and started talking about political matters from the mosque.  


From Maldives he went to Sri Lanka where a king from Kerala Marthanda Varma Rajashekaran was ruling from Jaffna..  He had describes a 7 foot tall solid gold statue of Vishnu with ruby eyes, in a huge temple near Adam’s peak – which was stolen by the Portuguese later.


From Sri Lanka he came back to Calicut and then left by a Chinese junk for China.


Ibn Battuta accounts say that Calicut King Cheman Perumal had a head priest cum accounts in-charge at the Shiva Temple ( called PAGAN temple by the west ) at Mecca which was a watering oasis for the camels , enroute to Jerusalem and Petra.  


This man was the uncle of prophet Mohammed.  He requested the king Cheraman Perumal to intervene.

For whatever reasons, the disturbed King decided to make a trip to Mecca , as soon as he heard that Mohammed founded Islam and installed the black stone of the Shiva temple , on the SE corner of the Kaaba. 



He took a ship from Calicut to Salalah and form there went by caravan route to Mecca. He met Mohammed , and the Islamic grapevine says that he was impressed by Islam and got converted from Hindu to Muslim.   The King’s court at Calicut does NOT record this conversion, though messages were sent fast by carrier pigeons and hawks.


The Encyclopedia Islamia admits as much when it says: "Muhammed's grandfather and uncles were hereditary priests of the Kaaba temple which housed 360 Vedic idols!" The encyclopedia Britannica records ths too.


Ibn Battuta tells that Cheraman Perumal gave some tangy Calicut ginger pickle to Muhammed who ate it with great relish. The Prophet distributed it among his companions too. I also received a piece to eat --Hakim reports in 'Al Musthadrak.


On the way back to Calicut, the king fell ill and was buried at Salalah, Oman. This is a pilgrimage centre, as the Muslims say that the Hindu king was converted by Mohammed to bear the Muslim name Tajuddin given to him by Hazrat Syedina Muhammadur Rasool.


After Mohammed the Prophet dies in 632 AD , June 8th, his loyal disciple Malik Bin Dinar landed at Calicut by ship in 643 AD , after visiting the dargah of Tajuddin ( King Cheraman Perumal ) at Salalah, 

He had a letter in King Cheraman Perumal’s hand in Malayalam that he has given permission to Mohammad to build mosques in Kerala.  There are some at Salalah who say that he was arm twisted into writing this letter and then killed.  Some say, he died out of remorse.


So Malik Bin Dinar became the first Qazi of the first mosque at Kodungallur in Kerala. Kodungallur was the centre of festivals during the reign of Hindu king Cheraman Perumal.

  
Vedic knowledge was translated into Arabic from Malayalam and Sanskrit at Mecca even before Mohammed was born . This was in great demand at Timbuctoo of Mali, where the wise king Mansa Musa traded large quantities of gold with books. 

All these priceless books in Maths Medicine and Science are kept underground, buried under the dry sands— to prevent the white man from stealing it, as per the records of Ibn Batuta.. 



So by the time the Christian Portuguese came in 1498, Islam was well established in Kerala. Today 55% are Hinduas,  25 % are Muslims , and 20% Christians.  There were lot of forced conversions by Muslim king Tipu Sultan who took away all our gold worth TRILLIONS of US dollars , and the British ( Rothschild ) took it away from him, after killing him . 

20% Christians because the favourite disciple of Jesus , St Thomas landed here in 52 AD, and established the first church.


Ibn Battuta first came to Calicut by land via Delhi. He records seeing a rhino at the Indus river and peacocks in Kerala.


Ibn Battuta prayed at the Kodungallur mosque . On the way back to Morocco from China he again came to Calicut by ship.  He reports seeing the huge and majestic Chinese junk ships of Chinese Admiral Zheng He's grandfather, who had come back from Mecca, and had visited the Kodungallur mosque, accompanied by the Calicut King's Muslim navy chief.

Ibn Batuta had said that the Kaaba black stone is a Shiva Lingam.
The Sultan of Birgi  ( Izmir Turkey ) showed him a BLACK METEORITE STONE uprooted  from an ancient Shiva Temple.
QUOTE: As we were sitting there, he said to me "Have you ever seen a stone that has fallen from the sky?"
I replied " No, nor ever heard of one."
A great black stone was brought, very hard and with a glitter in it, I reckon its weight was about a hundredweight.
The sultan sent for stone breakers, and four of them came and struck it all together four times over with iron hammers, but made no impression on it.
 
I was amazed, and he ordered it to be taken back to its place UNQUOTE

When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in Sanskrit. An employee German Max Mueller working for German Jews Rothschild, the owner of opium running  British East India company, was told by Vatican to subvert world history to prove to all, that Bible dates are right. That the big bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500 BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) . BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot of Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out of India, with their Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm ) as modern DNA tests have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . The Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican.


Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (727 BC to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India.  

The disciple of Plato Aristotle did NOT come to India , but he had very clearly written that Jews originated from Kerala in India.  Aristotle wrote that Jews came from KALANI in India.  He has written that Kalani was famous for their raised Kundalini sages ( maharishis ).  These are the same sages who built the Egyptian pyramids.

Alexander the great went back from India via Socotra by ship, to get some life saving Aloe Vera which was a spice trade outpost of Calicut King,  like Mecca and Salalah .

This is the reason why King David took a wife from Kerala named Bath Sheba. King Solomon took a wife from Kerala named whom all call Queen Sheba.  

Jesus Christ took a wife from Kerala named Mary Magdalene.  All know that Jesus Christ suddenly sprung up at Jerusalem from nowhere.  He was in Kerala India, learning healing, meditation, science, philosophy etc.
 

Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth. 

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon.. 

The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun . 

Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms

Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms

Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms

Diameter of moon 3499 kms

Diametr of earth 12798 kms

The Bhagavad Purana Canto 5, verse 2 says “The sun globe, which is a source of heat, has a width (vistaratah) of 10,000 yojanas. The moon has a width of 25 yojanas”

1 Yojana is 140 kms ( this distance is modern linear - NOT the energy spiral time/ distance path which is mentioned in all our Puranas ).  In reality everything on this cosmos from Macro to Micro   is  spiral energy .

In linear time Prakritti (manifest creation) came forth from the Purusha (the absolute beyond anything created). It is a point from which all came into being. In non-linear time, this point is always present where the ‘nothing’ and the ‘something’ connect beyond words. This space is 108.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/07/oort-cloud-hindu-yugas-and-breath-of.html

Yojana/ Yugas  has been poison injected by the white invader to make Hindus look stupid.  BR Ambedkar was given a list of poison injectd spots in our Vedas / Upanishads/ Puranas and he wrote a book ( Riddles in Hindusim ) as if he is a great Vedic Pandit who knows Sanskrit and who has read all our ancient scriptures.

When you look at the Sun and the Moon from earth they are perceived as the SAME size, this same size appears because of their distance and diameters.

The 108 division is the coming together of Purusha and Prakriti. It is the vibration of the Purusha and Prakriti that has put us into existence.

In Ayurveda there are a 108 marmas in the body. They are points where consciousness impinges the body that can heal or kill a living being.

They are vital points where consciousness connects to the body, where Purusha (consciousness) is brought into Prakriti (body) to give life to the living being. When we recite Sanskrit Mantras  108 times it acts as a Kavach (protection) to each Marma.

The 108 intersections on the Sri Yantra  invoke the cosmic balance of Purusha and Prakriti and the primordial ability of the seer Maharishi to see both clearly.

Nine is connected to Ketu, the moksa Karaka (liberation)

In Sri Yantra there are 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4 point upwards.  The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the 10000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship between pi and phi . 

The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt.

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

Numerologically, nine is a very special number, it always returns to itself. Look how it behaves with other numbers:
9 x 1 = 9
9 x 2 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 3 = 27, 2 + 7 = 9
9 x 4 = 36, 3 + 6 = 9
9 x 5 = 45, 4 + 5 = 9
9 x 6 = 54, 5 + 4 = 9
9 x 7 = 63, 6 + 3 = 9
9 x 8 = 72, 7 + 2 = 9
9 x 9 = 81, 8 + 1 = 9
9 x 10=90, 9 + 0 = 9
9 x 11=99, 9 + 9 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 12 = 108

108 is the numerical equivalent of Hindu King Mantra OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  A rudraksha mala woen by an ancinent maharishi had 108 beads .

When the ocean of milk ( Akash Ganga- milky way of the cosmos  ) was churned in the beginning of time, it could only be done with the working unity of the positive and negative cosmic forces-  devas (gods) and asuras (demons).

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles. This forms the basis of Dvaita Hinduism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology.

The pineal gland produces AMRIT- Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith..

You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . 

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. 

THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. 

They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.

To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. 

Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA. 

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. 

The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness

This churning allows the kundalini to rise on the mountain axis ( meru)  of our spine with the turtle of the root chakra below. Wife Parvati rising to meet husband Shiva at the Sahasrara Chakra- the gate at Sushumna Nadi being opened by her son Ganesha at Muladhara Chakra.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Kalari talks about 108 marmas. 

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons ) . The rest are too short lived.

The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes. 

The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through hyperspace—the THEORY OF EVERYTHING is inherent in this mystic 3D geometry.

The heat of the big bang cooked up and created the elements in Dimitri Mendeleev's periodic table. Sanskrit and Malayalam has 54 alphabets.

Vishnu avatar Varaha boar placed 108 in the cosmic equation .  Mind you, the Muslims stopped worshipping at Babri Masjid at Ayodhya after they saw the boar statues. They equated it with PIG.

In the Varaka avatar , Vishnu as the boar  carried the Earth out of the ocean between his tusks and restored it to its place in the universe and later killed Hinranyaksha ( Jaya ) . 

 THIS IS AN AMAZING ALLEGORY.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam
tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara

"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks." - (S.Baghawatam. 2.7.1)

See the divine magic.

We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?    

During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the sun—this again requires some fixing right?  

For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter. 

There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this in our Vedas in 5000 BC.

Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the major Puranas.

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC

‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)

Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this-
Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.

This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.

The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know that. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical cord. They can have dreams. The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with humans.  It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans.

Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins. Pigs can see in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

Vishnu first Matsya avatar was a DOLPHIN –that is why NO human being eats dolphin. 

In this purana ,  the dolphin saved the Vedas , which contained the blue prints for the cosmos and DNA codes of life on earth.  It has been proved recently that dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures. 

They are conscious animals and pass the mirror test.  Only humans , Indian elephants  and apes like bonobos and dolphins pass the mirror test. Dolphins are second only to humans in smartness. MRI scans indicate that these marine mammals are self-aware. Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to be present only in humans.

Christianity lifted the story to have a male and female specimen of each species in a stupid NOAH s ark. While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA codes.

nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai:
antha: thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam /
nishprathyooha tharanga ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa
Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha: maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING:
“The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC

The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz.-

The sound emitted by the dolphins, has a frequency of 7.83 hertz which is the same as the Hindu king Mantra OM and the earth’s heart beat ( Schumann’s resonance ) .   Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. No Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM . 

From the conch OM sound comes as its innards are shaped by the morphogenetic consciousness field or BrahmAn.  Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts.   This sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide.

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing. When you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786 -- the holy number on every Koran.

Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

Humans cannot hear less than 20 Hertz- but our hearts can hear it.


Dolphins are attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation during underwater research.

Grace and peace!
*******************************************************************************
NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE , UNTOLD SECRETS OF RABAUL TUNNELS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
HOLOCAUST AND GENOCIDE IN RABAUL-- MISSING SOLDIERS OF INDIAN NATIONAL ARMY IN PAPAU NEW GUINEA -- AZAD HIND FAUJ FOOLED INTO TUNNEL DIGGING -- INA SOLDIERS FOR JAP FOOD-- CANNIBALISM OF INDIANS -- DECEIT MOST FOUL -- 



I must state that Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose is the "King among patriots".

Let this gruesome post NOT take away his sheen.

AT THE END OF THIS POST I 

WILL GIVE PROOF ABOUT INA 

SOLDIERS WHO WERE EATEN 

BY THE JAPANESE SOLDIERS 

FOR FOOD AT RABAUL.

Below: Target practice, bayonet and then eat !



LATE ADDENDA :  FOR 3 YEARS PEOPLE POOH POOHED THIS POST.  HOWEVER I HAVE BEEN VINDICATED BY THIS TIMES OF INDIA REPORT ON AUG 11TH 2014-

HIGHLIGHT LINK BELOW, RIGHT CLICK AND CHOOSE LINK:-

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Japanese-ate-Indian-PoWs-used-them-as-live-targets-in-WWII/articleshow/40017577.cms


#############################
Just a feeler- CLASSIFIED INFO RELEASE
###############################

punch into google search-

http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/17941778

SYDNEY MORNING HERALD

Japanese Cannibalism In New Guinea

SAN FRANCISCO, April 23, 1945
A.A.P.— Frank Bartholomew.     

Vice- president of the American United Press , said to-day that  the Japanese cut off from supplies practise cannibalism in New Guinea during the actionsat Buna, Gona, and Sanananda.

An Australian Lieut.-Colonel L. T.Shave early in 1943. showed me captured food tins containing boiled hands from which all the flesh had been picked," said Batholomew, who has not previous been able to relate the story due to censorship.

General Eichelberger, commanding the combined Allied Advanced forces, told me of the discovery among make-shift Japanese supplies of a large stock of flesh cut off Caucasian bodies and wrapped in banana leaves.

"There was no evidence that the Japanese killed prisoners for food, they apparently used bodies not recovered by our forces."


Lieut.-Colonel Robert Williams, who has just returned from the Pacific, said that circulars captured in the Philippines revealed that the Japanese had eaten their own dead. 

The circulars explained that, starving soldiers could survive by eating human flesh, and  gave details of which part of the body were best for eating. Mutilated bodies suggesting cannibalism were found in the hills of Leyte.

####################################

The Brits hated belligerent Bose.  He was incarcerated 11 times in 20 years , and they even tried to murder him.


But they loved Gandhiji and Nehru, for being their type of peaceful Indian.

For my  9th Standard Social studies examination, there was a question of – What was the role of  Subhash Chandra Bose in INA .


So I dished out the usual fare , which everybody wants to hear ”  Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose was a great patriot of India.  In 1941, Netaji went to Japan and formed the I.N.A. in 1943. 1945 witnessed the I.N.A. waging a war from the North - West of our country. He inspired his army with the battle cry 'Delhi Chalo'. Even though he did not succeed in this battle, he had driven home his message. The Britishers realised that the Indians were serious about gaining independence, and would assume any VIOLENT means towards that end. On August 17, 1945, Bose died in a plane crash while flying from Bangkok to Tokyo—BLAH BLAH BLAH “.

On the right of Netaji Subhash Chandra bose in the above picture stands Dr. Lakshmi Sahgal ( practising in Singapore ) , who was catapulted to the rank of Colonel of Women's wing of INA ( Jhansi regiment )  .


I do not think LakshmiJI would have heard of Rabaul , even today.


Below: Bull of the first order.  MO Mathai was chosen as Nehru's secretary by Edwina Mountbatten, of Rothschild family.





Above is statue of Bose in Japan erected in a shrine , by a GRATEFUL Japanese. In the group photo underneath, Bose is on the way to board a I-29 submarine along with Japs.

Why on earth were the Japs so grateful to our Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose --Bharat Ratna? 

--pray? 

WHAT FOLLOWS  WILL CAUSE A GREAT DEAL OF HEART ACHE.   PROCEED ONLY IF YOU WANT TO HEAR THE TRUTH. 





 I HAVE DONE LOT OF PERSONAL RESEARCH AT RABAUL, OVER 10 MONTHS, INTERVIEWING HUNDREDS OF TRUSTWORTHY LOCALS AND SEVERAL INSPECTIONS OF MOST OF THE SITES.


First let me put a picture of the bridge wings of my ship while berthed 1 kilometer off active volcano Tavarvur at Rabaul.


Within 20 hours of cargo discharge ( Jet fuel, Gas oil, Gasolene ) at the Shell chartered berth, we would have half an inch of thick black hot volcanic soot all over our decks.




The above picture shows the starboard bridge wings of my ship, at the active Tavarvur volcano.


During World War 2,  Japanese landed at Rabaul on Jan 23rd 1942, after bombing the town and took over without even a fight. 


Japan finally surrendered to Alllied forces on Sept 6th 1945,  at Rabaul, when General Imamura boarded HMS Glory and formally surrendered at commanded by the Japanese Emperor, to General Vernon AH Sturdee.   




Rabaul has 620 kilometers of tunnels dug into hard pumic volcanic rock, by Dec 1944 , to protect the Japanese Soldiers.




This Japanese base was never taken as they were too well entrenched thanks to this amazing tunnel maze.  




It is still there and is a great Japanese tourist attraction. I have inspected quite  a few of these tunnels taking locals with me.


 I took with me several longlife batteries and powerful torches, as there were snakes inside.




Unless you wear waist deep waders you cant enter most of the pitch black tunnels.



On 15th Feb 1942 Singapore fell.  A small Japanese army , routed a well fortified Allied army of 90000 soldiers in just 6 days .  


British Prime Minister Winston Churchill called the ignominious fall of Singapore to the Japanese the "worst disaster" and "largest capitulation" in British history and railed at the cowardice of  the British Generals..


The POW were camped at Changi prison, which aslo included the POW from the Malaya campaign.


The Japanese knew that Rabaul had to be their Head Quarters in the Pacific. 




Though they had more than 120000 Japanese soldiers there, they wanted SLAVE LABOUR to cut deep tunnels in volcanic Pumice rock.


The temperatures in the tunnel would be 45 deg C and humid. They figured only the tropical Indian could do it, in a docile manner--especially if they are fooled into thinking it is a war effort.


Once the terrible digging job started all such pretenses stopped.


They knew that Rabaul would be pounded with Phosporous bombs and they had to go underground.


The locals there were hardly 3500 in number, and were proper Papua New Guinea cannibals, who would eat you up if they got a chance.


This is where the INA comes in.


Japanese captors at Changi, negotiated with a British Indian Captain by the name of Mohan Singh.


He was convinced that he could head an army of Indian POW soldiers and fight against the British. 



They dangled the bait of direct jump from Captain Mohan to General Mohan Singh, which he bit. 



Soon INA soldiers were guarding Changi camp along with the Japanese—just a deceit to fool a simpleton who did not understand politics. 


Out of the 130000 prisoners at Changi -  41000 were Indian soldiers.  Out of this more than half of this  formed INA Indian soldiers’ battalion were tricked to ostensibly fight shoulder to shoulder against the British in other fronts and taken by ship and secretly dumped in Rabaul. 

Now the situation was unique, Indians under Japs will kill Indians under Brits-- or vice versa.


This is the second biggest deceit in history.   ( The first being 1.2 million Indian Indentured labour flung all around the planet by the British, as a glorified form of slave labor, which  you can read by punching into google search   THE INDENTURED COOLIE , SLAVERY RE-INVENTED, VADAKAYIL. )


Soon Mohan Singh though a simpleton got to know Japanese treachery. So on 29th Dec 1942, Japanese promptly shed all secrecy and put him into jail.  




And then in June 1943, with Hilter’s connivance our great Indian Hero , our Great Bharat Ratna nominee , took over as supreme commanded of INA, renamed as Azed Hind Fauz, got himself a Field Marshall's uniform and took over.


 Out of the 22000 INA soldiers transported to Rabaul—EACH AND EVERY ONE OF THEM DIED— only a handful deserters , whose survival instincts  were smart enough escaped. 




For the last few dozens who survived the bizzare tunnel digging were massacred and given a mass burial , before the Japanese surrendered.



Today you cannot see the name of a single Indian soldier in any cemetery of Papau New Guinea.


You may wonder how 22000 soldiers can die over a period of 2.5 years , the time taken for 620 kilometers of tunnels in hard pumice rock to be made. 




Take a calculator , and work out how many hours a day a person has to work to dig out manually with pick axes and crowbars 620 kilometers of hard rock tunnels on an average of 8 feet high, and 10 feet wide.  


JUST WORK OUT WITH YOUR CALCULATOR, HOW MANY TONS OF ROCK ONE MAN HAS TO CHIP OUT MANUALLY WITH PICK AXES IN ONE DAY .


Not a single Japanese soldier out of 120000 lifted a finger in this tunnel making process. 




They had 2200 prostitutes shipped in from China, Phillipines and Korea.  All of them lived in the tunnels. 


Like the Indians the expendable Korean , Filipino and Chinese women too got massacred.


There was NO electricity to have power tools. Over the last 9 months , to keep at least one air strip operational the Indians were forced to work in the open even with bombs falling around them.


 It must be understood that Americans dropped 20967 tons of bombs on Rabaul in 29354 sorties . 





Due to the tunnels 93 anti aircraft guns , 43 cannons and thousands of infantry guns were still intact.




They used the Indian to cultivate 16000 acres of vegetable gardens. 

 

They forced the locals to catch fish for them, and these local highlanders were poor fishermen.




On April 18th 1943, Japanese Admiral Isoruku Yamamoto’s plane was shot down as soon as he took off from Rabaul to Bouganville.  



His bunker is a Jap tourist attraction.







These tunnels around Rabaul Simpson’s harbor were NOT just tunnels. They held everything a normal city would hold. 





It had everything built into it, including a 2500 bed hospital , four kilometers long , with five basement levels . 





There were Shinto shrines. Admiral Yamamoto’s bunker with two circular map rooms was well equipped ( this place stinks as many Western tourists piss there to antagonize the Jap tourists ) .



Barracks could hold 200000 soldiers. There were 5 airstrips which could be entered from any number of tunnel entrances. Some of these tunnels could hold mini submarines and ships. There were several antiaircraft posts and pill boxes. There were aircraft hangars too.  Inside were mine , bomb , flame thrower and mortar factories.


The Indians died of Malaria, malnutrition, torture ( for NOT completing the daily quota ), big testicle Diphteria ( nicknamed Changi Indian balls ) , sunstroke, dysentery, wet Beriberi, sheer exhaustion—when they died they were just buried at tunnel extremes with displaced rubble.  






Only 436 skeletons were exhumed and buried at Port Moresby Bomana Commonwealth war cemetery . When the found the DNA to be of Indian stock—a plaque was put “ HERE LIES AN UNKOWN BRITISH SOLDIER 1942-45, KNOWN ONLY UNTO GOD”


Medicines were only for Japanese soldiers.  Indian were given sweet potato and water to drink. If you have seen the Bridge on the River Kwai, the British officers refused to work with the Indian soldiers as a form of racism—all this history has been fudged. Rather you see the British Colonel doing Namaste in a very kind manner to them.


It is MOST FOUL that other nationalities write sob stories of how their soldiers dug these 620 kilometers of tunnels , and earn moolah by writing bullshit books. At least be respectful to the dead.




The war just over 65 years back— I got my news from local eye-witnesses and their children. The 22000 unfortunate INA army Indians were NOT allowed to wear uniforms. There were NIL Indians in Rabaul before the Japs came in. There were some Chinese and Filipinos in China town and some whites –that was all.


The British spared Captain turned General Mohan Singh. 






But they would have hung Netaji Bose along with the Japanese prime minister Hideki Tojo , if they had caught him live. Gandhi and Nehru has agreed to British demand.


Today every year lot of Bongs go to pay homage to someone who died on 16th Sept 1985 at river Sarayu Faizabad.  They can be heard shouting “ DILLI CHALO” after the ceremony is over. Why don’t you investigate next year , who this mystery man is, and why he is buried at this secret spot –and why don’t you get a DNA test done.



During the war trials , where the Japanese Prime Ministed went to the gallows , everybody conveniently skirted this issue. punch into google search RADHA BINOD PAL THE FORGOTTEN INDIAN VADAKAYIL.  

War crimes can only be counted if it is against the white man, or a Jew right?

 

While flying out from Rabaul ( only Air Nuigini services this place ) I had a couple of beers with some young Jap tourists.  All of them had either their dad or grand dad out here in Rabaul during the 2nd world war, and were pretty sentimental about the tunnels.  

 

I told them " Listen, 620 kilometers is 230 kilometers more than the distance from Mumbai to Goa.  I once drove down , from Mumbai to Goa and got very tired.  I cant imagine someone digging huge tunnels , 620 kilometers long through hard rock in two years flat  . 

 

Did the soldiers find some diamonds or lost civilization relics, to sustain such crazy digging ?"

The answer was a calculated " NO!"


But for the information superhighway provided by the internet, you wiould never ever come to know all this. The world is controlled by pretenders and big brother.


JUST 11 INDIAN SOULS , OUT OF 22000 INA SOLDIERS ( READ AS INDIAN SOLDIER WING OF JAPANESE ARMY ) SURVIVED --  THOSE WHO ESCAPED INTO THE DENSE JUNGLES.




IF YOU LOVE YOUR MOTHERLAND SAY A PRAYER FOR THESE UNFORUNATE SOULS.



Bottom line: If I had been in Netaji's place I would have wondered where is the catch? 

Why are all the  snooty big guns like Japanese Emperor, Japanese Prime minister, Hitler etc so eager to felicitate me? 



Am I so damn important?  

Or do they want to fool me and use my countrymen for CHEAP LABOUR ? 



YES--  THEY GOT THEIR CHEAP LABOUR,  GOT 620 KILOMETERS OF TUNNELS DUG THROUGH HARD ROCK IN 2 YEARS FLAT AND BURIED WHOEVER SURVIVED AFTER THE JOB -- 

NO QUESTIONS ASKED-- 



DEAD MEN TELL NO TALES!

QUESTION TO BOSE:    

WHEN THE CHANCELLOR OF GERMANY ,  THE PRIME MINISTER OF JAPAN AND OTHER IMPORTANT LEADERS WANTED TO HAVE PHOTO SHOOTS WITH YOU, AND SUDDENLY TREATED A NON-ENTITY LIKE YOU , LIKE PRINCESS DIANA -- WHY DID YOU NOT SMELL A RAT? 



COULD YOU IMAGINE THAT CHURCHILL DELIBERATELY STARVED 5.2 MILLION OF YOUR BENGALI BROTHERS AND SISTERS AS RETRIBUTION IN 1943 , FOR CHANGING BOATS FROM BRITISH TO JAPANESE , IN MID-WATER- DURING THE 2ND WORLD WAR?











 

99.99% of the Bengalis would love to contest this post. To these non-believing souls I will tell them this. 

" None of you know that Subhash Chandra Bose had a Jewish wife, right?  And that too when he was a staunch bed fellow of the Nazi Germans under Hilter. 


WHY DONT YOU DO A DNA TEST OF BOSE'S DAUGHTER AND GRAND CHILDREN? 

Netaji's wife was Emilie Schenkl.  Bose married her in Dec 1937.  Emilie bore him a daughter by the name of Anita in 1942 , who was a professor of Economics at the University of Augsburg. Bose's grandchildren's names are Arun, Krishna and Maya. Bose's constant passionate declarations to his army INA --that he does NOT have children and hence they are his children must be taken with a pinch of salt-- that is after you do the DN test on his wife and grand children. 



Of course your blind servility to Bose may cause you to say that DNA tests are all bull. You are free to believe what you want. For you truth is NOT supreme. No matter how much you are woken up, you will still pretend to sleep." 



Above: A young Anita with her mother and Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose's wife Emilie Schenkl.

Below:  Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose's daughter Anita Bose Pfaff.



Below Amartya Sen with Anita -Bose's daughter ( born on 29th Nov 1942 ).



Below Bose with his wife Emilie Schenkl. The 165 love letters they exchanged are preserved . 

His friend ACN Nambiar, who was the head of the Indian legion in Germany in Bose's absence , did the kanya-dan.



In the picture below , AC Narayanan Nambiar is 2nd from right.




Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose when compared to Gumnami (nameless) Baba,  Bhagwanji or Pardewale Baba. (Remaining always behind curtain), Mauni Baba.
Same birthday Jan 23rd- same age looks
Same face, same height
Same handwriting ( as declared by niece Lalita )
Same mannerisms, getting upset over the same things
Same habits
Command over English , German , Sanskrit and Bengali
Same voice—this was a dead give away.
Same friends like Dr Pabitra Mohan Roy, Leela Roy.
Same scapel mark on abdomen
Same gap in teeth
Same personal effects, including familiar silver round rimmed specs and a gold rolex watch
He used to enquire about old guards  like Bhagatram Talwar, Mohansingh, Captain Laxmi, Thakur Singh, Dr. Gairula, Acchut Patwardhan, Narendra Deo, Shankarrao Deo, Sahagal, S.A.Ayer, Swami, Jagannath Bhonsle, Dilip Kumar Roy, Anil Baran Toy, Satyaranjan Bakshi, Prem Bhatia etc.
The original of the Khosla Commission's 1971 summons to Suresh Bose, Netaji's elder brother, was found among Mauni Baba’s belongings.
Thirteen people were present when Bhagwanji of Faizabad was cremated at Guptar Ghat on the banks of River Saryu (Uttar Pradesh) on September 18, 1985. When the pyre was lit, one of them broke down and said, "…there should have been 13 lakh people here!"
Told a woman about his visit to Stuttgart in Germany. How could a penniless hermit could talk so knowledgeably about a city in a foreign country.
Baba instructed to contact Swami N.G. of INA (Intelligence chief in Germany and SE Asia) and see that his daughter Anita should be absolved from stigma.
There are more than 143 points of similarities between Netaji and Babaji.
When he dies his body was draped in  tricolour on the passage to Guptar Ghat.

Is 2674 items in 23 boxes normal for a Sadhu? What about  German made binoculars? Books included The History of the Freedom Movement in India, The Last Days of the Raj, Moscow’s Shadow Over West Bengal and Solzhenitsyn’s The Gulag Archipelago. This could not be the bedtime reading of a sadhu, right?.


Bose was NOT unfamiliar with such deception. He had hoodwinked the British and escaped from India to Germany via Afghanistan in disguise as a Pathan-- of the deaf and dumb variety.



In the guise of a Pathan insurance agent ("Ziaudddin") to Afghanistan, Bose had travelled to Moscow with the passport of an Italian nobleman "Count Orlando Mazzotta". From Moscow he reached Rome and from there he traveled to Germany where he instituted the Special Bureau for India under Adam von Trott zu Solz, broadcasting on the German-sponsored Azad Hind Radio. He founded the Free India Centre in Berlin and created the Indian Legion (consisting of some 4500 soldiers) out of Indian prisoners of war who had previously fought for the British in North Africa, but had been captured by Axis forces. The Azad Hind legion was attached to the Waffen SS, and they swore their allegiance to Hitler and Bose to secure India's independence.

In 1941, when Winston Churchill learnt that Bose had sought the support of the Axis Powers, he frothed from his mouth in rage, and ordered British agents to assassinate Bose. This remarkable claim comes from Irish historian Dr. Eunan O'Halpin, who is the author of several books on British intelligence and teaches at Trinity College, Dublin.
British agents were instructed to intercept and eliminate Bose before he reached Germany via the Middle East, according to Professor O'Halpin. According to him, a recently declassified intelligence document refers to a top-secret instruction to the Special Operations Executive (SOE) of British intelligence to murder Bose.

Two SOE operatives in Turkey were instructed by their headquarters in London to intercept Bose and kill him before he reached Germany. They failed because Bose reached Germany through Central Asia and the Soviet Union. Every time the operatives checked back, headquarters told them Churchill's orders were intact and Bose must be found and killed.


A stenographer, Sham Lal Jain, deposed before the Khosla Commission that ‘Pandit Nehru asked him to make typed copies of a hand-written note that said Bose had reached Russia via Dairen [Manchuria]’. He also alleged that Nehru asked him to type a letter to British Prime Minister Attlee that ‘Bose, your war criminal, has been allowed to enter Russian territory by Stalin’. According to the Hindustan Times of March 4th, 2001, Justice Mukherjee asked for this correspondence (when on a visit to London) but was told that the British Government will declassify Bose documents ‘only after 2021 if the Indian Government so desires’.






Veiled references about the horrid ordeal of INA soldiers found at Rabaul on being re-captured -- is all you will ever get from the English speaking writers and press. 

Horrors in Wrecked Rabaul/ Type/ Newspaper Article/ Description/ An article from the Pacific Islands Monthly describing Rabaul after the Japanese surrender/ Date October 1945/ Published Source Pacific Islands Monthly, Pacific Publications, Sydney/   The Indians POW (officers and men from Singapore) had a very bad time and were very thin indeed. They were cheerful and awfully pleased to see us.




Punch into google search UNSUNG HEROES OF INA - VADAKAYIL, to know the truth about INA.

In the video below you can see Subhash Chandra Bose at Nehru's funeral-- came and left immediately. They came in 3 taxis, 




From the taxi,  Netaji  sent an envelope to Lal Bahadur Shastri , who came running to welcome him...Then Lal Bahadurji and Netaji went inside the Teenmurthy Bhawan...After sometime, Shastriji escorted Netaji back to the taxi... Netaji took out a package , arrived beside Nehru's body and offered a giant garland of roses as homage...Netaji also added a note to the garland in English...The note said,"Another name of Jawaharlal Nehru is courage.Let us confront the crisis of our nation for the future of India"...The note was undersigned as 'Subhas Chandra Bose' ...

80 Members of Parliament visited PM Shri Lalabahadur Shastri and proclaimed that the monk was none other than Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose-- without any shadow of doubt...Shastriji could not give a reply!...This photograph sent ripples in England ...It was published in very important newspapers like Daily Mail, London Times etc, with a caption - 'Tell India! Who is this Swamiji!'.

Why did Netaji go for Nehru's funeral.  Probably he was under delusion that the Indian Govt will repeal its "Netaji is dead" declaration to Britain-- and welcome him back like how Julius Caesar was welcomed after a campaign in Rome.  

And probably there would be clamor to make him the new Prime Minister instead of Lal Bahadur Shastri.   But Shastri did NOT allow any of this.




NOW FOR THE CANNIBALISM PART.

Click on this link below


trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/tag?...1...Japanese%20Cannibalism

You can see hundreds of archived digitalized newspapers.  All talking about Japanese eating Indian INA Soldiers in Rabaul.


just a couple of examples--



DEATH FOR JAP WHO PRACTISED CANNIBALISM
RABAUL. Tuesday.

It was alleged at the war crimes court to day that four Japanese had given sick Indians" injections and that after the Indians had died they cooked and had eaten part of their bodies

Found guilty of cannibalism Captain Takashi Takase was sentenced to death and the other three to ten years gaol.

AP DOCTOR TO HANG FORMURDER OF P.O.W's RABAUL, Tuesday

A Jap medical officer, Lieut. Has-ata Tomiyasu, was "found guilty bythe war crimes court and sentenced  to death by hanging, for the murder of 14 Indian soldiers and for cannibalism.       
The "incident occurred in the We-wak area in 1944.   

The case for the prosecution rest-ed upon statutory declaration by an Indian .P.O.W., Second-Lieut. Abdul Latif who was killed in an aircraft crash last December.  He said-thatTomiyasu took Pte Ghan away from the camp, ostensibly to get- medical supplies for the Indian troops.

Tomiyasu returned alone and said that Khan had run away.    Latif said he believed Ghan was
killed because that night he sawfresh meat in a cookhouse. The statement also gave details of
the shooting of Indians , and added that the only fresh meat to be hadat Sowan was human flesh. 


INDIAN OFFICERS SHOT FOR BEING ,TOO WEAK TO WORK
Rabaul Thursday.

At the trial to day of Lieut-General Adachi on charge of responsibility for war crimes committed by his subord-inates it was stated that a Japanese  lieutenant and two NCO's near Wewak in February, 1945, shot four Indian officers because they were tooweak to carry heavy loads on a march.          

The shooting of the Indians is included in the long list of atrocities which were alleged to have been committed by Adachi s men  Lieut Chint Singh, who was a Prisoner of war at Wewak, des scribed the methods of ill-treatment,adopted by the Japanese. Out of 529 men held as prisoners between July, 1943, and April, 1944, no fewer than 130 had died. Indians, whowere wounded during air raids, had sand thrown over their bodies. 

The treatment by the Japanese was most iniquitous.Under cross-examination he said he had joined the Indian National Army under duress.


QUOTE-- However, according to historian Yuki Tanaka: "cannibalism was often a systematic activity conducted by whole squads and under the command of officers". This frequently involved murder for the purpose of securing bodies.
For example, an Indian POW, Havildar Changdi Ram, testified that: "[on November 12, 1944] the Kempeitai beheaded [an Allied] pilot. I saw this from behind a tree and watched some of the Japanese cut flesh from his arms, legs, hips, buttocks and carry it off to their quarters... They cut it [into] small pieces and fried it."
In some cases, flesh was cut from living people: another Indian POW, Lance Naik Hatam Ali (later a citizen of Pakistan), testified that in New Guinea:
the Japanese started selecting prisoners and every day one prisoner was taken out and killed and eaten by the soldiers. I personally saw this happen and about 100 prisoners were eaten at this place by the Japanese. The remainder of us were taken to another spot 50 miles [80 km] away where 10 prisoners died of sickness. At this place, the Japanese again started selecting prisoners to eat. Those selected were taken to a hut where their flesh was cut from their bodies while they were alive and they were thrown into a ditch where they later died.

Perhaps the most senior officer convicted of cannibalism was Lt Gen. Yoshio Tachibana (立花芳夫,Tachibana Yoshio), who with 11 other Japanese personnel was tried in August 1946 in relation to the execution of U.S. Navy airmen, and the cannibalism of at least one of them, during August 1944, on Chichi Jima, in the Bonin Islands. The airmen were beheaded on Tachibana's orders. As military and international law did not specifically deal with cannibalism, they were tried for murder and "prevention of honorable burial". Tachibana was sentenced to death, and hanged.":  UNQUOTE

Recently a British General has declared that Japs did cannibalism at Rabaul.(www.antonybeevor.com)


Now, some doodh ka doodh paani ka paani--

The cry JAI HIND was NOT coined by Netaji Bose.  It was made by Dr Champakaraman Pillai ,  who formed the Berlin Committee in Germany to assist freedom fighters before the 1st World war . He  had direct dealings with Hitler. He died on May 28th, 1934 under suspicious circumstances , because he asked for a written apology from Hitler with a deadline, for derogatory reference to Indians in his book Mein Kamph.. His ashes were scattered in Karamana River in Thiruvananthapuram.  His ashes could not be brought in before, due to objections from Gandhiji and Nehru . The Indian Navy's warship, I.N.S. Delhi, flying the flag of Free India, brought the great patriot Pillai's ashes to Cochin on September 16, 1966.   He had come to Madras on German battleship, SS Emden and angrez ka ghar mein ghuske maara.  


Rash Behari Bose was in Japan taking shelter with Mitsuru Toyama, head of the dreaded Yakuza.

Bagha Jatin the great patriot was in charge in India —the Bengal Tiger of India.

Pandit Shyamaji Krishnavarma, formed  Indian Home Rule Society, India House in London . His ashes too were rejected by Gandhi and Nehru.  Finally Bollywood actor Vinod Khanna , Narendra Modi , and others etc pulled levers, and this great patriot's ashes was officially handed over to the Chief Minister of Gujarat State on August 22, 2003,  by the Ville de Genève and the Swiss government, 55 years after Indian Independence.

Well what do we know?-- the young generation knows Diggi Vijay , Ambika Soni, Anand Sharma , Kapil Sibal , Salman Khurshid etc , right?


See pictures below.  

Dont throw up.  

These pictures are of a popular Japanese "Cannibal " restaurant. 

The fare is NOT human however--but some other foods . Shows warped DNA program.








Part two of this post will make you vomit--and wonder how man can be so evil.

Punch into Google search DOCTOR DEATH SHIRO ISHII, EMPEROR HIROHITO- VADAKAYIL

Watch the video below, the legacy of Japanese army cannibalism. 




There will divine retribution for cannibalism . There will be Japanese specific diseases soon to young children affecting their future health ,  which will be a mystery - but it will be about mutated genes.

Below: Paying for sins of ancestors - KAWASAKI DISEASE 


This is NOT restricted to eating humans alone.  Countries like China who eat dogs ( carnivorous animals ) will also be affected.
*******************************************************************************
KURISHUPALLY CALICUT, ST GEORGE'S SHRINE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


A SHRINE WHERE CHRISTIANS, HINDUS, MUSLIMS AND JEWS PRAY TOGETHER.



Today myself and my wife went to Domino's pizza at Calicut . After getting the takeway, she wanted to go to the next door Kurishupalli ( shrine with cross in Malayalam ) to offer a prayer.


I had been wanting to see the black stone inside this shrine for a long time. So I tagged along. 

Was the black stone a broken up Shiva Lingam?  It is reputed that this black stone becomes taller every year, or it rose out of the foundation.


I checked it out--  well it was a little too big to be a Shiva lingam and also the stone was too coarse, and was probably black granite-- not a meterorite . 

A cross had been chiselled on to the front face of this rectangular black stone stone. The top part of the stone appeared to be broken and is uneven. The stone was oily, probably to prevent devotees from kissing the stone, or may be to sanitise the stone daily..




This shrine gets visitors cutting across all faiths. Hindus , Christains and Muslims etc --all go there. 



The cross etched on the stone is NOT a christian cross, but the type with equal arms, which crusaders wore on their tunics, also popularly known as St George's cross. 




St George was the patron saint of Portugal , much before he became the patron saint of England. So I guess the Portuguese must have installed it in 1498. 

St George is the patron saint for madness due to syphillis. 

A big percentage of Vaco Da Gama's sailors were suffering from it in 1498 when they landed at Calicut--  and the locals called this disease PIRANGI PUNNU ( foreigner's disease ).

I remember asking a Russian Jew if there are any temples in Jerusalem where all faiths go to worship. Muslims, Jews, Christians etc.  

He had told me of a shrine at Beith Jala near Bethlehem. Previously all faiths used to pray at this PAGAN temple. Mad people used to be hit with peacock feathers on the head by the priest. 



This site is regarded as the birth place of St George, as per Christians -- but the Jews consider it as the burial place of Prophet Elias.. Muslims describe St George as a holy figure in their religious books.

St George's cross was adopted by the Crusaders in the 11th century. They did it for selfish reasons, so that their ships would NOT be attacked in the Mediterranean by Italian Portuguese and Spanish ship, who considered St George as their patron saint.  Today England's white flag with the red cross is same.

So what is the legend of horse rider slaying the dragon?  This coloured statue is there covered by glass next to the black stone at Calicut Kurishupalli, probably to avoid getting blackened by hundreds of candle flame soot.  People touch the black stone and pray however. 

During exam time this Kurishupalli shrine is chock-a-block with students who come to light candles. Rather it becomes difficult to even drive past.



A dragon ( probably a huge crocodile ) makes its nest at the spring that provides drinking water for the city of “Silene” or the city of Lydda. Consequently, the citizens have to dislodge the dragon from its nest for a time, to collect water.


To do so, each day they offer the dragon at first a sheep, and if no sheep can be found, then a maiden must go instead of the sheep. The victim is chosen by drawing lots. One day, this happens to be the princess. The monarch begs for her life to be spared, but to no avail.


She is offered to the dragon, but there appears Saint George on his travels. He faces the dragon, protects himself with the sign of the cross, slays the dragon, and rescues the princess.


The grateful citizens abandon their ancestral paganism and convert to Christianity.




In the allegorical reading, the dragon embodies a suppressed PAGAN cult ( read as Vedic Hindu ) . 




Whenever you see "PAGAN " written by a white man , read that as "Vedic Hindu".
What is the " historical story "?



Saint George was born to a Christian noble family in Lydda, Palestine during the late third century between about 275 AD and 285 AD.   Our man George decided to go to Nicomedia, the imperial city of that time, and present himself to Emperor Diocletian to apply for a career as a soldier. 

Diocletian welcomed him with open arms, as he had known his father, Gerontius — one of his finest soldiers. By his late 20s, George was prematurely promoted to the rank of Tribunus and stationed as an imperial guard of the Emperor at Nicomedia.

In the year AD 302, Diocletian (influenced by Galerius) issued an edict that every Christian soldier in the army should be arrested and every other soldier should offer a sacrifice to the Pagan gods. But George objected and with the courage of his faith approached the Emperor and ruler. 

Diocletian was upset, not wanting to lose his best Tribune and the son of his best official, Gerontius. George loudly renounced the Emperor’s edict, and in front of his fellow soldiers and Tribunes he claimed himself to be a Christian and declared his worship of Jesus Christ. 

Diocletian was left with no choice but to have him executed for his refusal, when George jumped the gun and tore up the Emperor's order, in front of all. The Emperor's hands were tied now. . Before the execution George gave his wealth to the poor and prepared himself.  

After various torture sessions, including laceration on a wheel of swords in which he was resuscitated three times, George was dragged by a horse executed by decapitation before Nicomedia’s city wall, on April 23, 303. 


A witness of his suffering convinced Diocletan's wife Empress Alexandra and Athanasius, a pagan priest, to become Christians as well, and so they joined George in martyrdom. 

His body was returned to Lydda for burial, where Christians soon came to honour him as a martyr.

Moscow has plenty of sculptures of St George.  



Georgia, has 365 churches in St George's honour. 



American scouts have St George as their patron saint.

Praying at St George's is considered good for people suffering from skin diseases.

In 1940 King George VI of England , inaugurated the George Cross for 'acts of the greatest heroism or of the most conspicuous courage in circumstances of extreme danger'. 



The award is usually awarded to civilians. Saint George slaying the dragon is depicted on the silver cross.  

His memorial is celebrated on 23 April, and he is regarded as “  national day “ in England.

St George is buried in a tomb at Lod in Israel.



Here is a picture of me and my Chief engineer at Diocletan's palace. 



I have visited Bethlehem and Jerusalem too, while my Chemical tanker used to go to Haifa and Ashdod.

The local lore says that the Calicut Kurishipalli black stone is chiselled out of a large Shiva Lingam from a "pagan"  temple, at the same place, 600 years ago.

Grace and peace!
*******************************************************************************
SECRET EXCAVATIONS AT JERUSALEM BY TEMPLAR KNIGHTS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THE CRUSADES --  PLUNDER AND SLAUGHTER AT JERUSALEM ( FIRST CRUSADE ) AND CONSTANTINOPLE ( FOURTH CRUSADE ) --  PETER THE HERMIT --  SALADIN - PARASMANI --  SHIVA LINGAM BLACK STONE -- SWASTIKA AND STAR OF DAVID SIGNS-- POPE URBAN 2 -  DEUS LO VOLT--  NEWTON THE THIEF , PHILOSOPHERS STONE FOUND IN SOLOMON'S TEMPLE --ROSSLYN CHURCH SECRETS



In 1088, Pope Urban 2 had a problem. The Eastern orthodox church who did NOT recognise the Pope was getting too powerful. 


More Christians were joining the rival camp, where all Bishops held equal power, and people were NOT willing to accept a middleman or broker between themselves , and their God Jesus Christ.


Though the Pope was powerful enough to even ex-communicate a King, the Kings did NOT care. For the Pope did NOT have economical and military might.


So he hatched a multi-pronged conspiracy, by using a  half mad unkempt monk from Amiens , by the name of Peter the Hermit.


This intense personality always dressed up in rags and walked barefooted, even in the cold, and was an enigma. He send him to Jerusalem and then called him back , to make a couple of shocking announcements.


Peter the Hermit , the perfect rabble rouser , went around riding a donkey, and told the people that the Muslim Religion was posing a threat to the Christians, and gave bullshit about Christians getting massacred and tortured in Jerusalem, while actually all religions were co-existing peacefully there.


He declared that he had seen the Holy Grail, which contained Jesus’s blood, (collected at the crucifixion by Joseph of Arimathea)  and also the wooden cross on which Jesus was crucified—whipping up passion that it must be retrieved from Muslim ruled Jerusalem –and God had willed it in a meeting with him. He crossed the Alps and whipped up passions in other European countries too.


Peter the Hermit, evoked the Pope’s commitment by stating that there was a PARASMANI or philosophers stone ( transmutation to gold ) in the underground vaults of Old Solomon’s temple. 




The Pope knew that this is the holy Grail.  He said that the patriarch of Jerusalem had seen it. This was originally a Shiva temple holding a powerful black meteorite stone constructed during the reign of Indian Aryan Vedic Emperor Vikramaditya in 7000 BC.


This black stone ( Shiva Lingam ) of  Jerusalem was  more powerful than the broken up black stone inset at the SE corner of the Kaaba Mecca. A piece of it is still in the Dome of the rock at Jerusalem , concealed—to prevent theft.  


In the 10th century the powerful ( on Chakras ) Mecca Shiva lingam was broken by invaders , and now it is pieced together in a silver envelope, with the biggest part peeping ( 7 inches long and 4 inches wide ) protruding out. 



Let me digress--

The Parasmani lore is part of Vedic written stories for children, and is part of the Panchatantra stories written 5000 years ago in Sanskrit.  Punch into google search SUPERPANCHATANTRA VADAKAYIL to read about this 3000 story collection.

You may get the feeling that this quantum energy transmutation stuff is bullshit. But then 200 years ago all modern electricity/ electronics was bullshit too right?  
Even today without a powerful channeling stone, you can still have this transmutation technology by using a Tesla coil and a Van de Graff generator. Using radiowave interference of low energy input, but at exceedingly high voltages, you can  fracture metals with resonance tunneling vibration and cold fuse metals in a friendly manner. Because NO heat will be generated, and this goes against classical Thermodynamics physics laws.  Dimitry Mendeleyeev based his periodic table on Sanskrit sound alphabets.

Things here happen faster than light using Scalar forces which have only magnitude, no direction.  You don’t need a particle accelerator and atom smasher, to defeat Vander Waals forces.

By the way, PARASMANI is useless in the hands of a man without superior consciousness , 12 strand DNA and a king sized resonating pineal gland. Like a radio is of NO use in the hands of a man who cannot tune it.



The Parasmani is subverted in Indiana Jones, Raiders of the lost arc, and Harry Potter ( philosophers stone )  movie, to suit the director's imagination.

Isaac Newton got his entire Calculus ready made by East India company ( Dutch wing ) who stole it from Calicut Zamorin in 1602.  Newton just translated it from Sanskrit to English by using a translator mathematician . 




Newton also had the same Vedic Parasmani ( Philosophers transmutation stone ) texts the Templars excavated from the basement of Solomon's temple. The Calicut palm sheafs , were handed over to him at England .



In his excitement of doing the occult he lit candles all over -- Druid style-- and his dog upset the candle and set the precious papers on fire.



Still Newton went ahead and wrote his own bullshit take from what little he undertood. He is NOT destined for glory, as his horsocope tells --it will be a dog's end.



Pope could NOT carry out the crusades and grab unlimited 3 pronged power ( spiritual/ military/ financial ) unless the Kings of England, France , Germany, Italy , and Spain played ball—and provided the money power and the man power.


So he brainwashed them into considering , about how to get out of the Dark ages for ever. 

He told the French king about controlling the spice routes to Constantinope. Constantinope was the outlet hub port for spices from Calicut , Kerala , India .  

How right he was-- todays Black Nobility are the families who made a fantastic fortune out of spice trade from my hometown Calicut via Constantinope and Jerusalem..


The spices were exported from Calicut by ship, and it was offloaded at Aden Yemen and Salalah Oman. From there it went by caravan route via Mecca ( an important watering hole with a powerful Shiva temple ) to Jerusalem/ Constantinople. Constantinople got caravan feed from Calicut- Basra trade too. From Constantinople the spices went to Europe by ships.  


In those days Constantinope was under the Byzantine Eastern orthodox church. They did NOT recognise the Pope.  Jerusalem was under the Muslim rule. Both places prospered under the spice trade. King Solomon used his own ships to trade with Calicut and his ships went straight from Calicut to Aqaba. Solomon’s palace staircase was made of Sandalwood and teak—available only from Calicut port.  




But the Arabs had the lions share of the trade , as they had been middlemen right from the days of Pharoah, who wanted Cinnamon and Aloe Vera for making Frankincense . 





Calicut sailors had planted Aloe Vera at Socotra on request from Pharoah, who sent his needs by swift carrier pigeons and hawks. 



In the metal statue of IMOTHEP above , you can see the U mark etched deeply on the arm.   Below is Lord Ayyapa ( avatar of Vishnu ) with U mark on forehead.



Pharoahs architects were Vishnu maharshis ( Vaishnavites )  , highly evolved seers with 12 strand DNA  from Calicut. This tradition of sending hawks from Jerusalem was started by Emperor Vikramaditya and his hawks had the royal Swastika symbol attached to their legs.



Calicut kings had the Dravidian emblem of the six pointed star, symbolizing Anahata Chakra ,  on the legs of their hawks.  The six point star below is from a 7000 year old dravidian temple.


So today if Swastika signs were found in far off places like Troy and Cyprus , lost pigeons are the reason. Cyprus was under the rule of Vikramaditya too, and had several Shiva temples ( read as PAGAN temples ) with the black meteorite Shiva Lingam stone. Whenever the Jews talked about PAGAN temples, read as Vedic Hindu temples.  Hinduism is 11000 years old— 7000 years older than the second oldest Buddhism / Jainism.  Jewish ,Christianity , Islam are all recent religions. 

Below:  6000 year old Lord Rama and Hanuman carvings in Silemania,  Iraq.






Hilter tried to grab Swastika sign for himself, NOT knowing that Shiva’s son Ganesha has it inscribed on his palm—and Harappa excavations of 4000 BC revealed Ganesha tablets in Swastika inset. And Ganesha is NOT blue eyed or blonde, rather he is half elephant.


So the European kings were very much impressed by a plan to usurp Constantinople and Jerusalem in one shot. All are happy. People get their holy grail, Kings gets their moolah and Pope grabs his 3 pronged supreme power.  

But this dirty plan killed more Christians than Muslims on the final count after 9 crusades. Jerusalem was usurped in the FIRST CRUSADE. The Crusaders killed only the Jews and Muslims. 

The FOURTH CRUSADE killed Eastern orthodox Christians in Constantinople , who had a common god with the crusaders—but only difference was they did NOT care for a middleman with a hotline to God the evil Pope.


Pope Gregory IX ( 1062-1070 AD) authorized the Inquisition, including burning at the stake. This evil inquisition interrogated, accused, confiscated property, imprisoned, tortured, and murdered thousands of people through hundreds of years

Now let me talk about the nine crusades in greater detail.

FIRST CRUSADE ( 1097 TO 1099 ) CALLED BY POPE  URBAN 2-


Peter the Hermit went around the country side having his own passionate meetings, where he told the naïve people that  God has requested him to ensure that the Muslims in Jerusalem are driven out.  He produced a letter written by God and delivered to him personally by Jesus—this fancy letter was cooked up by Pope Urban 2.


Pope Urban 2 held his own meeting in Clermont, attended by more than 200 bishops on 27th Nov 1095. He said that it was God’s will that Christians should go to Jerusalem and fight. All those who fought and killed Muslims in Jerusalem would be assured a place in heaven . God had even willed robbers and criminals to fight the Holy war or Crusade at Jerusalem, for which their past sins would be forgiven. 

So the first to jump into the fray were the thieves and criminals. They found a golden opportunity to rape and plunder at will, sanctioned by God. Pope Urban 2 shouted again and again “ DEUS LO VOLT!!” –God wills it—and whipped up a frenzy,  never seen before. God would be their guide and they would set off by summer.


A great army of 110000 , mainly French peasants set of on 15th Aug 1096,  screaming “Deus Lo Volt!” .  A lot of the army saw this as their only way to heaven. All of them wore on their right shoulder an emblem of the cross. Nobles in England, Italy and France send their knights and their money to finance the crusade.  


There were more than 10000 knights. Godfroi de Bouillon was the military leader and Peter the Hermit was the spiritual leader. Godfroi was promised to be crowned the King of Jerusalem, so he renounced his fiefs and sold everything back home and set out.  He did NOT intend to return back. For food this army stole and pillaged on the way. On the way to Jerusalem Peter the hermit stayed back to scout around ( probably for weapons of mass destruction and for painting future target ) at Constantinope .


Jews and Muslims fought together to defend Jerusalem against this Christian army. This something like Saddam and USA fighting together against the Iranians or Osama bin Laden and Bush fighting together against Russians.


Jerusalem fell on July 15th 1099  . . By this time only 50000 of the army remained, due to an engagement with Turks and the siege at Antioch. .


For some unknown reason they disemboweled EVERY SINGLE Muslim—men, women and children , 72000 of them. The blood was knee deep, inside King Solomons temple.


Even today uttering the word crusade is a whiplash for every Muslim. Such cruel barbarism has never ever been witnessed by this planet again. This crusade united the Sunni and Shia factions of Muslim religion.


Later Saladin a Shia Kurd would lead a mixed Sunni Shia army and take back Jerusalem. The crusaders cross adopted by the Red Cross in unacceptable to a Muslim in these modern times. The crusades are a classic example what evil organized religion can do.

By 1143, the Templars had become the exclusive military arm of the Papacy, and remained a powerful force in Outremer even after the fall of Jerusalem to Saladin in 1187.


 In 1118 AD a strange thing happened. Nine new Knights arrived in Jerusalem. These Knights, were unlike the others and it was clear that they not interested in wealth. 


They had a sense of purpose and chose to live in an old set of stables, which had once belonged to King Herod from Roman times. These nine Knights were led by Hugues de Payen, a French and Scottish mix . 


These stables were adjoining the ruins of  old Jewish Temple of Jerusalem, which had been destroyed by the Romans in about 300 AD.


These 9 were the original knights of the Templar. They dug tunnels round the clock for 8 dang years , and did NOT allow anybody else to come near them.



It is reputed that they found ancient Vedic scrolls in Sanskrit giving them secrets of alchemy and MUDRA- from the days of Emperor Vikramaditya.  

It is also reputed that they found the Holy Grail which is nothing but a jar of Soma ( the super LSD ) , which resonated their DNA with their Pineal glands, to widen their perception. They also found a powerful SOLID MERCURY SHIVA LINGAM ( Parad )



They also found a black Shiva Lingam ( meteorite stone ) which was called the Stone of Scone .

In 1296 the original black Shiva lingam stone was captured by Edward I as spoils of war and taken to Westminster Abbey, where it was fitted into a wooden chair, known as King Edward's Chair, on which almost all English sovereigns have been crowned.

Over the years the original black stone has disappeared and a duplicate red sand stone put in its place. The stone of Scone is none other than the Shiva Lingam black meteorite stone used by Jacob as a pillow.

The Stone,  was mentioned in Macbeth: "... [we shall travel to be] crowned at Scone ..”

The duplicate Stone of Scone was last used in 1953 for the coronation of Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom. The original is in the vaults of Rothschild.

King Robert the Bruce, the hero of Scotland who led  Scotland during the Wars of Scottish Independence against England. Was crowned while sitting on the original black shiva lingam or stone of scone.

On Christmas Day 1950, a group of four Scottish students (Ian Hamilton, Gavin Vernon, Kay Matheson, and Alan Stuart) tried to steal this duplicate stone of Scone from Westminster Abbey for return to Scotland. In the process of removing it from the Abbey the duplicate red stone stone broke into two pieces.

The original black meteorite Stone of Scone ( from a Kerala Shiva temple in India ) has become a Holy Grail in its own right.   

Men and women have fought to possess it or to obscure it from those unworthy to lay claim to the Stone.





By 1127, the nine original Knights Templar completed their tunnel digging and their leader, Hugues de Payens, went to France and Scotland . He then  returning to Jerusalem in 1128 with 300 new Knights.



By the end of the 12th Century, the Knights Templar were the single richest organization in Christendom -- wealthier  than any King or country and wealthier than the Pope and Catholic Church itself. Almost 40% of the land in Spain was under Templar ownership; while in France and England, Templars owned about 25%. During this time, members of the Knights Templar and their relatives were had become related to the leading political and powerful figures of their time.


The Pope and his Christians continued to use the animosity between the Sunni and Shiite Muslims, playing one against the other as their main defense, till a great Kurd Muslim leader Saladin saw though this and united the two sects.


In the THIRD CRUSADE , in a fateful battle on July 4th, 1187 on a plateau between two hills called the Horns of Hattin, Saladin's armies defeated the major Christian force defending Jerusalem. Saladin ransomed all of the surviving nobles, except the surviving Knights Templar  who were lined up and, at Saladin's command, had their heads chopped off.


Saladin had  successfully re-captured Jerusalem for the Muslims . . Unlike the genocide of the Crusaders a hundred years earlier, there were no scenes of mindless blood letting  and slaughter after the European surrender. There was no looting and stealing either. Saladin allowed Richard to take home the relics from the Church of the Sepulchre.


The captives were permitted to ransom themselves, and those who could afford to do so ransomed their vassals as well. Many thousands could not afford their ransom, and were held to be sold as slaves. The military monks, who could have used their vast wealth to save their fellow Christians from slavery, declined to do so. 



As the unransomed prisoners were lead off to a life of slavery,  Saladin's brother Malik al-Adil suddenly took pity and asked his brother for a thousand of them as a reward for his services, and when he was granted them he immediately gave them their liberty.


The Templars used their ill gotten money and constructed more than 300 large cathedrals and 2,000 abbeys and smaller churches.  Some of them are  the cathedrals of Notre Dame in Paris (1163), Chartres (1194), Reims (1211) and Amiens (1221) and the famous Temple Church in London.


By 1272 there were 9 crusades.


Very soon by 1285, the King of France Philip 4, a young boy of 18, said “ enough is enough” and would cut the economic and military strength from beneath the Pope -- and his military wing , the Templars were burnt at the stake and disbanded. 

The templars has abandoned their Christian faith , became vegetarians, and were worshipping a black Meteorite stone and a solid mercury Shiva Lingam , as big as the one in Mecca (Shiva Lingam)  the original nine knights retrieved from under Solomon's temple while digging.  And they were quite open about using the Mudra signs as per the scrolls they unearthed, to speed up their Chakras. 

 

The Pope could NOT tolerate that they were worshipping Vishnu avatar Narasmimhan, half lion half man .






Narasimhan's face above in Rosslyn chapel in Scotland.

The palm leaf sheafs, gave information about the dusky long haired woman by the name of Bathsheba ( King David's mistress and King Solomon's mother  who came by ship as the attractive wife of David's soldier ) , and this was used by King Philip to reign in the Vatican and Jews. The Pope stood to lose his kingdom , and the Jews their Hero. 

Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene were vegetarians.  Jesus Christ was in Kerala as a disciple of the Maharishis for 3 years, learning meditation and healing before he burst upon the scene suddenly.. They did NOT eat fish too.

This could NOT be made public, so the reason given for torturing and burning the knights was a ridiculous sodomy and witchcraft.  Some of the Templars escaped with their loot and set up shop, which is the current secret Swiss banking system. 

A lot of people in Scotland make tourism moolah by stating that the 9 original templar knights were funded from Scotland , and that the Rosslyn church holds the key to the Templar secrets unearthed by excavation.  The pillar shows the Kundalini ascent. 

It also represents ADITI the mother of mis-shapen son Marthanda ( from which binary star the black Shiva Lingam stones rain on earth ) 







The Rossyln church clearly says that the secrets are from India--  as a whole section of the wall shows Indian Maize or Corn ( which did NOT exist in that entire part of the world in 1440 AD ).





Indian Gods hold corn and pomegranate ( to show sacred Golden ratio )-- as seen in a picture of Vishnu below.



Rosslyn Chapel did NOT look like a Christian place of worship, did Vatican did some secret modifications, and installed a statue of Mary holding jesus and stained glass windows.  Even now there is NO altar of bapistery-- just a wooden table.( the Free Mason's objected ) 

The Shiva Lingam black stone  snatched from the Templars lies in the Valican vaults.  We in Calicut know that the temple of Solomon was a Shiva temple, as was Mecca ( called PAGAN temples by the west )  . 



Another smaller black stone lies in the Dome of the Rock-Jerusalem. These black stones have metaphysical powers to upgrade your 2 strand junk DNA and raise your Kundalini. 



Once you experience the truth and bliss attached to ascended Kundalini, you dont care for any Pope of middle-man.. Freemason Edward Bulwer Lytton, who wrote the "Treaty of Nanking" ceding HongKong and 15 million pounds in silver from China to Britain - wrote about Vril ( serpent power ), making the term "of reptilian bloodline" synonymous with Templar knights.  Well Kundalini is nothing but ascended " serpent power "-- this is why Lord Shiva has a cobra on his shoulders.

 

With a raised Kundalini you are in a fractal world. Your mind becomes fractal. You see colours, sounds ,as fractals. Your feelings are fractals.  You see complex mathematics as fractals. At this time you have no need for super LSD Soma or the Pope or wine or women.  You dont care while you are in a world of bliss. See the video above. The ancient 12 strand DNA vedic Maharishis had beautiful fractal minds.

Isaac Newton wrote many books on the Philosophers stone of Solomon's temple and Golden ratio, (which was lifted by Italian Fibonacci from Vedic maths translated into Arabic) -- while he was at Bejaya Algeria. .  


Nobody bothers to find out how Englishman Newton got such spontaneous knowledge about Parasmani and divine geometry. 

In the internet age it is well known that Newton stole his entire Calculus  100% from the Kerala School of Calculus.  


He just translated it from Sanskrit to English, without elementary understanding.  Punch into google search, ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF-VADAKAYIL




The last crusade was during the second world war, called by Pope Pacelli Pius 12.   More people ( Serbs ) were killed by these crusaders than by Hitler --   Shocked? --   punch into google search THE LAST CRUSADER THE LAST INQUISITION- VADAKAYIL.   This was a well kept dark secret till the internet Google era.



The templar’s wealth and the secrets they sold are still around—hush hush.

That would be another juicy blog!—right?

TIMELINES:--

During the reign of King Vikramaditya in 7000 BC, the people of Kerala called Thirayyar ( sea warriors ) did trade with the Island of Crete.  There was a great tectonic shift and volcanic activity in 5000 BC ,  and then trade was abandoned.  Some settled down in Judea, as Jerusalem was a trade hub. They lived on the seaward side of Western Ghats of Kerala .Today these people are called Thiyyas in Kerala, with a matrilineal society which rest of India did NOT have..
Jerusalem’s Calicut ( Kerala / India ) connection is as follows ( Ask any Jew in Israel and they will vouch that the only place in the world they have not been persecuted over the centuries is only in Kerala India , due to the special Bathsheba, Queen Sheba, Mary Magdalene blood connection ) :--

3900 BC-Cinnamon trade with Pharoah of Egypt and Maharshi and Vaishnavite seer Imhotep travelled from Calicut to Cairo to create the Sphinx, and treat the Egyptian queen.
3000 BC- Phoenicians traded with Calicut for Sandalwood and ship building teak.
965 BC-  King Solomon’s (whose mother was a dusky long haired beauty from Calicut, Bathsheba ), traded with Kerala and kept Hindu Vedic texts under his temple in vaults—later retrieved by Templar Knights.  His mistress Sheba travels from Calicut and gives Solomon presents of Peacocks, Cinnamon, Aloe Vera , ivory, diamonds and Sandalwood.
721 BC- Assyrian invasion of Jerusalem, Jews came to Caliut for refuge.
587 BC- Nebuchadnazzer destroyed King Solomon’s temple after a two year siege, and hundreds of Jews landed up for refuge.
Jesus Christ came to Calicut to learn meditation, astrology, dowsing and healing from Kerala Maharshis. After 3 years he visits the Egyptian pyramids with Mary Magdalene and suddenly busts upon the scene at Jerusalem
52 AD- Favourite disciple of Jesus St Thomas landed at Calicut ( he died in Kerala )
72 AD- Roman emperor Titus persecuted Jews and 10000 Jews landed at Calicut.
135 AD- Bar Kokhba killed by Roman emperor Hadrian and hundreds of Jews landed at Calicut , to avoid extermination 

Calicut king resettled all Jews in at Mattancherry, Cochin.643 AD- Favourite disciple of Mohammed the prophet, Malik Ibn Dinar landed at Calicut . King Cheraman Perumal , of Calicut had given permission to build mosques in Kerala after meeting Mohammed personally at Mecca Kaaba.  King Cheraman Peruman died at Salalah before boarding ship back to Calicut .  Malik visits the tomb of the king at Salalah , known as Tajiddin Hazrat Syedina dargah.
Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (727 BC to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India.  

The disciple of Plato Aristotle did NOT come to India , but he had very clearly written that Jews originated from Kerala in India.  Aristotle wrote that Jews came from KALANI in India.  He has written that Kalani was famous for their raised Kundalini sages ( maharishis ).  These are the same sages who built the Egyptian pyramids.

Alexander the great went back from India via Socotra by ship, to get some life saving Aloe Vera which was a spice trade outpost of Calicut King,  like Mecca and Salalah .

This is the reason why King David took a wife from Kerala named Bath Sheba. King Solomon took a wife from Kerala named whom all call Queen Sheba.  

Jesus Christ took a wife from Kerala named Mary Magdalene.  All know that Jesus Christ suddenly sprung up at Jerusalem from nowhere.  He was in Kerala India, learning healing, meditation, science, philosophy etc.


TOLERANCE:   The Templar knights got converted to Hinduism ( PAGAN religion ) after laying their hands on the concealed Hindu literature in Malayalam and Sanskrit, from the underground vaults  of King Solomon’s temple. They went into the Ahimsa mode ( non-violent ) . There is NO other explanation that hundreds of these ruthless marauding and seasoned knights allowed themselves to be tortured and burnt at the stake.

Jews have never been persecuted in Kerala over the millenniums. Hebrew religion and Hinduism co-existed, only because Hindus are tolerant . They absorbed the  inherent greed and clannishness of a quintessential Jew , without retaliation or retribution. While the rest of the world targeted the Jews throughout the ages.

Any body interested in knowing what MOUNT MERU is must watch this 49 minute video given below.  Meru exists in Indian temples, Rossyln Chapel, and the great Egyprian pyramids. Be aware that the Sanskrit  tests of Bhagavatam were written in 5000 BC--much before the pyramidswas built, or the planet started speaking anything other than grunt, grunt.
Below Rossylyn church Mount Meru--


Below Pyramids of Egypt--King's chamber.


Below Indian temple Meru


In the video below mount Meru is used to churn the ocean-- the 7000 year old Vedic precession is still NOT understood by 21st century scientists.


The King's chamber of the Great pyramid at Giza Egypt , is a representation of etherical abode of Lord Shiva , the Mount Meru of Vedic Hindu Mythology. Mount Meru extends from earth into space to a height of 85 times earth's diameter. Lord Shiva is the destroyer god of the Trinity of Tamas Rajas Satwa ( yin-yang ) or creator/ preserver/ destroyer, represented by Shiva's trident. Meru was used to churn the oceans , Sagar Manthan for divine nectar.



 

Judaism was created by Namboodiris from Kerala, India .   No wonder the Talmud has racism inherent in it.  King David’s wife ( and Solomon’s mother ) was from Kerala.  

David first fell in love with her when she was taking an open bath ( a married woman Bath Sheba ) , as is custom in Kerala.  

Aristotle had written that Jews are from the Land of Kalari.  King Solomon imported sandalwood to make his palace staircase and teak for his ships from Calicut.

In 721 BC during the Assyrian invasion of Jerusalem, Jews came to Calicut for refuge.

In 587 BC when Nebuchadnazzer destroyed King Solomon’s temple after a two year siege, and hundreds of Jews landed up for refuge.

 In 72 AD ,when  Roman emperor Titus persecuted Jews and 10000 Jews landed at Calicut.

In 135 AD- Bar Kokhba killed by Roman emperor Hadrian and hundreds of Jews landed at Calicut, to avoid extermination.  The Calicut king resettled all Jews in at Mattancherry, Cochin—when the Catholic Portuguese destroyed their Synagogue at Kodungallur..

Jesus Christ came to Kerala to study healing, astronomy, and to raise his Kundalini.   He took a wife with him from Kerala known as Mary Magdalene.   Plato , Pythogaras and Ptolemy were students in Kerala , India.   

Aryabhatta 2700 BC,  ( Aryan Bhattathirippad ) is the father of Mathematics and he started the Kerala School of Math. Jesus sent his most intelligent disciple Thomas back to Kerala in 52 AD to set up the second church on the planet at Kodungallur— the cultural centre of the Calicut king.

I am from Calicut, Kerala , India. 

The first church was at Vatican where a Shiva temple existed.  The Shiva Lingam black meteorite stone is in the vaults of St Peter’s Cathedral.   Jesus sent Peter to Vatican.


Here is the video, some amount of IQ and perception is required to understand the 7000 year old Vedic Indian Bhagawatam Purana.
 
Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older. Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for Guru Brihaspati. .  Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan war where Helen was stolen.
Several people came to India to get a cure for epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights. 

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician. 

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract. 

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang thing--
- but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1 mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before  Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the same thing via advanced Calculus. 

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years before Pythagoras  was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .  And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh  Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below. 

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. 

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge .

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.
So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff. 

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) . 

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale.
The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the west.  

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics ( magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.    

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus, however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever. 

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death.
Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search-
MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the 5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation known to me.” 
  
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just for kicks.  

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger .  Such jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan ( Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. ( AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of devotees. 

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas), however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara, ‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’). 

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit, bhakti, ‘devotion’).  And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter ( heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew. 

 Bartholomew is one of the 12 disciples of Jesus and ismentioned in three Synoptic gospels: Matthew,[10:1–4] Mark,[3:13–19] and Luke,[6:12–16] and also appears as one of the witnesses of the Ascension[Acts 1:4,12,13]; however, each time he is named in the company of Philip.  He is not mentioned in Gospel of John.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.  Kosmas was the author of a stolen world-geography and a book on stolen Kerala astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of consciousness, and there also sight is created from 
understanding.  For there understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from visible light.”

Consciousness ? 

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history—


The word 'Vatican' itself is derived from the Sanskrit word Vatika, which means Vedic  religious centers, such as Yagna-Vatika.   Vatican St Peter’s cathedral was built on top of a Shiva temple. 

The world  "Christianity" came from the Sanskrit words "Krishna-neeti", (the way of Krishna). 


Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..

 
Check out the video above--the Pineal Gland of this planet is Mount Kailash-- the abode of Lord Shiva.  Nobody dares climb this mountain.
*******************************************************************************
IMHOTEP, THE PATRON SAINT OF THE FREEMASONS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
IMHOTEP— MENTOR, DOCTOR, ARCHITECT, HIGH PRIEST OF PHARAOH---  UNKNOWN LIFE OF LORD AYYAPPA OF SABARIMALA-- NARASIMHA AVATAR AND EDGAR CAYCE-- SPHINX ON SINKHOLE 3900 BC - THE FIRST MAN OF EGYPT-- A VEDIC HINDU MAHARSHI  WHO BECAME A EGYPTIAN GOD--  BHRIGU MAHARSHI CLAN-- ROSSLYN CHURCH SECRETS--EGYPTIAN ANKH SYMBOL- 





The Freemasons fudged and rewrote the history of the whole world—but they do NOT know their own history.




This post will come as  a great shocker to half this planet.


Opium drug cartel Rothschild owned East India Company employee German Jew Max Mueller was under instruction by the Vatican to subvert the ancient Vedic civilization. 



The pope was very worried about the base of the Bible getting eroded—that the big bang happened at 9 AM , on 23rd Oct 4004 BC ( actually it happened 14.1 billion years ago ) 




--and the Noah’s arc incident happened in 2500 BC ( while actually life came to earth 4 billion years ago ).


One billion is one million –million. It is a great span of time.

Vatican’s primary effort was to put all events before 4000 BC, into a later time scale.  For this purpose the Pope used the East India Company , who was owned by the wealthy opium running Rothschild.  The first effort was to shove the Rig Veda written in Sanskrit in 5000 BC-- 2500 years behind.  Then to declare all Vedic Hindu temples in the West as PAGAN. To the east till Vietnam they left them as Hindu temples. 

They have been quite successful , but they could never imagine that in the 1960s’ white skinned hippies would come walking all the way to India –get the free spirit programmed into their DNA and start the Internet and the information superhighway, and cut the strength of Big Brother Free Masons ( with their peer reviewed media ) from underneath.

In Kerala we have the annual Sabarimala pilgrimage. The diety Lord Ayyappa lived in 3900 BC.  One fine day he just disappeared forever . His  statue was installed in Sabarimala hill shrine by the Kerala Maharishi Lord Parashurama ( an avatar of Vishnu ) himself who name is all over our great epic wars which happened prior to 4000 BC.  Yet Max Mueller and party has cooked up bull about Lord Ayyappa having imaginary conversations with Muslims and Christians. And Ayyappa was shoved back in the history time scale by 5600 years.


The Brighu Rishi clan were Maharshis with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands. Brighu Rishi lived on the banks of the Saraswati in 4400 BC.  Some of his descendants staring off with Lord Parashurama came to Kerala , when Saraswati river dried up, in 4000 BC after a tectonic shift . These Maharishis with ( golden halos which did NOT need a Kirlean camera to detect ) ,  could do magic which you and me with 2 strand DNA (out of which 96% is junk ) cannot do. They could produce matter from energy, or energy from matter, just by resonating their pineal gland. These Vedic Maharshis were great seers , who lived more than 200 years in good health. Last year when I went to visit my 96 year old grand uncle in Kannur I found him shoveling soil in the back yard furiously with a big shovel ( in this age of pollution ) .

Now I can feel some of you are sceptic already. Just be informed that Sabarimala temple draws maximum number of pilgrims on this planet.  No Vatican and Freemason controlled press likes to record this truth.  

Now let me digress—

In 3900 BC, the Pharoah of Egypt sent a message by his carrier hawk to the Maharishis in Kerala. He wanted a Maharishi to go to Cairo immediately to solve a frightening problems. Sinkholes were opening up, the underground Nile had diverted its course and lush greenery was drying up.





To add to his woes , his pregnant wife was NOT keeping good health, and would be without a heir.

Now you may wonder why Kerala? Kerala was the only place on this planet which had the vast variety of herbs and plants . Ayurveda depended on Kerala for its botanical quantum medicines. 


Kerala also had the biggest multitude of wild life in the form of birds (  peacock, parrots etc ) and animals ( tiger , rhino etc ) on this planet.  Most of these medicines were created by just observing the practices of wild life. When a wild animal or bird has a problem , it would prefer to eat some plant or mineral in a strange manner without eating anything else, till it is cured. Darwin and his monkey gang will never understand this DNA program stuff.
 

Why Maharshis. The river Saraswati dried up completely in 4000 BC. It started showing non-perennial signs about 400 years before after a tectonic shift. At that time there was mass migration from the banks of Saraswati river . These long living people with superior DNA and bearing the powerful symbol of swastika went all over . There was nothing strange in that as King Vikramaditya whose royal seal was Swastika ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam in 7000 BC.



 The Pharoahs themselves were of mixed blood. The Maharishis who came south to Kerala used the symbol of 6 pointed star of Anahata Chakra.


It is speculated that Lord Ayyappa who just disappeared into thin air, was another avatar of Vishnu. Lord Ayyappa had the U symbol on his forehead and he would ride tigers. U symbol is associated with Lord Vishnu .


IMOTHEP, which the whole world talks about , and tries to claim for themselves is none other than Lord Ayyappa.   Imothep was dark skinned, he always wore the U symbol on his arms and forehead, and had the white POONULU string on his left shoulder.


Now check out the picture of the man on the tiger with the white poonulu and U mark .






Bhrigu Rishi wrote the Samhita Shastra. 


These astronomical and astrological works have held water over the ages. The Sri Yantra divine geometry contains the angle of the Pyramids and the golden ratio of 1.618.. Fibonacci was an Italian who stole his series from Arabic translations of Vedic mathematics, from Bejaya, and patented it in his own name , on encouragement from Vatican. 

Newton who had no brains , stole his entire Calculus from Kerala school of Calculus. His classical physics too is stolen, but this thief cum moron filtered and threw away the quantum part of this complete Vedic science where the human mind and DNA is factored in.  Newton had no idea that the 12 strand DNA Vedic maharishis had FRACTAL minds , and they see numerical problems as geometrical diagrams.

We in Kerala were naïve enough to show our ancient texts held at the temples of Pampa and Thirunavazha. If you get a chance go and see the temple at Thrirunavazha on the banks of river Bharatapuzha . The ancient banyan tree there bears mute witness to what Muslim invader Tipu Sultan and the white Christians did . Probably someone should carbon date that tree.  

Getting back -Bhrigu Rishi compiled of predictive Astrology in Sanskrit i.e. the Fifth Veda of Treta Yug or beginning of Hindu culture and ancient age. (The first four are the Rig, Yajur, Sama and Atharva Veda which are Sruti 's having been heard by the Maharishi's from the mouth of Lord Brahma). Maharishi Bhrigu gave his predictions on different types of Horoscopes compiled by him with the help of Lord Ganesha , who has the Swastika inscribed on his palm , in a lucid manner.   

Horoscopes were based upon the planetary position. Every single Indian Hindu has his horoscope made as soon as he is born. Next time you meet a Hindu anywhere on this planet—ask him if he has he horoscope made.


 If he does NOT he is only a pseudo Hindu, and he has to go for a love marriage –he has no choice.  


Before I married my wife , with whom I had an arranged marriage , my parents matched 78 horoscopes after seeing 123 girls.


All right—let me get back to Imhotep— the Maharishi Ayyappa from ancient Kerala. He has 12 strand DNA, he was a seer, he knew astrology and astronomy, he knew Ayurveda form of medicine.

This Vishnu avatar submitted to Indra , the King of Vedic Gods . RA is lifted out of Indra.

He was a seer and could read akashik record like Edgar Cayce or Nostrodamus , without going into a trance. He was NOT a man but a divine entity.

He would write on palm leave back home and hence would make a similar arrangement with Nile Papyrus. He would catalyse culture and verse poetry in Egypt.


He would introduce Egypt to Mathematics and astronomy and divine Sri Yantra Geometry and the Golden ratio. Every Mantra is based on Fibonacci series, as mantras are meant to resonate the DNA with perfection and purity of utterance for the cymatic effect of water in body..




 He would have been associates with Lakshmi Mata ( Maat , as the Egyptians would call).

He would introduce Pharoah to the Hindu calendar. 


If you go to Korark you will find the Hindu Sun God, rising a Chariot with 12 wheels ( months ) , pulled by 7 horses ( days in week ) . 








Imhotep would be holding the Rudrakha 108 bead mala in his right hand, like a wristwatch. The rosary has the "key to Mount Meru " or the " Key for ascension " attached.  The templar kinghts use the cross as their symbol.



This symbol is called ANKH ( means eye in Sanskrit ) or the third eye of Shiva.  In the above carving in Pyramids, Narasimhan gives the key of Mount Meru to the Imhotep.






A person with ascended Kundalini has his third eye open, and has 12 strand DNA . 





The snake on Shiva's shoulders indicates ascended Kundalini.-- one who has his third eye open.

It is ridiculous that millions of words have been written by thousands of people on the internet--all giving bull.


  
He would be dark skinned, NOT black skinned.


He would introduce CINNAMON embalming. High quality Cinnamon was available those days only in Kerala . Later the Portuguese transplanted it in Sri Lanka ( who had only Cassia ) .

He would make a Egyptian rosary contain 108 beads.  108 Mudras were used by the Maharshis .  It is the 54 triple intersections of Sri Yantra on a Yin-yang scale. 



The Crusade Templar knights drunk with spritual, financial and political clout started using Vedic Mudra signs in public . 

They had excavated this under King Solomon’s temple along with the Statue of Narasimhan ( an avatar of Vishnu ) having a lions face and mans body , and got badly screwed by the Pope. They were burnt alive , the  rest ran away helter skelter with their treasures to Scotland and Switzerland , forming the first Illuminati and Free Masons  . The Pope when pressed hard by the masses , to give an explantion why the Templar knights fell out of favour, just told that they were found worshipping a PAGAN half cat half man  god.

He would use the Bernoullie theorm to use water lifting power to help Egyptians tide over the seven year drought which nearly exterminated the Egyptian race.  

This is very easy when you have an upward surge from the underground Nile which was more powerful than the overland Nile those days.



This theorem is lifted from Yoga. Maharshis used to clear their sinuses first thing in the morning ( for clear thinking ) by mixing some rock salt in luke warm water held in a copper lota and drink it powerfully through their nose. The eject coming out of the mouth sucks out the muck and expels it. ( the eductor principle ). Only an idiot would drink water through the nose without knowing the consequences of capillarity action.

He could interpret dreams and being a seer with 12 strand DNA, he could read aakashik ecords.

He would be a touch healer ( Reiki ). Edgar Cayce has told in his trances , that Jesus was in India to learn healing, meditation and astrology . This reading is still available, and was published by the Freemasons before Vatican could destroy it. .

He would introduce OM or AUM the portal opener to the Pharoah. Edgar Cayce has said that uttering AREE OM  opens up divine portals.  This is nothing by HARI OM.  Hari is the second name of Vishnu. Imhotep will never start doing anything without uttering HARI OM is great reverence. My son goes to Chinmaya Vidyalaya school in Calicut. All students have to wish their teachers by saying Hari Om. 

When parents meets the school’s teachers for Parent teachers meetings they have to greet each other with Namaste and Hari Om. This is one of the reasons I don’t like to go there , as I don’t care to wish people I don’t know with Hari Om.  


OM is the king mantra and has a frequency of 7..83 hertz which is Schumann’s resonance or earth’s heartbeat. Astronauts take a 7.83 hertz field generator in their space crafts or they go crazy.

He would be an expert of surgery being associated with the Dhanwantari system set up by Parashurama, based on the treatises of Maharishis Sustruta and Charaka written in Sanskrit on the banks of the river Saraswati.. The Dhanwantari temple near Guruvayur, where every single Ayurvedic doctor goes to worship, for initiation, after graduating is 6000 years old. 




Susruta Samhita , the world’s first written book on Shalya (surgery)  was written by the son of Maharishi Vishwamitra.


Sir William Osler, whom Freemasons and Rothschild , have promoted as the Father of Modern medicine ( to shove Vedic medicine  into the dustbin ) did NOT have the foggiest of idea that by calling Imhotep the “father of ancient medicine “ he was actually doing Vedic medicine of Susruta and charaka a great service.  


It was he who declared over brandy and cigars , egged on by Vatican—QUOTE Imhotep diagnosed and treated over 200 diseases, 15 diseases of the abdomen, 11 of the bladder, 10 of the rectum, 29 of the eyes, and 18 of the skin, hair, nails and tongue. Imhotep treated tuberculosis, gallstones, appendicitis, gout and arthritis. He also performed surgery and practiced some dentistry. Imhotep extracted medicine from plants. He also knew the position and function of the vital organs and circulation of the blood system UNQUOTE

Sir William Osler – a Free Mason professor from Canada, whose great grandfather worked for Rothschild in the Opium trade to Boston-- , did NOT even bother to ponder if the Nile delta has any of the multitude of botanical herbs and minerals present in Kerala. Or for the matter the miracles which activated charcoal from coconut shell  can do. Kerala has maximum coconut trees per square metre on this planet. Medicines like Aloe Vera ( Sanjeeveni Buti ) , Ashwagandha , Neem and Turmeric extracts , Ionic Silver, came from Kerala to Egypt by carrier hawks and pigeons , who knew how to surf the winds.  



Sir William  did NOT know IMHOTEP is not a name –it is just a title “ A man who came in peace to help “.
Today all Western doctors think it is fashion to keep a statue of Imhotep in their clinic.
Punch into Google search FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC- VADAKAYIL to know what Christian lobby Vatican and  Jew Zionists Rothschild has been trying VERY hard to bury. Sorry gentlemen—bad luck!

Hundred of Imhotep statues have been made by the Vatican-and kept in various museums all over the world.  All the U Vaishnavite marks and Poonulu sacred thread etchings have been removed in the recasts. The original ones excavated from Egypt are hidden in the secret vaults of Vatican along with the Shiva Linga black stone they found under Solomon’s temple.



The Vatican got the Encyclopedia Britannica to shift Imhotep’s nationality to Greece  "The evidence afforded by Egyptian and Greek texts support the view that Imhotep's reputation was very respected in early times. His prestige increased with the lapse of centuries and his temples in Greek times were the centers of medical teachings.".  Little do they know that Greeks learnt their Astronomy from Vedic texts kept in the Shiva in the temples of Cyprus.  



Aryabhatta wrote everything in 2700 BC.  Max Mueller shoved back Arya Bhatta by 2500 years . they even made propaganda about a duplicate Aryabhatta , born after Christ.


Aryabhatta born in Kerala ( my home state ) in 2700 BC, was one of the early members of this school.  Aryabhatta was the first to calculate Pi of 3.1416 and the solar year of 365.358 days . He propounded a heliocentric universe 4200 years before Copernicus, with elliptically orbiting planets and a spherical earth spinning on its axis explaining the motion of the heavens. He was the father of plane / spherical Trigonometry and Algebra, when Europe was in the dark ages.. Today you don't see this pioneers name in the list of top 100 mathematicians.

Aryabhatta was the first to compute the circumference of the earth, with an error of just 63 miles.. Those days it was right, considering the sea levels .  Aryabhatta gave a method to find the cube root of numbers and dealt with arithmetic,geometric and indeterminate equations in algebra. He dealt with square, cube, triangle, trapezium, circle and sphere in geometry. He was called Arjehir by the Arabs.  

Poor Galileo did a Aryabhatta 4 millenuims years later , that the earth is round and circles the sun , and the church blinded him , so that he can never look into another telescope .

Lor Ayyappa or Impotep solved the Pharoah’s sinkhole problem by putting a Vishnu Avatar Narasimha’s Yang / Rajas statue on the hole. This sinkhole contains some past Atlantis civilization records as per Edgar Cayce.


One month ago 24 billion US dollars worth of gold was found in Sri Padmanabha temple ( Padmababha means Vishnu ) in Kerala. The main and biggest vault is still to be opened, due to inadequate security issues and judicial order.



Narasimha avatar of Vishnu is a protector from evil .  





Below is the Rosslyn church vesion of Vishnu avatar Narasimhan.



Vishnu statues as old as 6000 BC depict corn or pomegranate being held in hand to depict the sacred golden Fibonacci ratio.



Below is Rosslyn chapel's version of Indian maize ( corn )--thought this item was unknown to the white man in those days 1440AD. A whole section of the wall shows Indian Maize.








Rosslyn Chapel did NOT look like a Christian place of worship, did Vatican did some secret modifications, and installed a statue of Mary holding jesus and stained glass windows.  Even now there is NO altar of bapistery-- just a wooden table.( the Free Mason's objected ) 

Rig Veda written in 5000 BC describes Nrasimhan --this half man half lion , as a protector when you are in deep trouble. Edgar Cayce ( 1877-1945 ) had told about Narasimhan as Sphinx, protecting the sinkhole.


 

The Puranas and Hindu epics, state that Surya, i.e. the sun-God ( RA ), along with all its planets and stars together as one unit, circumambulate Mount Meru every day. 



The Templar knights have made the mystical Mount Meru in the Rosslyn temple of Scotland and are making tourist moolah.


The Egyptian Pharoah wanted his own Mount Meru, as his burial chamber. ( Khufu ). He did NOT want to take chances.
Meru is a Hindu Kala Chakra mandala , as standard representation of Paradise. 






If you keep all Chakra mandalas one of top of each other it will look like the pine cone or centre of a sunflower ( golden ratio ) which is their in the courtyard of Vatican.  And hullo, Pope sir-- the peacocks on either side are NOT found in Italy or anywhere else-- only in India, rather it is our national bird. Mount Meru is 85 times earths diameter high, as per our 9000 year old puranas. The top part fell into the sea and this is Sri Lanka . Meru is a Sanskrit word. 

Here are some 4000 year old Meru Hindu temples at Borubudur and Angkor Wat.. Meru became famous because Richard Gere went to Borubudur temple to meditate.







The heart chakra mandala with the 6 point star is pasted below just for understanding. 



Pope sir --. You hid the original PAGAN temple Siva temple Shiva Lingam in your Vatican vaults —but you forgot to hide the Meru.






Jesus sent his first disciple St Thomas of doubting fame , to Calicut ( my home town ) where he landed in 52 AD  . Thomas died in India.  Jesus sent his second disciple to Vatican where there was a powerful Shiva Temple with a black meteorite stone , more powerful than the one on Mecca. The only difference is Mecca displays it with great pride and reverence , and every Muslim pilgrim has to point at this black stone inlaid 5 feet above the ground on the SE corner of Kaaba, 7 times anti-clockwise ( in Hindu temples it is clockwise ) . 


Vatican and Pope are ashamed of this stone , and so they hide it—yet they want the orgone ( scalar ) power to prevail over St peter’s cathedral, built on top of the Shiva temple.

Imhotep or Lord Ayyappa , was the only man to be accorded divine status by the Egyptian Pharoah, as per Edgar Cayce.


Well what do we know?  History of the world had been subverted so badly by vested interests. Vatican has projected Impotep and a Greeko by the name of Asclepius, the same way they have given our Vedic astronomical history to Italian and Greeks.

The Free masons got a man by the name of Cushing to write a biography of Sir William Osler as the “ Father of medicine “  who has the moral authority to subvert the history of the “ ancient father of medicine  Imhotep” .  And in gratitude he received the 1926 Pulitzer Prize for biography .

The lotus flower associated with Imhotep is NOT avaliable in the Nile or Greece or wherever-- or even in Ethiopia who started claiming Imhotep and even Bathsheba ( mother of King Solomon ) as soon as they came to know that both are dark skinned. Even a KGB guy like Putin could immediately recognise a Vedic Hindu Mandala , which has the lotus petals outside the circle. Lotus is India's national flower.




BY THE WAY— ALL FREE MASONS OF THIS PLANET — LISTEN UP--

YOUR PATRON SAINT IS IMHOTEP ( LIKE HOW THE PATRON SAINT OF THE RED CROSS/ BOY SCOUTS IS SAINT GEORGE ).    

IMHOTEP WAS NOT A MASON – HE WAS A DIVINE ARCHITECT , A VISHNU DEVOTEE BY THE NAME OF LORD AYYAPPA.   

THE HALF CAT YOU WORSHIP IS CALLED NARASIMHAN, A VISHNU AVATAR  .   IN KERALA WE LIKE TO VISUALIZE AYYAPPA  ON A TIGER ( TOP PART MAN / BOTTOM PART CAT ) 





THE SIGNS YOU USE IS CALLED MUDRA.   MUDRA IS OF LIMITED USE TO A 2 STRAND 96% JUNK DNA MAN. 

COME 21ST DEC 2012, IT IS OUR CHOICE TO UPGRADE OUR DNA AGAIN TO 12 STRAND, NIL JUNK . 


THINK ABOUT IT.


Do we deserve anything better?

Are you free?


 
TIMELINES:--








Jerusalem’s Calicut ( Kerala / India ) connection is as follows ( Ask any Jew in Israel and they will vouch that the only place in the world they have not been persecuted over the centuries is only in Kerala India , due to the special Bathsheba, Queen Sheba, Mary Magdalene blood connection) :--
 
11000 BC -- Vedic India flys Gyroscopic Mercury Vortex Vimanas ( Flying saucers ) and had Longitudinal wave Scalar Interferometry exhothermic and endothermic missiles, triggered by Pineal gland resonance .
 
3900 BC-Cinnamon trade with Pharoah of Egypt and Maharshi and Vaishnavite seer Imhotep travelled from Calicut to Cairo to create the Sphinx, and treat the Egyptian queen.
 

 
3000 BC- Phoenicians traded with Calicut for Sandalwood and ship building teak.

965 BC- King Solomon’s (whose mother was a dusky long haired beauty from Calicut, Bathsheba ), traded with Kerala and kept Hindu Vedic texts under his temple in vaults—later retrieved by Templar Knights. His mistress Sheba travels from Calicut and gives Solomon presents of Peacocks, Cinnamon, Aloe Vera , ivory, diamonds and Sandalwood.

721 BC- Assyrian invasion of Jerusalem, Jews came to Caliut for refuge.

587 BC- Nebuchadnazzer destroyed King Solomon’s temple after a two year siege, and hundreds of Jews landed up for refuge.

Jesus Christ came to Calicut to learn meditation, astrology, dowsing and healing from Kerala Maharshis. After 3 years he visits the Egyptian pyramids with Mary Magdalene and suddenly busts upon the scene at Jerusalem

52 AD- Favourite disciple of Jesus St Thomas landed at Calicut ( he died in Kerala )

72 AD- Roman emperor Titus persecuted Jews and 10000 Jews landed at Calicut.

135 AD- Bar Kokhba killed by Roman emperor Hadrian and hundreds of Jews landed at Calicut , to avoid extermination. Calicut king resettled all Jews in at Mattancherry, Cochin.

643 AD- Favourite disciple of Mohammed the prophet, Malik Ibn Dinar landed at Calicut . King Cheraman Perumal , of Calicut had given permission to build mosques in Kerala after meeting Mohammed personally at Mecca Kaaba. King Cheraman Peruman died at Salalah before boarding ship back to Calicut . Malik visits the tomb of the king at Salalah , known as Tajiddin Hazrat Syedina dargah.

 
The King's chamber of the Great pyramid is a representation of etherical abode of Lord Shiva , the Mount Meru of Vedic Hindu Mythology. Mount Meru extends from earth into space to a height of 85 times earth's diameter. Lord Shiva is the destroyer god of the Trinity of Tamas Rajas Satwa ( yin-yang ) or creator/ preserver/ destroyer, represented by Shiva's trident. Meru was used to churn the oceans , Sagar Manthan for divine nectar.




The Mount Meru is also found in Rossylyn Chapel in Scotland. The Templar knights found this diagram below under King Solomon's temple 


Check out the video below



   

Check out how precession of the equinox and the binary star which causes the zodiac belt rotating the opposite way is explained -- by the Vedic Samudra Manthan lore.
Almost all India Hindu temples are represent Mount Meru.



During the times of Lord Ayyappa (Imhotep) Vimanas of flying machines existed in India.  Every Vedic book talks about it in great detail-- gyroscopic mercury flying saucers and hover crafts . 
Here is proof that IMHOTEP was a Vedic Maharishi ( 3900 BC ).

    


FLYING VIMANA

 CHOPPER


SUBMARINE

HOVER CRAFT


A tablet containing this sanskrit verse from Bhagawat Gita of 4000 BC was found in the great Pyramid. It is now in the British Museum. “vasanvsi jeernani yatha vihaya, navani ghrunnati naro parani”. 



Rothschild employee Max Mueller knew of this , still he stuck to his bull shit of 1859, pushing back Rig Veda ( the oldest written record of this planet ) by 2500 years , to suit Vaticans contention of the time of the Big Bang ( 4004 BC ) and Noah's arc ( 2500 BC ) .

Check out the video below about Vimanas of 7000 BC or flying saucers.

 

Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (727 BC to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India.  

The disciple of Plato Aristotle did NOT come to India , but he had very clearly written that Jews originated from Kerala in India.  Aristotle wrote that Jews came from KALANI in India.  He has written that Kalani was famous for their raised Kundalini sages ( maharishis ).  These are the same sages who built the Egyptian pyramids.

Alexander the great went back from India via Socotra by ship, to get some life saving Aloe Vera which was a spice trade outpost of Calicut King,  like Mecca and Salalah .

This is the reason why King David took a wife from Kerala named Bath Sheba. King Solomon took a wife from Kerala named whom all call Queen Sheba.  

Jesus Christ took a wife from Kerala named Mary Magdalene.  All know that Jesus Christ suddenly sprung up at Jerusalem from nowhere.  He was in Kerala India, learning healing, meditation, science, philosophy etc.

Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older. Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for Guru Brihaspati. .  Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan war where Helen was stolen.
Several people came to India to get a cure for epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights. 

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician. 

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract. 

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang thing--
- but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1 mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before  Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the same thing via advanced Calculus. 

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years before Pythagoras  was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .  And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh  Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below. 

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. 

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge .

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.
So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff. 

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) . 

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale.
The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the west.  

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics ( magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.    

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus, however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever. 

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death.
Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search-
MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the 5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation known to me.” 
  
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just for kicks.  

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger .  Such jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan ( Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. ( AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of devotees. 

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas), however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara, ‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’). 

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit, bhakti, ‘devotion’).  And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter ( heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew. 

 Bartholomew is one of the 12 disciples of Jesus and ismentioned in three Synoptic gospels: Matthew,[10:1–4] Mark,[3:13–19] and Luke,[6:12–16] and also appears as one of the witnesses of the Ascension[Acts 1:4,12,13]; however, each time he is named in the company of Philip.  He is not mentioned in Gospel of John.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.  Kosmas was the author of a stolen world-geography and a book on stolen Kerala astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of consciousness, and there also sight is created from 
understanding.  For there understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from visible light.”

Consciousness ? 

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history—


The word 'Vatican' itself is derived from the Sanskrit word Vatika, which means Vedic  religious centers, such as Yagna-Vatika.   Vatican St Peter’s cathedral was built on top of a Shiva temple. 

The world  "Christianity" came from the Sanskrit words "Krishna-neeti", (the way of Krishna). 


Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..

Grace and peace!
*******************************************************************************
MARADONA VERSUS PELE, WHO IS BETTER? - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DIEGO ARMANDO MARADONA-- 

THE GOD OF SOCCER --  GREATEST ENTERTAINER ON A FOOTBALL FIELD-  THE PEOPLE'S CHAMPION OF ALL TIME -  THE PLAY MAKING GENIUS-  THE BAD BOY OF SOCCER-  THE MIDFIELDER WITH MAGICAL SKILLS-  THE MAN WHO TOOK SOCCER TO A NEW REVOLUTIONARY LEVEL-- THE MAN AT THE DYNAMICS FULCRUM

VERSUS

PELE, EDSON ARANTES DO NASIMENTO-

THE KING OF SOCCER-  FIFA'S LOVE CHILD- THE ROLE MODEL - THE BLACK PEARL- THE NATIONAL TREASURE OF BRAZIL - 


First watch these videos , and get that feeling.




Did you notice the bewildered looks and body language of half the Belgian soccer worldcup team above?  Well, no prizes!  Check out who is eyeballin' and who is using his perepheral vision to toy around.

That says it all folks!
















In one of the world cup games Pele who gave the opening FIFA speech was sitting like the cat who swallowed all ze cream , in the Queen's box with Platini and party , in the stadium.  

Maradona was NOT even invited, and on the way to the stadium the police confiscated his car.  So my son taunted me " Daddy, your hero is nowhere in the limelight!"

I replied " Son, just wait. Let Maradona come into the stadium and sit in the cheap gallery stands. See the collective faces of Pele and FIFA at that time. When the God of soccer sits in the 20th row, that very spot becomes more important than the Queen's box. A donkey on a throne does NOT become king. That is the way the cookie crumbles "

Soon enough Maradona walks in, like the cool cat he is -- 

--the crowd, gives a tremendous appreciative roar, as the video cameras jostle to catch him climbing up the gallery stands. Every single camera and every pair of eyes -- except Pele's,  were focused on him!  Even the drunks woke up!!

The stadium crowd , and the common masses glued in front of large size TV screens set up on streets , soaked in this ultimate visual opium and chanted in unison " DIEGO!  DIEGO!!  DIEGO!!!--" 

I am sure Pele will be seeing this in his worst nightmares.

--and imagine just a few weeks before Pele , had ridiculed Maradona of NOT being able to use his right foot. Why is it compulsory to use the right foot as per FIFA rules?  Diegos' heavenly left foot did the job.

You don't have to be a genius to figure out why FIFA does not like Maradona who calls a spade a spade -- in any case nobody expects Maradona to represent FIFA and lump in all their hypocrisy--

To be objective in our analysis , we must pit both against each other when they were at the PEAK of their respective carreers.

FIFA and some people do NOT like Maradona because he is arrogant. Well-- a GOD deserves to be arrogant. In the jungle nobody likes to see a modest and humble lion.  All love to see a proud roaring lion toying around with the lesser animals .

With true champions you gotta take the bad with the good, with a pinch of salt. That is why he is a champion --

FIFA held a people's poll to judge who is the player of the century. Maradona got 53.6% votes. Pele got only 18.5% votes.   Not to be daunted or undone FIFA gave his their own specially  rigged up for such an occasion " Football family award" despite knowing deep down they are doing something terribly wrong. .

Pele's cup was plastic, Maradona's was full of heart and soul.


So after the FIFA ceremony on 11th Dec 2000 at Rome, Pele mocked in the press conference - " If Maradona thinks he is the best player of this century, that it is his problem" --and then he found to his chagrin that nobody was amused.

FIFA politics is the disease of soccer.

The British loathe Maradona for that single "hand of God" moment -- which happened in the heat and thick of action at a goal mouth melee -- in the 1986 world cup ,( which eliminated England ). Well gentlemen, the little master plays with his whole body.

After his peak , he could NOT handle the fame and took Cocaine. Cocaine does NOT increase soccer skills-- every idiot know this.  Do we say, Queen could rock Wembley stadium just because Freddy Mercury took Cocaine?  Yet, Cocaine is a performance enhancing drug for rock music.



The football was just an extension of his footballin' body. With people half a metre taller than him were jumping up and contesting for the ball, he did the next best. 

Maradona could dribble around the whole England team twice , tie them up in knots , squeeze the limey out of them, rather lick the mickey out of them, or which ever way they want it-- set up goals and handball it too , in the blur of an eye-- before you could say Womanches --- nay-- Manchester..



Pele was a stalking striker, who scored goals created by equally or more talented players.

Maradona was a busy playmaking midfielder, who singlehandedly created goals for himself and others..

Pele scored more goals ( 1281 goals in 1363 games ) than Maradona , because he played within his comfort zone,  in low skill local Brazilian and US leagues. 

Maradona played in Europe, OK?  When did a Brazilian team or even a South American team last win any world club championship? 

There is a joke doin' the rounds that even the goal scored by Pele in the Hollywood movie Victory ( 1981--starring Michael Cine / Sylvester Stallone ) he acted , is counted in his super goal tally .  The ones he scored when he was in the Brazilian army with zilch skill anywhere around, is of course counted hush hush..

In 1986, Argentina won the world cup. Every single TV station, newspaper and magazine predicted that Diego at his peak , would win it single handedly for the substandard team Argentina.  He did it--and how!  It was a piece of cake.  Could Pele have ever done this?

And then Maradona goes and plays for barrel bottom scrapin'  club Napoli. Every TV channel, newspaper and magazine predicted that Diego would do an encore. He did it yet again - and how!  Could Pele have ever done this?

I can rest my case here-- but let me finish--



Gods leave a legacy! This planet does hold the Maradona legacy. Pele is a mere mortal king . Maradona is the God of soccer.



OK, Pele won 3 world cups 1958-62-70. .

But it must be remembered that Brazil could have done it easily without him too. In 1958 and 1962 Garrincha stole the thunder.

In 1958, Pele always came off the bench, unlike a Messi or Christiano Ronaldo of today , who are always starters. . 


In 1962 Pele played only one game-- he was warming the bench right through the Wold Cup-- see how short and fickle human memory is.  

In 1970 Pele got in because of his deadly statistical seniority.  In 1968-69 he was NOT a regular in the national team, as others were fitter and better.



In the last world cup at South Africa with coach Maradona etching a lonely furrow on the grass walking up and down at the sidelines , with diamonds as big as cherries shining on his ears, the ball went to him and he kicked back in his classic style.  There was an instant appreciative roar from the crowd -- the loudest in that edition of the World cup-  they could now tell their grandchildren that they had seen the legend in action--LIVE.

One of the most vitriolic and "no mincing words " tongues in the world of modern soccer today is that of Jose Mourinho-- the Real Madrid coach..  He remarked tersely " You can like or dislike, Diego is the history of football!"  .

By the way the great Real Madrid player Hungarian Ferenc Pushkas , is miles ahead of Pele. Hardly anybody today knows who Pushkas is-- even in this internet age.  What a disgrace.



Maradona represents the dream of every single young passionate soccer player in the world today--unless he is English-- who are unable to shed their snake skins or let go off old baggage.



Most of the time striker Pele would just waiting for the ball to arrive at his legs so that he can score-- his goal gettin' style later copied by Ruud Van Nistleroy.  In Kerala in Malayalam language we call it Kappikachavadam. 

Most referees would NOT call Pele offside, lest the FIFA monkeys straddle on their backs.  Maradona rarely got favourable decisions.

You can just compare the kilometers Maradona and Pele ran in a single game-- on an average.
Pele is bitter that Maradona has snatched away most of his die hard fans ( including yours truly ) -- he just retains most of the "same skin colour" party,  who worship him as the black pearl.  For these jokers it is NOT skill which matters, but colour of skin.

I am proud to live in the times of Maradona.



The flair, the passion, the explosive acceleration, the electrifying dribbling, the unsurpassed ball control, the unpredictable body swerves and feints, the team dynamics genius vision --



---always in the thick of the narrow alley action -- all against taller and stronger opponents who were hell bent on savagely mowing him down. 

As soon as he was felled down he would jump up and resume business without complaints -- Pele loved to make a wet rag scene and once even threatened to walk off.



There can never be another Maradona-- he is the greatest of them all.  



Maradona is the sun, Pele the moon.  So says Capt Ajit Vadakayil.
*******************************************************************************
NASA - DNA BUILDING BLOCKS IN METEORITE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



DNA ASTROBIOLOGY- ORANGE GOO IN ALASKA- RED RAIN IN KERALA- BINARY STAR MARTHANDA-- BLACK METEORITE STONE WHICH CONTAIN BUILDING BLOCKS SAGALA



It has been written in the Upanishads in 5500 BC, that this universe is self aware, and every star has some type of individuality, and that consciousness is NOT restricted to organic life forms alone. That the cosmos is conscious and humans are just a microscopic part of it.



A couple of days ago, it rained Orange goo in Alaska. All in that neck of the woods are still trying to figure it out.

And a few hours ago NASA declared that DNA building blocks rain down via meteorites as star dust. I wonder why it took NASA so long do find this out. Anyway, now they can spend some money on Astrobiology rather than waste it on naive "protein scientist party".

I will first say something about the significance of the date 21st Dec 2012. It has to do with evolution of DNA of the denizens of planet Earth.

After Dec 21st2012, a lot of humans on this planet will shift to the wisdom mode rather than the knowledge mode, due to preprogramming of his DNA by star dust. 






Tvasta , the double helix coiled serpents which cannot be destroyed- is mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC , ( DNA ) as that which gives rise to all life in living creatures.

These people will have lesser junk DNA.  Wisdom determines how knowledge will be used. Science will happily accept consciousness.  Darwin and Newton will be consigned to the dustbin and man will understand the powers of his mind, as told in the Vedas written in 5000 BC.  The internet of global consciousness will give DARSHAN of space-time continuum..

In 2000 I shifted to my new home, a cosy bunglow with our own source of drinking water, a pure living water well.   



On 17th June 2001 , i came home from ship on leave, in the thick of the monsoon season, when it pours, it does not rain. The air is clear of all dust . 
   

On 25th June 2001, my well had some reddish yellow algae type organic dust, floating on the top. I was quite upset, as we do not have municipality water connection, which every house in Calicut city has. 
 

All over my home state Kerala, there was mysterious red rain.
 




It continued for 2 months till Set 23rd 2001. During this period hundreds of ancient wells, which survived thousands of years , imploded and caved in. It must be remembered that well water holds memory. Every newspaper and magazine had plenty to say about it-- all bull . 
NASA- USA must examine the ORANGE GOO of Alaska.
 


On 25th June before sunrise, the residents of a town Changanasseri, were woken up 1 hour before sunrise by a terrific sound, which could only have been a sonic boom. This is most unusual and impossible out there. There is NO thunderstorm at this time.   


Some of this red water was collected by scientists and they found it to be biological cells--not inorganic matter or iron oxide. It could NOT have been some dust storm carried over and dumped by the Jet stream--like how Chinese soot is deposited over west coast USA , California.   

The scientists did NOT do proper tests from DNA of the Kerala red rain. They were NOT competent enough to. Probably NASA could have found more about DNA in these red cells than they did in the bacteria of Mono Lake California.  

The spores in star dust , have DNA which cannot be detected easily, as they can change their genetic machinery.  


Researchers in Bio photons will tell you, that cell dying process is identical to the stars. Just before dying , exactly like Supernovas, they emit light of great intensity before they get extinguished.  

Vedanta talks about the ener-genetic connection between the Galactic centre (Bindu of the Sri Yantra) and DNA molecule.  
  
Intelligent waves of core energy are called SOMVARTA as per Vedas, are responsible for the spontaneous evolution of species. ( Darwin will disagree ).   

Fibonacci series and the golden mean ( stolen from Vedanta of 9000 BC.) rule the construct of DNA and the spiralling construct of the Cosmos.
 
They have survived in harsh conditions of outer space. They are self directing and self organising. These spore cells would be unlike anything else found on earth. When bombarded with light they will shine like the stars in the milky way. 
We humans have consciousness and we have a free choice if we wish to evolve further to higher consciousness. This means our junk DNA ( 96% of the total ) will be used and be mutated to 12 strand DNA.. If we do so, we have to comply with fresh terms and conditions. Failure to do so, and the first sign will be new born Albinos , after 21st Dec 2012

When the time is right, ( after 21st Dec 2012 ) the star dust DNA from outer cosmos will be energised by scalar waves and the cells will emerge to give new life forms plant and animal.




In Dec 21 2012, when the sun is at the bindu of the Sri Yantra ( cosmic womb ) , aligned with the galactic equator , we will understand this intelligent force residing inside the DNA-







- two more years to go!-- there, i have said it!!.. The great Indian planetary Yuga of 25765 years due to the precession wobble , ends here -- The cross between the equinoxial and the ecliptic will very soon go from Pisces toAquarius.  

Cells and DNA communicate through frequencies. DNA holds the memory of our perfect forms. 
The primary function of our DNA is not protein synthesis, as biologists will tell you , but the reception and transfer of electromagnetic energy.  

Life is fundamentally electromagnetic than biochemical, the DNA blueprint functioning as a biohologram which serves as a guiding matrix for organizing physical form.  

Every biochemical reaction is preceded by an electromagnetic signal.  

Chromosomes that are damaged by X-rays, for instance, can be repaired by simply applying vibration and language, or sound combined with intention, or words, to DNA!Our DNA has remembered all the things that ever happened to human beings. Each cell of the body contains all of DNA’s infinite possibilities all of the time, from the moment of conception till death. DNA can send and receive powerful data through a universal network of ether..  

DNA is like the master tuning fork in the body. It would strike a particular frequency and certain other molecules would follow-- the waves are LONGITUDINAL -- rather field like--Energy cannot be destroyed –it can only be transformed.  
Nothing that was created can ever cease to exist. They can only change. And so we change. We emerge from microscopic interactions of cells and DNA grow to the physical form we know in the world and then shed that form like how a butterfly emerges from its chrysalis to fly home.   
 
There is a connection between DNA and consciousness . The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from the scalar fieldDNA is a superconductor that stores light at body temperature, and can create magnetic wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and axional membranes are also hollow cylinders.   
   


In the Vedas written in 5000 BC, Marthanda is the physically deformed cast away son of Nebula, Aditi. Aditi is the mother of all mothers. It is actually a huge energized mass of rock which revolves round the sun every 12500 years and at perigee causes lot of disturbances on planet earth.


In the Rig Veda written in 5000 BC , Aditi is mentioned more than 80 times. Aditi is devamatri (mother of the gods) as from and in her cosmic matrix all the heavenly bodies were born. 

 

As the celestial virgin and mother of every existing form and being, the synthesis of all things, she is highest akasa. As the womb of space, she is a feminized form of Brahma. 




The line in the Rig-Veda: "Daksha sprang from Aditi and Aditi from Daksha" has reference to "the eternal cyclic re-birth of the same divine Essence" (SD 2:247n). In one of its most mystic aspects Aditi is divine wisdom or consciousness.


Aditi cast away her 8th son Marthanda as he was mis shapen---- Rig Veda Mandala10-Sukta-72(10-72). 




Here is a Marthanda temple at Kashmir, destroyed by Muslim invaders. This grand temple is 3100 years old, and existed before Alexander the Great came to India. It took Sikandar Butshikan, the most cruel murderer King in world history , the second Sultan of the Swati Afghan Shah Miri dynasty of Kashmir 1389–1413 CE , 13 long months to destroy this strong granite temple. Latitude .
33°44′44″N Longitude 75°13′13″E --check out on Google earth map.





In Kerala last month opening half the Sri Padmanabha temple vaults yielded 24 billion US dollars in gold. The name of the King in charge of this temple is Marthanda .




 
 

It is also called SAGALA , ( meaning “everything” –all DNA building blocks ) in Sanskrit, and in my own language Malayalam, from which the black , heavier than iron, SIVA LINGAMS scattered all over the Indian subcontinent and certain parts of the planet.



DNA is the master tuning fork of the human body. When you resonate your DNA magic happens. When the DNA strikes a particular frequency other molecules follow. 

In quantum physics quantum coherence means that subatomic particles are able to cooperate. These subatomic waves or particles not only know about each other , but are also highly interlinked by bands of common electromagnetic fields, so that they can communicate together. They are like a multitude of tuning forks that all begin resonating together. As the waves get into phase of sync, they begin acting like one giant wave and one giant subatomic particle. It becomes difficult to tell them apart.


Many of the weird quantum effects seen in a single wave apply to the whole. Something done to one of them will affect the others, coherence establishes communication,  some sort of collective vibration was responsible for getting proteins to cooperate with each other and carry out instructions of DNA and cellular proteins.

Once energy reaches a certain threshold, molecules begin to vibrate in unison, until they reach a level of coherence. The moment molecules reach this state of coherence , they take on certain qualities of of quantum mechanics including non locality. They get to the point where they can operate in tandem.

Consciousness is a global phenomenon that occurred everywhere in the body and not just in  our brains. Consciousness at its most basic is coherent light.

Electrons glide easily along light pipes without getting entangled in their environment, or settling into any set single state. This means they can remain in quantum state, a condition of all possible states, enabling the brain eventually to finally choose among them. This is free will. At every moment our brains are making quantum choices, taking potential states and making them actual ones.


Brain processes occurred at the quantum level. The dendritic networks in the brain operate in tandem through quantum coherence.

General anesthetic interferes with electrical activity within brain microtubules, and this activity turns off consciousness. The converse is also true. The electrical activity of microtubules inside the  dendrites and neurons in the brain is  at the heart of consciousness.



Below video: Check out what NASA has to say about a Shiva Lingam -- the phallus which provides the seed of life..




Our brain talks to itself and the rest of the  body in the language of wave interference –phase , freq and amplitude. We perceive an object by resonating with it,  thus getting in sync with it. To know the world is to be literally to be on its wavelength.




Let me give a Vedic explanation for FREE WILL or FREE CHOICE. 

Our brain is holographic. While introducing Nikola Tesla to longitudinal field ZPF waves , in 1903, the great Indian mystic has told him -"every part is a whole and everything springs from the whole". This was 45 years before a hologram was invented. 

This Vedic science is 7000 years old-- written in Sanskrit. This is why our brain can store unlimited data in such limited space. Von Neumann a Hungarian supergenius ( both Neumann and Tesla were more intelligent than Einstein ) had calculated that our brain can store 2.8 X 10 raised to 20 bits of information. 

Holograms are all about changing the angle at which two lasers strike a piece of photographic film- to record many differnt images on same surface. Any image thus recorded can be retrieved simply by illuminating the film with a laser beam possessing the same angle as the original two beams. 

Our FREE CHOICE is about finding the right angle to call up the image / memory of what we want or search. 

This is why a person seconds away from suicide can be given a tight slap accross his face , to force change this angle--and then he would not want to commit suicide at all. surprised?

See a nice video below--.Richard Branson spoke on stage--yet he was never there!

 
 

A human voice or sound is a longitudinal wave -- just like scalar waves. Your body is full of water, every cell contains water.  See the effect of sound, in the video below. 

A language like Sanskrit has evolved from the 12 strand DNA of seers 11000 years ago .  Dimitri Mendeleyeev based his periodic table of elements from the sound of Sanskrit alphabets .

See what happens to every cell of your body-- with longitudinal waves caused by a Sanskrit Mantra.

 


Charles Darwin’s entire family were Free Masons , starting off with his grandfather Dr. Erasmus Darwin.  Charles married his cousin from Wedgewood Rothschild style.  All his friends were Freemasons too.

It has always been the wish of the Rothschild family to portray the John Galt method of Atlas Shrugged ( written by Rothschild girl Ayn Rand ) —about natural selection and HOW IT IS NATURAL FOR THE STRONG TO RULE OVER THE WEAK.—or why the fit must rule over the unfit.

The poor could be sent to the gallows or sold as slaves, just for cutting a tree for firewood, or getting branded as a petty thief , for stealing a loaf of bread for his starving children..

It was about eliminating God from the equation, and making society accept a slave master system. For being successful he was buried in Westminster Abbey along with the kings.

This is why public debate on Darwinism is prohibited.   Darwinists do NOT want to discuss DNA.

Pl punch into Google search CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE – VADAKAYIL  to read further. 

7000 years ago, the Indian Vedas , and Ayurveda wrote down in Sanskrit the benefits of OM ( the Hindu king mantra ) .The humming of MMMMM boosted the levels of Nitric acid molecules in the blood to do DNA repair and prevent ageing.  Modern science still has NO idea of what this resonant trigger and activation of the natural chemical factory in the brain is all about.


 Cayce said in his trance " Man did NOT descend from the monkey-- he evolved time to time, here a little there a little, line upon line and line and line upon line" . ( read line as DNA strands --to hell with Darwin)


 

As predicted in the Vedas-
 
·         yada yada hi dharmasya
glanir bhavati bharata
abhyutthanam dharmasya
tadatmanam srjamy aham
paritranaya sadhunam
vinasaya ca duskrtam
dharma-samsthapanarthaya
sambhavami yuge yuge
·         
यदा यदा ही धर्मस्य ग्लानिर्भवति भारत, अभ्युथानम् अधर्मस्य तदात्मानं सृजाम्यहम् |

परित्राणाय साधुनाम विनाशाय च: दुष्कृताम, धर्मं संस्थापनार्थाय सम्भावामी युगे युगे ||"

Translation from 'Bhagavad Gita As It is":
Whenever and wherever there is a decline in religious practice, O descendant of Bharata, and a predominant rise of irreligion--at that time I descend Myself. In order to deliver the pious and to annihilate the miscreants, as well as to reestablish the principles of religion, I advent Myself millennium after millennium.

Charles Darwin knew zilch about DNA.


Consider this amazing fact.  The ancient Vedic Maharishis as far back as 8000 years ago, knew of the degeneration of the Y chromosome of the human DNA.   In India marriage between same gotras ( lineage ) is banned. Honor killings take place in India with a rigid Khap village justice system. 

The Gotra system was designed to track down the root Y Chromosome of a person . The ancient Vedic Rishis had observed the degeneration of the Y Chromosome and they wanted to maintain as many individual healthy unique Y Chromosome lineages as possible. That would give a fair chance for males to continue to exist because Y Chromosomes get passed on over generations with almost negligible change in their genetic combinations, as they do not take part in mix and match with other Chromosome. 

Men have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome while women have two X chromosomes. DNA swapping happens between a pair of chromosomes, and since the Y chromosome doesn't have a pair, it can't swap DNA. So patterns stick around for a long time


All life on Earth is powered by a process called chemiosmosis, where the chemical adenosine triphosphate (ATP), the rechargeable chemical 'battery' for life, is both broken down and re-formed during respiration to release energy used to drive the reactions of life, or metabolism.


Earthly phosphorus is the key element in ATP, and other fundamental building blocks of life like DNA,  is largely insoluble in water and has a low chemical reactivity.

The complex enzymes SAGALA required for both the creation and break down of ATP came from black meteorite stones (Shiva Lingams ) which rained on earth from the sky.  This seed containing stone is allegorically called Lord Shiva’s phallus.
*******************************************************************************
12 STRAND DNA ACTIVATION MANTRA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This is in reponse to a query in my post IMHOTEP --on how to activate the dormant 12 strand DNA-after 21st dec 2012.

All of us have only 2 strands of DNA-- and 96% is junk.

12 strand DNA seers disappeared 6000 years ago.



All ancient Indian Maharishis with superhuman powers had 12 strand DNA . They had beautiful FRACTAL minds where they saw numerical equations as geometry.

You will find lot of bullshit , all over internet. 

The below video of the sanskrit mantra  OM MANI PADME HUM ( Avalokiteshwara ) can activate junk DNA. 

It has to be repeated 108 times , along with this video.   


Why 108 ? -- 

well,  it is about sacred Sri Yantra divine geometry.  Triple lines of Sri Yantra intersect at 54 points of yin-yang.  54 is the number of Sanskrit alphabets. Sanksrit is a divine language from the DNA.

Remember the magic is in the MMMMMM part. So drag it a little more than the chant in the video.

It sets up a resonant vibration, similar to the king mantra OM or AUM.  The MMMMM humming boosts the production of Nitric Oxide in the body. This was known to Indians and documented 7000 years ago.

This mantra is very popular with Tibetian Buddhists-- as it is endorsed by Dalai Lama. 

This video is Buddhist-  they have NOT got the pronounciation right-- but the purity of utterance and vibratory quality is OK.    

for example :--

mani is jewel in Sanskrit -- it cannot be pronounced as mAAni.
padma is lotus in Sanskrit -- it cannot be pronounced as pEdme

Be surprised!





While you chant look into the centre spot or the Bindu ( Singularity -Black hole ) of the Sri Yantra . It balances the right and left lobes of your brain.

A person who has access to both brain lobes is generating scalar waves and thus is in touch with higher dimenions of funtioning. 






The conch blow is the sound representation of OM  (7.83 Hz )



Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang ).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles, we call the cosmic dance of Shiva from either side of the Quantum screen... Together they express the great void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the oceans for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. The amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine LSD-- rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep, while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT, etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16, just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2 strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil


Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil
*******************************************************************************
THE DAY BEFORE YOU CAME -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


ABBA -- THE MAGNIFICENT

This was a very unusual poignant song sung by Agnetha of ABBA in 1982-- a timeless classic.  

In my opinion this is the most underrated song ever.  

There is an indirect reference to a man who appeared one fine day and overturned the mundane dull life of an ordinary woman. 



Basically it is her own story. 

The unsaid is stronger than the worn out usual words.

As she is singing live on stage she is aware of the piercing and crushing realisation of the impending final split-- and that this is their last lap.

You can feel the melancholy and see the sadness in her eyes.  This is the reason why this song at Saarbrucken Germany is chillingly beautiful and heartbreaking. 

It touches you at the deepest human level. Watch her lip movements and facial expressions.

Agnetha looks so vulnerable, and hurt from her facial expressions-- yet she does not falter on stage. 

The other three can feel her shredded emotions, but they pretend all is hunky dory. Still Bjorn (with red tie)  on the guitar looks very sheepish.

SHE PUTS SOUL INTO THIS SONG--

-- rather it is a glorious sunset..







ABBA was a band formed in 1972 by Frida ( brunette --Anni-Frid Lyngstad) , Anna ( blondie- Agnetha Fältskog ) , Benny ( bearded on keyboard --Benny Andersson ) and Bjorn ( guitarist -- Björn Ulvaeus ). They were married couples . I had seen them live in Australia in 1976.


ABBA is the 2nd best selling band in history. They made the best music ever on this planet for 10 years . There can never be another ABBA— this young and exuberant band ruled the world stage from 1972 to 1982 .

The English speaking countries lost their vice grip on English pop music. ABBA was 35 weeks on Britain's charts, a feat which can never be beaten. 

The platinum haired Swedish blondie Anna (Agnetha Faltskog), with her gap toothed smile was my favorite -- for she had the ONE IN A BILLION crystal clear, RICH high pitched voice. ( not like the pathetic THIN voice of our Lata Mangeshkar who can never be popular in any other country except India ). 

Her voice would ride above and captivate the audience.  

Millions of men were in love with this graceful lady.


In 1979 Anna and Bjorn got divorced. The gorgeous blondie Anna was emotionally mangled by the split, as Bjorn took in another woman within a week-. leaving their young children Linda Elin Ulvaeus and Peter Christian Ulvaeus in the lurch.

She did not see the split coming. 

The other 3 used her emotions to record hits sung by simple Anna herself like-- THE WINNER TAKES IT ALL and ONE OF US IS CRYING.




The JOY of ABBA suddenly vanished with such painful emotional songs and the band broke up in 1982 after recording " The Visitors" . Brunette Frida and bearded Benny got divorced in 1981.


In 2000 ABBA turned down an offer of 1 billion US dollars for a reunion tour. The blondie did not have the emotional strength and was just not willing for healed wounds to be reopened -- and further heartache.

The below video is the original.




This song was the requiem of the group, as they broke up after that -- professionally and personally.

Today Agnetha is a recluse, and has forgotten English.



WILL THIS PLANET EVER PRODUCE SUCH A MELODIOUS BAND ,  OR A FANTASTIC SINGER LIKE BLONDIE AGNETHA AGAIN ?


The Day Before You Came Lyrics

I must have left my house at eight, because I always do 
My train, I'm certain, left the station just when it was due 
I must have read the morning paper going into town 
And having gotten through the editorial, no doubt I must have frowned 
I must have made my desk around a quarter after nine 
With letters to be read, and heaps of papers waiting to be signed 
I must have gone to lunch at half past twelve or so 
The usual place, the usual bunch 
And still on top of this I'm pretty sure it must have rained 
The day before you came 

I must have lit my seventh cigarette at half past two 
And at the time I never even noticed I was blue 
I must have kept on dragging through the business of the day 
Without really knowing anything, I hid a part of me away 
At five I must have left, there's no exception to the rule 
A matter of routine, I've done it ever since I finished school 
The train back home again 
Undoubtedly I must have read the evening paper then 
Oh yes, I'm sure my life was well within its usual frame 
The day before you came 

I must have opened my front door at eight o'clock or so 
And stopped along the way to buy some Chinese food to go 
I'm sure I had my dinner watching something on TV 
There's not, I think, a single episode of Dallas that I didn't see 
I must have gone to bed around a quarter after ten 
I need a lot of sleep, and so I like to be in bed by then 
I must have read a while 
The latest one by Marilyn French or something in that style 
It's funny, but I had no sense of living without aim 
The day before you came 

And turning out the light I must have yawned and cuddled up for yet another night 
And rattling on the roof I must have heard the sound of rain 
The day before you came

Check out the timeless " KNOWING ME, KNOWING YOU "

A voice engineer's delight-- perfect sawtooth blend of a "crystal clear high pitched upbeat super-voice" of Agnetha and a "deep sultry lower tone" of Frida--

YIKES!


CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS -- THE BEST WE HAVE NOWADAYS IS THE BULLSHIT VOICE AND SONGS OF LADY GAGA!!.
*******************************************************************************
HEAT AND COLD STRESS ON CHEMICAL TANKERS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




  SURVIVAL TIPS EXTREME HEAT AND COLD ON CHEMICAL SHIPS



Chemical tanker men work on low freeboard decks at sea for MANUAL tankcleaning in cold icy winds and sea spray or they could be wearing nil-ventilated PPE in hot weather in port in direct sunlight, doing stripping or manual valve topping up.



Knowledge of effect of heat and cold on human body is important to prevent LTI and ill effects to health.



Master must do a risk assessment when there are chances of heat or cold stress to his crew.



HEAT STRESS:




Elevated humidity or wearing chemical resistant splash suits reduces the ability of the body to evaporate the sweat and cool it, and increases the heat load . This can be made worse by radiant heat of the sun while on deck.



Heat rashes can even affect sleep , during off duty hours.




Radiant heat could be from  steam coils while squeegeing the cargo inside the tanks. The physical work which has to be done FAST increases the heat load on the body.



The crew members sent to sweep the tanks must be physically fit , with zero blood alcohol levels. They must keep the body hydrated by drinking water to prevent heat exhaustion.



Salt tablets can replace the sodium lost from the cells. The sodium is like acid in a car battery’s electrolyte.  Salt depletion can cause debilitating body cramps. Heat Cramps are painful muscle spasms. Tired muscles, usually those used for performing the work, are usually the ones most susceptible to cramps. Cramps may occur during or after working hours. The pain and cramps in muscles, begin in the calves and spreading to the arms and abdomen



Heat Syncope (pronounced ‘sin-cope-ee’) or fainting may be a problem for an individual not acclimatised to a hot environment, and who simply stands still in the heat, like at the gangway / manifold watch. This is caused by blood pooling in the veins in the legs, which reduces blood pressure and can cause fainting




Heat stress can cause lack of concentration, irritability, tiredness and poor work performance.  It causes heavy sweating, headache, rapid breathing, intense thirst, and vomiting. The skin is clammy and moist, the complexion pale or flushed, and the body temperature normal or slightly higher.



Heat Stroke is the next stage after heat exhaustion. It is very serious and can be life threatening, as the body can no longer regulate its own temperature. Symptoms include hot red skin, but usually with no sweating, possible rapid pulse, difficulty in breathing, confusion, vomiting, and eventual unconsciousness. Permanent health effects or death may result.



It is essential that the early signs of Heat Stress are recognized,and suitable corrective action taken, so that potentially fatal Heat Stroke is avoided.




Actual Heat Stroke must be treated as a MEDICAL EMERGENCY and should be processed accordingly. Precautions

where Heat Stress is a potential hazard, all persons on board, especially supervisors, should be trained on the health hazards, symptoms, and methods to protect themselves from Heat Stress related disorders.



Training sessions on Heat Stress should be periodically included as an item in the Vessel Safety Meetings.



During periods of high ambient temperatures, a pre-job risk analysis using Work Permits, where applicable, and/or a Job Hazard Analysis (JHA) must be completed. This risk analysis prior squeegeing heated palm oils and fats  should consider the potential for Heat Stress, and should be communicated to the individuals involved, prior to starting the job.



Each individual should monitor any symptoms of Heat Stress in their own body. It is likely that the first symptoms will include feeling dizzy, weak, or light-headed. Some individuals notice excessive sweating or feel the pulse in their head. All personnel should look out for any other individuals who are, or appear to be, suffering from the heat exposure. Symptoms of Heat Stress should not be ignored, because of pressure of work.



The consumption of sufficient quantities of water in order to avoid dehydration is vital. In normal conditions, the body loses 2.5 litres of water in a day, but when performing strenuous work in the heat, this quantity can increase to 1.0–1.5 litres of water in an hour. Thirst only occurs when there is already some dehydration, so water should be drunk even when not thirsty. Individuals should be encouraged to drink one cup of water at least every 15 minutes, if not more frequently. Urine should be light in colour, and of normal volume. Salt supplementation is NOT required. The body obtains all the necessary salt from a normal diet.



As stated above, new employees from cold countries ( fair skinned crew ) just returned after leave , may require a period  of 3 days of ‘acclimatization’ to cope with hot work environments. The acclimatization process is lost, if exposure stops for prolonged periods of time.



In areas where Heat Stress is possible, Heat Stress management should include the following:-

Administrative measures such as regular breaks, taking breaks in a cool refuge, accessible drinking water, and minimisation of physical work rate.

Modified engineering and work practices, including shading with parasols , reflective barriers for radiant heat, temporary insulation barriers, spot cooling from a fan, air ducting or air conditioning, personal cooling devices, and special scheduling in order to carry out heavy work at a cooler time of day.



All personnel should limit their own exposure to heat as far as possible, and take breaks in a cool environment, when necessary. Do not wear unnecessary clothing, e.g. T-shirts underneath boiler suit overalls. First aid plans and medical arrangements must be in place to treat any individuals overcome with Heat Exhaustion and Heat Stroke.



The colour of an individual's urine is a simple method for monitoring their state of dehydration. Basically, urine should always be very light in colour. The darker it gets, the more dehydrated the individual is. It is very important, even if individuals are only mildly dehydrated, that they increase their consumption of water. Additionally, they should need to urinate, at least, at the normal frequency.




Emergencies and first aid

If any individual suffers from an effect due to exposure to heat, they must obtain prompt medical attention, and inform there supervisor. If anybody observes that any other individual is suffering from the effects of heat, or is faint or unconscious, they must:-

Remove the individual from the hot environment,

Obtain medical attention immediately,

Cool the individual down preferably by moistening the skin and fanning it.

Do not immerse the individual in cold water.

Keep the individual horizontal,

If there is vomiting, make sure the airway remains open by turning the individual on to their side.





COLD STRESS:




There are many publications on board ( like training manual ) which give precautions for cold and hypothermia.



The body is made up of a central core containing the vital organs (brain, heart and kidneys) which needs to be maintained at a constant temperature of 37oC (98.6oF), and a peripheral envelope made up of skin, muscles, fat and bones, whose temperature can vary greatly without ill effects.



An individual gains body heat from food and muscular activity, and loses it at approximately the same rate to the environment, thereby maintaining a constant core temperature. Additionally, if the core body temperature drops below normal, the peripheral blood vessels constrict, decreasing blood flow to reduce heat loss from the surface of the skin, and shivering generates heat from muscular activity. This also helps maintain a constant central core temperature.




Key factors for Cold Stress :

Low temperatures from being in refrigerated compartments, being immersed in cold water, atmospheric conditions such as strong winds, cool winds (or both), and sea spray/ rain or dampness are all environmental factors that can cause Cold Stress.

Wind chill, which is a combination of ambient temperature and wind velocity, is a crucial factor when working outside. For example, when the actual air temperature of the wind is 4oC , and its velocity is 30knots (56km/hr), the exposed skin experiences conditions equivalent to a still-air temperature of 12oC !  A dangerous situation of high heat loss can therefore occur for any individual exposed to high winds and low temperatures.




Other risk factors that contribute to Cold Stress by increasing susceptibility or the effects of the cold include:-

Wearing inadequate or wet clothing,

Taking alcohol, nicotine or caffeine,

Taking certain medications,

Having a cold,

Having certain medical conditions, such as diabetes and heart disease,



The human body ( especially dark skinned crew ) is generally not well equipped to cope with a cold environment, and prolonged exposure to low temperatures may cause:-




Frostbite

This is caused when ice crystals form in the tissues of exposed body parts. If only the superficial tissue is involved, this is known as "Frostnip". This can destroy tissue or lead to an infection. The first signs of frostbite include pain in the nose, fingers or toes, which eventually turn pale and numb. Frostbite is serious, if the skin starts to harden or turn blotchy or blue.



Trench Foot ( or Immersion Foot)

This occurs when an individual stands in water at nearfreezing temperatures, for extended periods. There are

three stages of Trench Foot:-

In the mild stage, there is red skin, swelling and numbness,

In the moderate stage, there is bleeding and nerve damage,

In the severe stage, there will be gangrene.



Hypothermia

This occurs when the body loses too much heat and becomes cold, and may result in death. Early signs are blue lips and fingertips, shivering, slurred speech and stumbling or falling.



Here are the effects of hypothermia in more detail, related to the core body temperature:

Core temperature Deg C hypothermia effects

37o  Normal body temperature

36o  Judgement may be affected

35o  Feels cold, looks cold (blue lips and fingertips), Severe shivering,



Definition of hypothermia threshold.

DANGEROUS HYPOTHERMIA BELOW 35oC.

34o Change of personality (becomes withdrawn, or ‘switches off’),

Confused, slurred speech, stumbling or falling, inappropriate behaviour, e.g. sheds clothing,lack of appreciation (‘doesn’t care’).

33o  Consciousness clouded, shivering stops, incoherent.

32o  Heart stoppage a significant risk, heat loss will continue unless protected, limbs stiffen.

31o  Becomes unconscious.

24o  Survival unusual if any colder.



Cold can also exert an adverse psychological impact. Discomfort and tiredness, due to the body using energy to keep warm, can lessen an individual’s concentration, and can result in increased errors and accident rates.

There is also an increased risk of accident or injury, as fingers can become numb and immobile, and impair an individual’s ability to carry out delicate tasks, hold objects, climb ladders etc.



There are a number of additional effects of cold:



Chilblains.

These are an inflammation of the hands and feet due to exposure to cold and moisture.



Fingertip fissures.

These are deep and very painful, and can occur where the fingertips are exposed to prolonged, or repeated cold conditions.



Cold Burn.

This is the instantaneous freezing of skin when touching a very cold object, especially metal,



Windburn.

This effect causes dry skin.



All personnel should learn the signs and symptoms of the effects of Cold Stress, and what to do to help any other affected shipboard personnel.



Appropriate protective clothing that is specially designed for cold weather should be worn, with special attention being given to covering the feet, hands, face and head.  SILVER COLOUR (FOOD ALUMINIUM FOIL) IS A BAD ABSORBER AND BAD RADIATOR OF HEAT.



(Note: Up to 40% of body heat can be lost through the head when it is exposed!) Warm gloves and hats should be worn, and footwear that is not too tight. Multiple layers of clothing can be more effective than, single layer but thicker clothing.



Also:-

 Avoid conditions and activities where possible, which cause sweating, as this can soak clothing, which reduces its insulation ability, and can increase heat loss by its evaporation.



And avoid having wet feet for long periods of time, and ensure socks are dry before putting them on. Remove wet socks and footwear after work. If the feet become wet, then dry them thoroughly and massage them to promote circulation.



There are a number of controls which can be used to keep warm:-

Make the best use of on-site sources of heat,

Shield work areas from draughty or windy conditions,

Use a heated shelter where there is prolonged exposure to the equivalent wind-chill temperatures of -6°C (21°F) or colder,

Where the air temperature is below -29oC , or an equal wind-chill effect exists, the ships management team will decide whether to continue operations that involve working outside. If operations proceed, the SMT will determine and implement precautions (e.g. taking regular breaks in a warm refuge, and monitoring the condition of all individuals).



There are also some safe working practices which should be adopted in exceedingly cold conditions:-

Allow for a period of adjustment to the cold before embarking on the full work schedule,

Set an appropriate pace of work, with extra breaks being taken when needed, Reduce the number of activities performed outside, as much as possible,

When it is necessary for individuals to work in these cold conditions, the work should be undertaken during the warmest hours of the day, and any activities involving lengthy periods of static posture should be minimized,

Ensure individuals remain hydrated, e.g. drink fluids,



Use a buddy system during outside working, ensuring no individual is working on their own.

Apply moisturiser to dry skin.

Remember try to KEEP WARM AND DRY!

STAY ALERT to your own needs and problems, and the needs and problems of other shipboard personnel.



Emergencies and First Aid

Cold Burns

If a body part becomes attached to cold metal, warm water or other fluid (even urine) should be used to gently separate the body part from the metal.



SEEK MEDICAL ATTENTION.

Frostbite:-

Move the individual to a warm dry area and apply warmth, such as body warmth from hands, to the affected part.

Do not leave the individual alone.

Breathe on to the affected part, or place the affected area in water at body temperature, maximum 37oC.

Remove any wet or tight clothing, or tight jewellery that may cut off blood flow to the affected area,

Do not rub the affected area, because severe rubbing causes damage to the skin and tissue.

After the affected area has been warmed, it may become puffy and blister. The affected area may have a burning feeling or numbness. Do not break blisters that form as a result of frostbite. When normal feeling, movement, and skin color have returned, the affected area should be dried and wrapped to keep it warm. If there is a chance the affected area may get cold again soon after, do not attempt to warm the skin. If the skin is warmed, and then becomes cold again, it will cause severe tissue damage.



SEEK MEDICAL ATTENTION as soon as possible.

Hypothermia incurred on board:-

Move the individual to a warm, dry area. Remove any wet clothing and replace with warm, dry clothing or wrap the individual in blankets (i.e. keep the individual warm and dry),

Do not leave the individual alone,

Have the individual drink warm sweet drinks (sugar water or sports-type drinks) if they are alert; avoid strong drinks with caffeine (coffee, tea, or hot chocolate); warm milk or soup are alternatives,

Have the individual move their arms and legs to create muscle heat. If they are unable to do this, place warmbottles or hot packs, (maximum temperature 37oC(98.7oF)), in the armpits, groin, neck, and head areas.

Do not rub the individual’s body or place them in a warm water bath, SEEK MEDICAL ATTENTION as soon as possible.
*******************************************************************************
GIVE PEACE A CHANCE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THE AMERICAN ANTI-WAR MOVEMENT ANTHEM-  BY JOHN LENNON



 



It is the first solo single issued by Lennon, and became an ANTHEM of the American anti-war movement during the 1970s.


The song was sung by more than half a million demonstators in Washington, DC at the Vietnam Moratorium Day, on 15 October 1969.


They were led by the renowned folk singer Pete Seeger, who interspersed phrases like, "Are you listening, Nixon?" and "Are you listening, Agnew?", between the electrifying choruses of protesters singing, "All we are saying ... is give peace a chance" .


This song was made in a two room suite of Queen Elizabeth hotel Montreal. Visitors to John and Yoko's bed-in, including reporters, staff, celebrities, and Hare Krishna drummers who banged on everything from doors to tabletops for rhythm.  

The world as we know it is too chaotic. We seriously need to give peace a chance.

I hope that one day people will realise that we are all humans and all live on the same world in which we all need to work together and get along as ONE.


As John Lennon said.  All you need is love. 


Let me put here, John Lennon's lyrics for his song IMAGINE--  I dedicate it for Jerusalem--where there has been NO peace since the Crusaders invaded --

Imagine there's no Heaven 
It's easy if you try 
No hell below us 
Above us only sky 
Imagine all the people 
Living for today 

Imagine there's no countries 
It isn't hard to do 
Nothing to kill or die for 
And no religion too 
Imagine all the people 
Living life in peace 

You may say that I'm a dreamer 
But I'm not the only one 
I hope someday you'll join us 
And the world will be as one 

Imagine no possessions 
I wonder if you can 
No need for greed or hunger 
A brotherhood of man 
Imagine all the people 
Sharing all the world 

You may say that I'm a dreamer 
But I'm not the only one 
I hope someday you'll join us 
And the world will live as one
*******************************************************************************
OLDEST CIVILIZATION OF THE PLANET, INDIAN - PART 1 -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
OLDEST CIVILIZATION OF THE WORLD  -- HIJACKED AND STOLEN HISTORY OF INDIA--  VATICAN INSPIRED ZIONIST JEWS ROTHSCHILD ARYAN CONSPIRACY 






THE VIDEO TIME SCALES ARE WRONG,  AS IT IS THE LIMITED UNDERSTANDING OF A WESTERNER

ALL THOSE WHO WANT TO KNOW THE TRUTH  ABOUT THE SUBVERTED GLORIOUS HISTORY OF INDIA BY GREEDY VATICAN AND ROTHSCHILD JEWS-- PL PUNCH INTO GOOGLE SEARCH TO ACCESS THE FOLLOWING  BLOG POSTS—



MOTHER OF ALL CIVILIZATIONS SARASWATI 9000 BC- VADAKAYIL

ALOE VERA SOCOTRA VIKRAMADITYA PETRA- VADAKAYIL

ISAAC NEWTON THE CALCULUS THIEF- VADAKAYIL

I AM A PROUD HINDU- VADAKAYIL

DALTONS ATOMIC THEORY, SAGE KASHYAPA, TESLA – VADAKAYIL

SRI YANTRA AND THE EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS- VADAKAYIL

SCHRODINGER THE FATHER OF QUANTUM PHYSICS AND VEDANTA- VADAKAYIL

MYSTERY OF THE STONE HENGE SOLVED- VADAKAYIL

FATHER OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4000 BC- VADAKAYIL

IMHOTEP PATRON SAINT OF FREE MASONS- VADAKAYIL

IBN BATUTTA AT CALICUT- VADAKAYIL

SECRET EXCAVATIONS AT JERUSALEM BY TEMPLAR KNIGHTS- VADAKAYIL

SRI YANTRA AND THEORY OF EVERYTHING- VADAKAYIL

MYSTERIES BENEATH THE EGYPTIAN SPHINX- VADAKAYIL

YIN YANG TAMAS RAJAS – VADAKAYIL

PERFECT SIX PACK- VADAKAYIL


I must express my gratitude to the flower children ( the hippies of the sixties ) who took on the big brother establishment  by their short  curlies and won —and gave this planet the apple, internet information superhighway and the great Google.

To make my job easier I must first tell an imaginary jungle story.

Inside a unused well in the Indian Jungle , there were two lame frogs. 


They thought that the dark well  and the small round blue sky they saw on top was the cosmos.   Till one day during unusually heavy rains, the water level of this well came up and both jumped out on to terra firma.  


Excited they hopped along till they saw two child animals playing football.  Immediately one of the frogs cried that  the ball was manufactured by his great grandfather and established ownership over it. 


The hopped along and wherever they went they gave cock and bull croaking stories of how their ancestors literally invented, discovered , built and made everything in the jungle. 



They were so shrewd and slimy  in their approach that very soon even the King lion was made to believe that the deep jungle belonged to these frogs, and lived in psychological subjugation.  


Blah Blah -- Every fruit tree was planted by our ancestors, every lake was dug by our ancestors ---- Blah Blah —


These two frogs are the equivalent of German Friedrich Max Muller, and Englishman Thomas Babington Macaulay.


 

Macaulay under instructions from the Vatican and told Max Muller how to subvert and hijack world history.


The whole of the white Western civilization came out from the Quaternary ice age in 9500 BC and then they went around writing history of ancient civilisations , pretty much the way the two lame frogs did hoppety -hop and skippety skip , all around the jungle .


This gruesome twosome re-invented the wrote of Indian history and civilization in the 18th century, to suit Vatican.


Muller with the help of opium running Rothschilds family did massive cock and bull propaganda . 


That he learnt Sanskrit , the oldest language in the world , --- that he did his PhD from Leipzig university ---- that he was in India examining how the Aryans from Europe invaded India and drove the indigenous Dravidian inhabitants to the south , and how they invented Sanskrit and wrote the Vedas .


In one single master stoke he gave the credit of every ancient Indian Hindu vedic work in language, Science, Mathematics , Astronomy etc.to the blonde blue eyed Christian white man, as dictated by Vatican.



When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in Sanskrit. Vaticn was eager to prove that the big bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500 BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) . BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot of Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out of India, with their Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm ) as modern DNA tests have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . The Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican.




Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older. Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for Guru Brihaspati. .  Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan war where Helen was stolen.
Several people came to India to get a cure for epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights. 

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician. 

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract. 

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang thing--
- but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1 mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before  Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the same thing via advanced Calculus. 

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years before Pythagoras  was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .  And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh  Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below. 

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. 

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge .

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.
So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff. 

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) . 

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale.
The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the west.  

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics ( magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.    

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus, however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever. 

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death.
Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search-
MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the 5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation known to me.” 
  
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just for kicks.  

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger .  Such jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan ( Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. ( AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of devotees. 

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas), however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara, ‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’). 

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit, bhakti, ‘devotion’).  And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter ( heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew. 

 Bartholomew is one of the 12 disciples of Jesus and ismentioned in three Synoptic gospels: Matthew,[10:1–4] Mark,[3:13–19] and Luke,[6:12–16] and also appears as one of the witnesses of the Ascension[Acts 1:4,12,13]; however, each time he is named in the company of Philip.  He is not mentioned in Gospel of John.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.  Kosmas was the author of a stolen world-geography and a book on stolen Kerala astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of consciousness, and there also sight is created from 
understanding.  For there understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from visible light.”

Consciousness ? 

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history—


Grace and peace!
*******************************************************************************
OLDEST CIVILIZATION OF THE PLANET- PART 2- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

OLDEST CIVILIZATION OF THE WORLD--   HIJACKED AND STOLEN HISTORY OF INDIA— VATICAN INSPIRED ZIONIST JEWS ROTHSCHILD ARYAN CONSPIRACY 




THE VIDEO TIME SCALES ARE WRONG, AS IT IS THE LIMITED UNDERSTANDING OF A WESTERNER

ALL THOSE WHO WANT TO KNOW THE TRUTH ABOUT THE SUBVERTED GLORIOUS HISTORY OF INDIA BY GREEDY VATICAN AND ROTHSCHILD JEWS-- PL PUNCH INTO GOOGLE SEARCH TO ACCESS THE FOLLOWING BLOG POSTS—

MOTHER OF ALL CIVILIZATIONS SARASWATI 9000 BC- VADAKAYIL

ALOE VERA SOCOTRA VIKRAMADITYA PETRA- VADAKAYIL

ISAAC NEWTON THE CALCULUS THIEF- VADAKAYIL

I AM A PROUD HINDU- VADAKAYIL

DALTONS ATOMIC THEORY, SAGE KASHYAPA, TESLA – VADAKAYIL

SRI YANTRA AND THE EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS- VADAKAYIL

SCHRODINGER THE FATHER OF QUANTUM PHYSICS AND VEDANTA-VADAKAYIL

MYSTERY OF THE STONE HENGE SOLVED- VADAKAYIL

FATHER OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4000 BC- VADAKAYIL

IMHOTEP PATRON SAINT OF FREE MASONS- VADAKAYIL

IBN BATUTTA AT CALICUT- VADAKAYIL

SECRET EXCAVATIONS AT JERUSALEM BY TEMPLAR KNIGHTS-VADAKAYIL

SRI YANTRA AND THEORY OF EVERYTHING- VADAKAYIL

MYSTERIES BENEATH THE EGYPTIAN SPHINX- VADAKAYIL

YIN YANG TAMAS RAJAS – VADAKAYIL

PERFECT SIX PACK- VADAKAYIL



I must express my gratitude to the flower children ( the hippies of the sixties ) who took on the big brother establishment  by their short  curlies and won —and gave this planet the apple, internet information superhighway and the great Google.

To make my job easier I must first tell an imaginary jungle story.

Inside a unused well in the Indian Jungle , there were two lame frogs. 



They thought that the dark well  and the small round blue sky they saw on top was the cosmos.   Till one day during unusually heavy rains, the water level of this well came up and both jumped out on to terra firma.  



Excited they hopped along till they saw two child animals playing football.  Immediately one of the frogs cried that  the ball was manufactured by his great grandfather and established ownership over it. 



The hopped along and wherever they went they gave cock and bull croaking stories of how their ancestors literally invented, discovered , built and made everything in the jungle. 



They were so shrewd and slimy  in their approach that very soon even the King lion was made to believe that the deep jungle belonged to these frogs, and lived in psychological subjugation.  



Blah Blah -- Every fruit tree was planted by our ancestors, every lake was dug by our ancestors ---- Blah Blah —



These two frogs are the equivalent of German Friedrich Max Muller, and Englishman Thomas Babington Macaulay.




Macaulay under instructions from the Vatican and told Max Muller how to subvert and hijack world history.



The whole of the white Western civilization came out from the Quaternary ice age in 9500 BC and then they went around writing history of ancient civilisations , pretty much the way the two lame frogs did hoppety -hop and skippety skip , all around the jungle .



This gruesome twosome re-invented the wrote of Indian history and civilization in the 18th century, to suit Vatican.



Muller with the help of opium running Rothschilds family did massive cock and bull propaganda . 


That he learnt Sanskrit , the oldest language in the world , --- that he did his PhD from Leipzig university ---- that he was in India examining how the Aryans from Europe invaded India and drove the indigenous Dravidian inhabitants to the south , and how they invented Sanskrit and wrote the Vedas .



In one single master stoke he gave the credit of every ancient Indian Hindu vedic work in language, Science, Mathematics , Astronomy etc.to the blonde blue eyed Christian white man, as dictated by Vatican.



When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in Sanskrit. Vaticn was eager to prove that the big bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500 BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) . BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot of Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out of India, with their Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm ) as modern DNA tests have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . The Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican.


Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth. 

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon.. 

The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun . 

Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms

Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms

Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms

Diameter of moon 3499 kms

Diametr of earth 12798 kms

The Bhagavad Purana Canto 5, verse 2 says “The sun globe, which is a source of heat, has a width (vistaratah) of 10,000 yojanas. The moon has a width of 25 yojanas”

1 Yojana is 140 kms ( this distance is modern linear - NOT the energy spiral time/ distance path which is mentioned in all our Puranas ).  In reality everything on this cosmos from Macro to Micro   is  spiral energy .

In linear time Prakritti (manifest creation) came forth from the Purusha (the absolute beyond anything created). It is a point from which all came into being. In non-linear time, this point is always present where the ‘nothing’ and the ‘something’ connect beyond words. This space is 108.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/07/oort-cloud-hindu-yugas-and-breath-of.html

Yojana/ Yugas  has been poison injected by the white invader to make Hindus look stupid.  BR Ambedkar was given a list of poison injectd spots in our Vedas / Upanishads/ Puranas and he wrote a book ( Riddles in Hindusim ) as if he is a great Vedic Pandit who knows Sanskrit and who has read all our ancient scriptures.

When you look at the Sun and the Moon from earth they are perceived as the SAME size, this same size appears because of their distance and diameters.

The 108 division is the coming together of Purusha and Prakriti. It is the vibration of the Purusha and Prakriti that has put us into existence.

In Ayurveda there are a 108 marmas in the body. They are points where consciousness impinges the body that can heal or kill a living being.

They are vital points where consciousness connects to the body, where Purusha (consciousness) is brought into Prakriti (body) to give life to the living being. When we recite Sanskrit Mantras  108 times it acts as a Kavach (protection) to each Marma.

The 108 intersections on the Sri Yantra  invoke the cosmic balance of Purusha and Prakriti and the primordial ability of the seer Maharishi to see both clearly.

Nine is connected to Ketu, the moksa Karaka (liberation)

In Sri Yantra there are 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4 point upwards.  The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the 10000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship between pi and phi . 

The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt.

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

Numerologically, nine is a very special number, it always returns to itself. Look how it behaves with other numbers:
9 x 1 = 9
9 x 2 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 3 = 27, 2 + 7 = 9
9 x 4 = 36, 3 + 6 = 9
9 x 5 = 45, 4 + 5 = 9
9 x 6 = 54, 5 + 4 = 9
9 x 7 = 63, 6 + 3 = 9
9 x 8 = 72, 7 + 2 = 9
9 x 9 = 81, 8 + 1 = 9
9 x 10=90, 9 + 0 = 9
9 x 11=99, 9 + 9 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 12 = 108

108 is the numerical equivalent of Hindu King Mantra OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  A rudraksha mala woen by an ancinent maharishi had 108 beads .

When the ocean of milk ( Akash Ganga- milky way of the cosmos  ) was churned in the beginning of time, it could only be done with the working unity of the positive and negative cosmic forces-  devas (gods) and asuras (demons).

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles. This forms the basis of Dvaita Hinduism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology.

The pineal gland produces AMRIT- Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith..

You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . 

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. 

THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. 

They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.

To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. 

Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA. 

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. 

The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness

This churning allows the kundalini to rise on the mountain axis ( meru)  of our spine with the turtle of the root chakra below. Wife Parvati rising to meet husband Shiva at the Sahasrara Chakra- the gate at Sushumna Nadi being opened by her son Ganesha at Muladhara Chakra.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Kalari talks about 108 marmas. 

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons ) . The rest are too short lived.

The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes. 

The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through hyperspace—the THEORY OF EVERYTHING is inherent in this mystic 3D geometry.

The heat of the big bang cooked up and created the elements in Dimitri Mendeleev's periodic table. Sanskrit and Malayalam has 54 alphabets.

Vishnu avatar Varaha boar placed 108 in the cosmic equation .  Mind you, the Muslims stopped worshipping at Babri Masjid at Ayodhya after they saw the boar statues. They equated it with PIG.

In the Varaka avatar , Vishnu as the boar  carried the Earth out of the ocean between his tusks and restored it to its place in the universe and later killed Hinranyaksha ( Jaya ) . 

 THIS IS AN AMAZING ALLEGORY.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam
tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara

"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks." - (S.Baghawatam. 2.7.1)

See the divine magic.

We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?    

During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the sun—this again requires some fixing right?  

For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter. 

There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this in our Vedas in 5000 BC.

Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the major Puranas.

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC

‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)

Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this-
Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.

This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.

The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know that. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical cord. They can have dreams. The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with humans.  It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans.

Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins. Pigs can see in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

Vishnu first Matsya avatar was a DOLPHIN –that is why NO human being eats dolphin. 

In this purana ,  the dolphin saved the Vedas , which contained the blue prints for the cosmos and DNA codes of life on earth.  It has been proved recently that dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures. 

They are conscious animals and pass the mirror test.  Only humans , Indian elephants  and apes like bonobos and dolphins pass the mirror test. Dolphins are second only to humans in smartness. MRI scans indicate that these marine mammals are self-aware. Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to be present only in humans.

Christianity lifted the story to have a male and female specimen of each species in a stupid NOAH s ark. While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA codes.

nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai:
antha: thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam /
nishprathyooha tharanga ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa
Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha: maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING:
“The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC

The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz.-

The sound emitted by the dolphins, has a frequency of 7.83 hertz which is the same as the Hindu king Mantra OM and the earth’s heart beat ( Schumann’s resonance ) .   Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. No Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM . 

From the conch OM sound comes as its innards are shaped by the morphogenetic consciousness field or BrahmAn.  Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts.   This sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide.

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing. When you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786 -- the holy number on every Koran.

Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

Humans cannot hear less than 20 Hertz- but our hearts can hear it.


Dolphins are attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation during underwater research.
*******************************************************************************
OLDEST CIVILIZATION OF THE PLANET -- PART 3 -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

OLDEST CIVILIZATION OF THE WORLD--  THE STOLEN SCIENTIFIC AND MATHEMATICAL HERITAGE OF INDIA -- VATICAN INSPIRED ROTHSCHILD CONSPIRACY.




THE VIDEO TIME SCALES ARE WRONG, AS IT IS THE LIMITED UNDERSTANDING OF A WESTERNER

ALL THOSE WHO WANT TO KNOW THE TRUTH ABOUT THE SUBVERTED GLORIOUS HISTORY OF INDIA BY GREEDY ROTHSCHILD JEWS-- PL PUNCH INTO GOOGLE SEARCH TO ACCESS THE FOLLOWING BLOG POSTS—

MOTHER OF ALL CIVILIZATIONS SARASWATI 9000 BC- VADAKAYIL

ALOE VERA SOCOTRA VIKRAMADITYA PETRA- VADAKAYIL

ISAAC NEWTON THE CALCULUS THIEF- VADAKAYIL

I AM A PROUD HINDU- VADAKAYIL

DALTONS ATOMIC THEORY, SAGE KASHYAPA, TESLA – VADAKAYIL

SRI YANTRA AND THE EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS- VADAKAYIL

SCHRODINGER THE FATHER OF QUANTUM PHYSICS AND VEDANTA-VADAKAYIL

MYSTERY OF THE STONE HENGE SOLVED- VADAKAYIL

FATHER OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4000 BC- VADAKAYIL

IMHOTEP PATRON SAINT OF FREE MASONS- VADAKAYIL

IBN BATUTTA AT CALICUT- VADAKAYIL

SECRET EXCAVATIONS AT JERUSALEM BY TEMPLAR KNIGHTS-VADAKAYIL

SRI YANTRA AND THEORY OF EVERYTHING- VADAKAYIL

MYSTERIES BENEATH THE EGYPTIAN SPHINX- VADAKAYIL

YIN YANG TAMAS RAJAS – VADAKAYIL

PERFECT SIX PACK- VADAKAYIL



I must express my gratitude to the flower children ( the hippies of the sixties ) who took on the big brother establishment  by their short  curlies and won —and gave this planet the apple, internet information superhighway and the great Google.

To make my job easier I must first tell an imaginary jungle story.

Inside a unused well in the Indian Jungle , there were two lame frogs. 



They thought that the dark well  and the small round blue sky they saw on top was the cosmos.   Till one day during unusually heavy rains, the water level of this well came up and both jumped out on to terra firma.  



Excited they hopped along till they saw two child animals playing football.  Immediately one of the frogs cried that  the ball was manufactured by his great grandfather and established ownership over it. 



The hopped along and wherever they went they gave cock and bull croaking stories of how their ancestors literally invented, discovered , built and made everything in the jungle. 



They were so shrewd and slimy  in their approach that very soon even the King lion was made to believe that the deep jungle belonged to these frogs, and lived in psychological subjugation.  



Blah Blah -- Every fruit tree was planted by our ancestors, every lake was dug by our ancestors ---- Blah Blah —



These two frogs are the equivalent of German Friedrich Max Muller, and Englishman Thomas Babington Macaulay.




Macaulay under instructions from the Vatican and told Max Muller how to subvert and hijack world history.



The whole of the white Western civilization came out from the Quaternary ice age in 9500 BC and then they went around writing history of ancient civilisations , pretty much the way the two lame frogs did hoppety -hop and skippety skip , all around the jungle .



This gruesome twosome re-invented the wrote of Indian history and civilization in the 18th century, to suit Vatican.



Muller with the help of opium running Rothschilds family did massive cock and bull propaganda . 


That he learnt Sanskrit , the oldest language in the world , --- that he did his PhD from Leipzig university ---- that he was in India examining how the Aryans from Europe invaded India and drove the indigenous Dravidian inhabitants to the south , and how they invented Sanskrit and wrote the Vedas .



In one single master stoke he gave the credit of every ancient Indian Hindu vedic work in language, Science, Mathematics , Astronomy etc.to the blonde blue eyed Christian white man, as dictated by Vatican.



When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in Sanskrit. Vaticn was eager to prove that the big bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500 BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) . BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot of Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out of India, with their Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm ) as modern DNA tests have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . The Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican.
*******************************************************************************
FREEMASON LODGE OF CALICUT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
WHY FREEMASONS DONT ALLOW WOMEN -- 

"SCRATCHING EACH OTHERS BACKS" SOCIETY---  "PULLING STRINGS FOR SUSTAINING CORRUPTION " SOCIETY--  





advise , advise honourable Freemason gentlemen--  



the Lokpal bill is comin' -- be careful while you do the scratching and pulling -- lest you land up in the doghouse-- 



big brother group under Anna Hazare is getting polarised elsewhere -- and he is gonna kick the butts of the "pullin' strings and swiss bank party".






Yesterday I had to go to Kendriya Vidyalaya East Hill for a old students get together. I went into Google earth and found out where the new building i s-- 

I noted that the Calicut Free Masons lodge was nearby .

While driving to the school, few thoughts crossed my mind--

Do these Freemason members wearing ridiculous dresses and feeling terribly important , undergoing bizarre initiation ceremonies and giving each other fancy WORSHIPFUL titles-- do they really know what they are into?



Do these naive " frogs in the well "  know the gruesome history of Calicut Free Mason lodge, when the white man held session ?   This 125 years old lodge was near St Joseph's school, Calicut.


Do the Freemasons all over the world really know why women are NOT allowed to be a lodge member?

Do they even know who NIMROD is?

How naive can you get?

Freemasons give an official response in their web sites as follows--

Freemasonry is a fraternal organisation firmly entrenched in tradition and history. The original Constitutions were published in 1723 and are fundamentally what all Freemasons all over the world are united by and adhere to. To change these Constitutions to allow women to become members would require Lodges throughout the world to agree to the change. As cultures are so diverse and vary so dramatically in terms of social structure and gender relations, making this fundamental change to the Constitutions would be extremely difficult--BLAH BLAH

OK, we got it-- it ain't no sorority,   it's a fraternity--

THE REAL REASON IS WOMEN LOVE TO GOSSIP AND THE BEANS WILL BE SPILT. 

YOU CANT LET SECRETS OUT WHEN YOU ARE IN THE DRUG RUNNING , MONEY LAUNDERING , SCRATCHING EACH OTHERS BACKSIDES ,  AND DIRTY MONEY BUSINESS.

First of all the secret Freemasons lodge never permitted any public revelations , as to who are the members are what they do within their 4 walls -- this is NOT a Rotary Club or Lions Club--

So having a web site , shows that the modern Freemasons really do not know why they do all this cloak and dagger dramas-- as a tradition ( sic!).


punch into Google search --

THE DRUG RUNNERS OF INDIA- VADAKAYIL

DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY - VADAKAYIL

THE OPIUM RAJA RAM MOHAN ROY- VADAKAYIL

DRUG RUNNING TAGORE FAMILY- VADAKAYIL

Now for peoplewho are interested in reading clandestine financial operations , in laundering the drug money- punch into Google search the following--

WORTH MORE THAN THE SUM TOTAL OF ENTIRE FORBES LIST- VADAKAYIL

or-- in making dirty money out of spoils of war and human suffering--

WINSTON CHURCHILL, HENCHMAN OF HERO- VADAKAYIL

MURKY TRUTHS OF SEPOYS MUTINY 1857- VADAKAYIL

WIKEPEDIA BIG BROTHER'S PROPAGANDA MACHINE- VADAKAYIL

And here is something for people who love our country-- otherwise please don't be hypocrites by singing the National anthem on 15th August. 

Dont screw up India again --

Learn the history of your organisation-- and its true motives --


The Freemasons who were basically filthy rich Jew Opium drug runners, found it convenient to enroll one important member of every branch of various professions into their elite club— police, lawyers, judges, policemen, rich money bags, educational faculty etc. They all scratched each other’s back and as such it was beneficial for all. What persuasion could not,  money power and muscle did the trick. They had a secretive handshake too 


I do know what happens at Freemason lodges--



I do know how modern members help each other out in a corrupt 

and selfish manner -- circumventing rules ,laws and society norms -

- all under the smoke screen of charity work.




but that will be another post, right?-- 



Below: Sadguru Jaggi Vasudev at the Chennai Freemason's lodge-- he spoke for more than an hour.





Below Varanasi !



Below: Amritsar


Below: Chennai 

Below: Delhi




Below: Trichy 

Below: Mumbai







Below: England !


WHEN JUDGES , LAWYERS, POLICE,  MAFIA, INDUSTRIALISTS , POLITICIANS, MEDIA BARONS HAVE A SECRET CLUB  -- mostly immigrant races like Kerala Sryian Jews, Chitpavan Jews, Marwari Jews, Parsis, separatists  etc 

WHITHER DEMOCRACY ?

Grace and peace!
*******************************************************************************
OLD ALUMNI MEET, KENDRIYA VIDYALAYA NO 1 , KOZHIKODE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


In the picture above "yours truly" is right under the thumb --in shades and black spotted shirt.





14TH AUG 2011 -- OLD STUDENTS RE-UNION , CENTRAL SCHOOL - EAST HILL , CALICUT.



Cant put too many words in this mushy post-- 




The old Alumni meet of Kendriya Vidyalaya No1 , Calicut on 14th August 2011 , ( first at 0900 AM for a regular kids type morning assembly at school and then for a evening bash at Calicut Towers ) was truly a nostalgic affair -- 

-- rather one of quantum reminiscence.




Chanting the assembly prayer ASTO MA SADH GAMAYA  after nearly 4 decades -- could not believe it was all lodged firmly in my sub-conscious. It flowed out like a river.





Ephemeral disjointed memories resurrected to their colourful old splendour.   

Some of us were meeting after 4 decades.   

It was magic weaving time, and this hardcore sailor felt truly vulnerable after a very long time. 




What with my subconscious spewing like mad -- 

quantum waves of presence swirling around waves of loss-- 

my consciousness collapsing them for yet another one to rise --- 

sentiments and remembrance tumbling over each other like crazy -- 


so much of clean bacchanalia -- leg pullin' , reminding each other of our first crushes and loves -- unadulterated fun--

my emotional chords doing the sweet twang all the while -- 







--and then old student and national singer Chitra Iyer with her killer eyes ,went on stage , and belted out the soulful Lagja Gale Laga -- 

and sprayed such sweet sorrow on us -- 


Jeez!!  

Love is powerful enough, but if you mix it with nostalgia , it becomes too potent and gives you a dull pain on the left hand side of your chest.








Lyrics translated to English, as 80% of my readers are foreigners.

sweetheart come, take me in your arms -- we may never have such a lovely night again — we may never get such a chance in this lifetime — come into my arms — we are indeed fortunate to have this timeless moment — let us gaze at each other to our hearts contents — come to me sweetheart, let me cry once again in your arms — for I know not, when my tears of love will ever flow again--


Lag Ja Gale Ki Phir
ye Hasin Raat Ho Na Ho
shayad Phir Is Janam Mein
mulakat Ho Na Ho
lag Jaa Gale Se ...

hum Ko Mili Hai Aaj
ye Ghadiya Naseeb Se
je Bhar Ke Dekh Leejiye
hamako Kareeb Se
phir Apke Naseeb Mein
ye Raat Ho Na Ho
phir Is Janaam Mein
mulakaat Ho Na Ho

lag Ja Gale Ki Phir
ye Hasin Raat Ho Na Ho??

pas Aiye Ki Ham Nahin
ayenge Baar Baar
bahen Gale Mein Daal Ke
ham Ro Le Zaar-Zaar
ankhoon Se Phir Ye
pyaar Ki Barsaat Ho Na Ho
shayad Phir Is Janam Mein
mulakat Ho Na Ho


lag Ja Gale Ki Phir
ye Hasin Raat Ho Na Ho
shayad Phir Is Janam Mein
mulakat Ho Na Ho
lag Jaa Gale Se ...











Below: Having a tete e tete with my ex-principal Mrs.Vijayalakshmi -- student and English teacher, meeting after 43 years.










In the seventies, our school used to take the prize for all Inter school competitions, be brawn or brain. 

I met two girls and when we reminisced , we realised that in the group photo with the trophy which came in the 1970 newspaper ( our school had won the district inter-school athletic championship at Mananchira maidan ) both were sitting right in front of me. My contribution was a modest bronze in the 200 metres race.



I felt sad to see my childhood hero, MV Prakash sitting quietly in a corner, away from the limelight.  A lot was said that day about famous brother / sister combinations, in the quiz programme.  Well what do they know?  

Let me put on record via this post, that none can come anywhere near the Prakash/ Devprasad/ Srilata combination on the nineteen sixtees. The trio would come to school in a open Jeep with one of the brothers driving.

Prakash was the hero of Calicut, NOT just of our school, as his pole vault records were unsurpassed for many years.  He would NOT compete in the heats and would say "pass" every time the bar was raised -- and when all the also-rans had fallen by the wayside, he would give that final Sergei Bubka vault, to set a new meet record.  He used to be quite humble about the whole thing. And everybody knew he would do it.  No hype, no hooplah, no victory laps.  Devprasad , always smiling, was the Carl Lewis of our school.  And Srilata was so shy-- she is still the same.





In the annual day celebrations, Principal OP Gupta would want a Kalari sword fight between the brothers Prakash and Devprasad. It was a indeed a terrific sight to see clanging swords and scattering sparks --

-- memories become alive , when you step back in time.

I HAVE A MESSAGE FOR ALL TEACHERS IN INDIA --

DONT RAISE COWARDS!




Let the colts run free-- do NOT crush their spirit -- 


there is zilch intelligence in turning the other cheek, after being slaves for 800 years-- 


this is what Abraham Lincoln told his son's teacher-- I will highlight a few neglected items--

He will have to learn, I know, 
That all men are not just, 
All men are not true.

But teach him also that
For every scoundrel there is a hero
That for every selfish politician
There is a dedicated leader

Teach him for every enemy there is a friend
It will take time, I know
But teach him if you can
That a dollar earned is of far more value 
Than five found
Teach him to learn to lose
And also to enjoy winning
Steer him away from envy if you can
Teach him the secret of quiet laughter


Let him learn early that

The bullies are the easiest to lick

Teach him if you can
The wonder of books

But also give him quiet time
To ponder the eternal mystery of birds in the sky
Bees in the sun
And the flowers on a green hillside

In the school teach him
It is far honourable to fail
Than to cheat

Teach him to have faith
In his own ideas
Even if everyone tells him they are wrong


Teach him to be gentle with gentle people

And tough with the tough
 

Try to give my son the strength not to follow the crowd


When everyone is getting on the band wagon
 

Teach him to listen to all men
But teach him also to filter 
All he hears on a screen of truth
And take only the good
That comes through

Teach him if you can
How to laugh when he is sad
Teach him there is no shame in tears

Teach him to scoff at cynics
And to beware of too much sweetness

Teach him to sell his brawn 
And brain to the highest bidders


But never to put a price-tag
On his heart and soul
Teach him to close his ears
To a howling mob
And to stand and fight
If he thinks he’s right 

Treat him gently
But do not cuddle him
Because only the test of fire
Makes fine steel

Let him have the courage
To be impatient
Let him have the patience to be brave
Teach him always
To have sublime faith in himself
Because then he will have
Sublime faith in mankind

This is a big order
But see what you can do
He is such a fine fellow
My son!





THE CLIP BELOW IS ALL ABOUT QUANTUM CONSTRUCT OF NOSTALGIA--



How will I describe the meet in one word?   

Hmmm!

HEART WARMING !



and this is for my old classmates who have never met my family--  these pictures are ancient nostalgia  -  my elder son is now a computer engineer . In USA , the agents used to tell me that women with half my wife's flowing hair were winning competitions--





Wife Suchitra-- people still ask her how she got such a handsome husband.  We have been married for 28 years .  Since the past 8 years I call her JAI SUCHI,  for she has crossed all hurdles , I threw in her path-- see what a gentleman I am!.


Younger son 

Elder son  -- little acorns of the oak.






My heart beats for this building alone. My old school is now Govt Telephones building. It was the fabulous house a rich man before.
*******************************************************************************
OPIUM DRUG RUNNING TAGORE FAMILY ? — CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


OPIUM KING OF CALCUTTA? , DWARKANATH TAGORE (1794-1846 )— 



GRAND FATHER OF RABINDRANATH TAGORE , THE NOBEL PRIZE WINNER


Two Opium drug runners embezzled from Rothschild’s East India company.  Both though that they could hoodwink vicious Rothschild in the drug business.

Both were invited to Britain ostensibly to be honored in England and France by the Royalty.  Both were secretly slow poisoned to death, after the bulk of the money these thieves looted was retrieved back, and they had served their purpose  — one in 1833 and the other in 1846. 

Both are buried in Britain.


The first to go was Raja Ram Mohan Roy, and the next to go was Dwarkanath Tagore , on 1st Aug 1846 at St George’s hotel in London.
Dwarkanath was the grandfather of Rabindranath Tagore, the Nobel prize winner.  Rabindranath never wrote about his grandfather and he made sure all dubious documents related to him were destroyed in India. 
Both Ram Mohan Roy and Dwarkanath Tagore are buried in Britain. 

See pictures below.






DNA tests can be done to prove the truth, about poisoning .  Raja Ram Mohan Roy’s dead body is missing in any case.


What follows has been gleaned out of old books libraries in London and Felixtowe.  Considerable material is available in  US universities, of the Opium activities of the Bengali Brown Sahibs. 



Even Ghanshyam Das Birla's Calcutta opium records are available .  



Let me quote Wikipedia:

QUOTE - G. D. Birla's father, Baldeodas Birla, was adopted from the Navalgarh Birla family. Baldeodas's fortune was made in partnership with his nephew, Fulchand Sodhani, through speculation in the opium trade running into more than 10 million rupees, in which his elder brother Jugal Kishore Birla had earned a name-UNQUOTE



The drug running Parsees left their trail with Jardine and Matheson offices in Hong Kong. Those days you hide secret documents in dark places , and then forget where you placed them.



In this post I will speak only of  Dwarkanath Tagore- the 

fabulously rich grandfather of Rabindranath Tagore.

Ghansham Birla did NOT have his own ships. 

But Dwarkanath had his own fleet of small and big clipper ships. His smaller clippers SS Ariel and SS Mavis did the drug running routes from Hoogly river and Chalna - Chitttagong rivers, making 2500 % middleman profits.


Dwarkanath even bought himself a big ship SS India on which he travelled to London in style to meet Queen Victoria in Jan 1842.   When he arrived at London, the entire British royalty including Queen Victoria , plus Prime Minister Sir Robert Peel and the Rothschild clan was at the gangway to receive him. 

Rothschild even forced busy Charles Dickens to dine with brown sahib Dwarkanath.

Rothschild got Dwarkanath invited to Paris by the French King Louise Phillipe who came all the way to St Clauden to receive him in Oct 1842..

Why not? 

Dwarkanath was playing King in India. He even established a Bong version of Freemason’s society on 21st March 1838, which admitted greedy Englishmen too.
Raja Ram Mohan Roy was the mentor of Dwarkanath in the Opium Business.  By the time Dwarkanath was 39, Roy was dead and gone. 

Let me quote Wikipedia:-

QUOTE -  Unlike his good friend Rammohan Roy, who pleaded for the rights of the poor ryots, Dwarkanath Tagore was the best corporate minded entrepreneur of his contemporary age. He helped found the first Anglo-Indian Managing Agency (industrial organizations that ran jute mills, coal mines, tea plantations, etc.    Carr, Tagore and Company. Carr, Tagore and Company was one of those Indian private companies engaged in the opium trade with China.   Production of opium was in India and it was sold in China.   When the Chinese protested, the East India company transferred the opium trade to the proxy of certain selected Indian companies, of which this was one.-  UNQUOTE 

While Roy was NOT a hater of common poor Indians, Dwarkanath was a ruthless Zamindar. His cruel and bizarre habits are recorded by a Hessian Kaiser Regiment officer Capt Leopold Orlich.


Rothschild maintained thousands of Hessian mercenaries, and paid them salary by using Opium money. German speaking Hessians fought against Americans in the American war of Independence, and Rothschild took blood money for every slain Prussian.  Hessians were for some strange reason was very loyal to German Jews Rothschild, who owned British east India Company.

The common naïve British John Bull was fighting for drug running Rothschild, NOT for Queen and country, as they were fooled into believing.  So much of zeal and blood gone waste!

Leopold Orlich had written very clearly the gruesome details of the 38 whorehouses and brothels Dwarkanath Tagore ran in Calcutta—including Sonagachi. 



His palatial house was stocked with pretty child prostitutes, as young as 12 years old,  which gave him enough leverage over his British patrons.  

When word of this got to the genteel British elite, he soon became a pariah , with the noble gentry.

Using the tried and tested Raja Ram Mohan Roy method, Dwarkanath got himself the job of accounts in charge of the East Indian Opium sub-station at 24 Parganas, which was under the direct charge of Rothschild British Collector Trevor Plowden..
  


For 5 long years Dwarkanath Tagore stole and lined his nest, till he got caught red handed by Trevor. 

But by then he had made enough money and "whore blackmailed clout" to start his own company Carr Tagore and Company—giving stiff competition to Calcutta Parsee drug runner Rustomejee Cowasjee.  

He had his opium fields in Bangladesh and Assam too.  He earned himself the title of “ Rothschild of Bengal”, and “ Black Prince “  for his boldness and opulent lifestyle, with hundreds of servants.


Rothschild could NOT get back all the embezzled money, for Dwarkanath had invested it in huge estates in Behrampur, Pandua, Kaligram and Shehazadpur.  He declared himself bankrupt, but then Rothschilds don’t get so easily fooled—and retribution is most severe on their own turf. .   
Rabindranath Tagore inherited these secret deeds.  Amarya Sen the Nobel Prize winner for economics and his Rothschild wife are very keen to holiday at Shantiniketan now-a-days..




Below: Above was Tagore palace in full opium wealth splendour  at Pathuriaghata
The below is the same structure-- DEGRADED -- like how opium degrades health and mind.







Dwarkanath’s son Debendranath surfaced some of this hidden money and bought land from Zamindar SP Sinha in Nikdanga, which is the current day Shantiniketan.  The local farmers were driven away from there, after a revolution against British, when they refused to cultivate crops which they did NOT want to grow..


Debendranath survived by money lending  (the hidden money of his father Dwarkanath ), plus spoils from his father’s shares in Mackintosh and Co and Union Bank..


In these modern times drug runners use paper shredders and incinerators and time bound self destructing computers , to hide their dubious past and to cover their tracks. 

Jardine and Matheson has been so naïve in this regard, at Hongkong, Singapore and Canton -- that they left a huge amount of shipping orders, challans , Mates receipts , Bills of lading copies and signed letter correspondence..


There are thousands of Opium records in US universities funded by Opium money like Yale University, Columbia University , Princeton University, Harward University, Carnegie Melon University , Chicago University, John Hopkins School of Pubic health, Rockfeller University  and Ivy League universities, still being exhumed and researched.

There has been a spurt of Opium interest after my post DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY –VADAKAYIL was discussed on a couple of US radio channels.



BITS Pilani Univeristy was founded by Ghanshyam Das Birla using Opium drug money in 1929--  as was the fashion , in those days.

Parsi opium drug runner Cowa#jee Readym0ney made Elphinstone College.  Opium drug runner Jam#hedji Nusserwanji Ta#a made the Indian Institute of Science in 1911.  Opium drug runner Hormusjee M0#i made Hongkong University in 1911.  Opium drug runner Cowasjee Jeha#gir made a big part of Mumbai University.

Let us NOT be under any illusion that this is a philantropic exercise. Say, if you own a prestigious Medical College , many powerful members of the society, like politicians, police, judges, income tax officers will want to get free admission for their sons and daughters cirumventing merit-- this is how you grab the ultimate intoxicating power.You extract your pound of flesh when the time is right. This was the purpose of ivy league universities in USA for the super rich and powerful.

To read more about Parsi dirty opium drug money, punch into Google search DRUG RUNNERS OF INDIA VADAKAYIL



Don't bother to search the tiny library of BITS Pilani, for opium running records -- Rajasthani Marwari , Ghanshyam Birla has made sure it will NOT exist.

If Mahatma Gandhi had known about all this probably he would have never ever stayed at Birla house, made with Opium money. Well those days there was NO internet.

Ghanshyam's brother Jugal Kishore Birla ( of JK brand fame ) made his money with Malwa opium on the west coast of India-- basically the left overs of the Mumbai Parsis and Rothschild agent Bagdhadi Jew Sassoon. .  Marwari Rajastani JK Birla had Sir Swaroop chand Hukam Chand  ( Jain ) for company in the opium drug running business.

Dwarakanath Tagore,  was appointed by Rothschild as the  Dewan of the Board of Customs, Salt & Opium , serving as an employee of the British East India Company. It was Dwarkanath Tagore who funded and launched Raja Ram Mohan Roy’s Bengali weekly Sambad Koumudi in 1821.

Immediately after Dwarkanath’s death his fabulous business empire was divided within the 3 sons of Dwarkanath.  Devendranath Tagore  the eldest son was not keen in actively looking into the shady but profitable  business affairs , his fathers legacy--  and the job was shouldered by Girindranath Tagore, one of the younger brothers of Devendranath.

Debendranath Tagore’s mother ( Dwarkanath wife ) was a devout Vaishnavite vegetarian Hindu and she was repulsed by the opium and sex business of her husband Dwarakanath Tagore. It is alleged that she would take a bath if her husband even touched her .

Debendranath Tagore’s ( Rabindranath Tagore’ father ) considerable material property included estates spread over several districts of Bengal; most famously, the Santiniketan estate near Bolpur in the Birbhum district, a later acquisition, where his eldest son Dwijendranath Tagore set up his school.


It can be safely said that the Tagore family was NOT proud of the legacy of Dwaraknath Tagore , in as much as this affluent family neglected the grave of Dwarkanath in London. It was in a very bad state and in 1976,  during the Emergency rule , the Indian High Comission took responsibility for maintenance of the grave and gave the grave a facelift. 

Imagine British East India company sent a scout Job Charnock (1630 -1692 ) who had an Indian wife, to buy out 3 villages on the banks of the Hooghly- Govindpur, Sutanuti and Kalikkata, which in his opinion was the best place with the best hinterland to have a future Opium export port-- away from the salt laden air of the Bay of Bengal.

Job Charnock's wife was a young Rajput widow. He claims to have saved her from Sati.  Job Charnock converted himself to Hinduism after his wife died.  It is on record that that he sacrificed a young rooster cock every year on his wife's grave, till he died. There was NO practise of Sati in Bengal as Raja Ram Mohan Roy had claimed, on behalf of the East India Company , his employer.

 

By the way--

Rabindranath Tagore and the Tagore family are members of Piral Brahmin group. The term "Pirali" historically carried a stigmatized and pejorative connotation; its eponym is the vizier Mohammad Tahir Pir Ali, who served under a governor of Jessore.  

Pir Ali was a Brahmin Hindu who converted to Islam;   his actions resulted in the additional conversion of two Brahmins brothers.  As a result, orthodox Hindu society shunned the brothers' Hindu relatives (who had not converted), and the descendants of these Hindu relatives became known as the Pirali Brahmins — among whom numbered the Tagores. 

This unorthodox background ultimately led the Tagore family to dispense with many of the customs followed by orthodox Brahmins and subsequently they embraced the Brahmo sect of Hinduism.

CLICK ON THE LINK BELOW -- 

THE SOUTH OF INDIA PRODUCED DEVADASIS SO THAT THE WHITE SKINNED SOLDIER COULD FU#K ,  EVERYDAY --  FREE  --

SONAGACHI WHOREHOUSE ,  WAS FOR THE ELITE WHITE OFFICERS ,  THE BEST UNDERAGE GIRLS AND BOYS WAS WHAT THEY WANTED-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html


Below: Dwaraknath Tagore was the son of Ramlochan.   Tagore family were Pirali Brahmins ( Muslims ). No high caste Hindu family would give their sons and daughters to the Pirali Muslims.


Joyram worked as an amin in the settlement operation of the 24- Parganas when Nawab Mir Zafar gifted the territory to Robert Clive as a personal jaygir in 1757. Joyram had connections with both British and French branches of Rothschild.


Adam Smith used this PEARL HARBOUR or LOUSITANIA type cause to start the Battle of Plassey in 1757, for East India Company to take over India. 

The battle itself is a white lie. The battle never took place. Siraj Ud Daula was killed before even a single shot was fired by his brother-in-law and army Commander Mir Jaffar, who was bribed by Rothschild employee Robert Clive. 

Mir Jaffar was made a stooge Nawab and in return he gave a lot of Siraj Ud Daula's gold and diamonds for Robert Clive to take home personally in secrecy. Clive wanted to squeeze him more and when unable to milk him further, shoved off Mir Jaffar and put his rival Mir Qasim as the Satrap.

Grace and peace!
*******************************************************************************
FROM ALIZEE TO SALMA-BALMA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

"BUBBLY" ALIZEE JACOTEY TO "SENSUOUS" SALMA HAYEK -- take your pick.








Have been sailing around this planet for 4 decades.  Mexican night clubs , especially the ones near the US border, -- they rock -- nay-- they kick ass. 

The women are feminine , have wide hip bones , and know the meaning of showmanship -- they are killers.  (  Our Raj Kapoor thinks, walking like Charlie Chaplin , with his gargantuan ass bouncing, can make him a showman )

Some of these discos have terrific BOSE speakers rigged facing down from the ceiling.

Lolita Alizee ( French ) got everybody jumpin' and clapping-- in Mexico City ( 26th June 2008 ).  electro pop, foot thumpin' good , sans melody--

Salma got them into a daze, unable to even breathe --  oozing sex all over the place-- ( despite having snake phobia )  . Hey--all you FTV Big Ethels and wanna-bes' -- this is the type of feminine figure macho-men see in their wet dreams -- OK ?

Alizee-Salma , contrasting styles -- right?

-- this is the meaning of  PERSONAL PIZZAZZ

HOW MANY OF YOU CAN PLAY VEGAS?

Bottom line: My cadets love the fish threatening to peep out from Alizee's bottom.

Lyric of the sultry number ( where Salma-balma is a vampire ) --

Watching her  strolling in the night   
So white wondering why it's only after dark  
In her eyes a  distant fire light burns bright
Wondering why it's only after dark
I find myself in her room  feel the fever of my doom  
Falling falling through the floor 
I'm knocking on the devil's door in the dawn  
I wake up to find her gone  
And a note says only after dark , burning burning in the flame  
Now I know her secret name 
You can tear her temple down  but she'll be back and rule again  
In my heart a deep and dark and lonely part wants her and waits for 
after dark after dark, after dark, after dark
*******************************************************************************
MEDITATION VIA THE BACK DOOR- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


In the video clip below I am "trying" to sing the ROAD TO HELL by Chris Rhea. 

Never been good at singing--

but when the crew  requests the Captain in a party, he just cant be the wet rag. 


 


 

In the video above yours truly is "trying" to sing BEAUTIFUL NOISE by Niel Diamond, and KOI HUM DUM,  NA RAHA by Kishore Kumar.

the guy who strikes a pose on my request is my 2nd Mate from Bangladesh-- a shy soul!



Our get-togethers on board , are to release our locked up stresses, and to let down our hair. 



Every body performs to an appreciative audience. 



It aint no competition.



HERE ARE THE ORIGINALS-













there is no one I can depend on anymore
Now I belong to none and no one belongs to me
in this dusk of loneliness, how will I find my destination
the only  star that lit the path to my destination is no more

cruel world please don't laugh at me,  as I walk away
my beloved is not mine anymore , I know not where I will go
the only person who could call me back,  wont any more--
*******************************************************************************
POLARIS AND THE GREAT BEAR- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Above : Dhruv and the Sapta rishis






SAPTARISHIS-- DRUV -- THE POLE STAR-- NORTH STAR -- THE GREAT DIPPER --URSA MAJOR.




King Uttanapada had two wives. The older one was Suniti and the younger was Suruchi.

Elder Queen Suniti was kind and graceful, and she had a son by the name of Druv.


The younger queen Suruchi was very beautiful, but vain.  She had a son by the name of Uttama.  

Suruchi was afraid Prince Druv would become king as per royal tradition.

The King was under the spell of the dazzling beauty Suruchi.  

Once Druv saw his younger brother Uttam sitting on their father’s lap.  Little Druv asked his father to  give him a seat on his lap too. Pretty soon the king was sitting with both boys on his lap.

This sight infuriated Suruchi who screamed and  made Druv get down from the king’s lap.


The humiliated little child ran to Suneeti and fighting back tears , recounted what had transpired.

He asked his mother “ Is anybody more important and stronger than the king?”

Suneeti consoled little Druv by telling him “ Lord Vishnu is more powerful”

Druv asked “ Where does he live?”

Suniti said “  In those mountains ”

At night Druv slipped away into the darkness , and walked towards the mountains.


He met Sage Narada and asked for advise.  Narad muni dissuaded Druv from undertaking such a difficult task.  



Narada told Druv: "You are young,…even great sages have not achieved the Almighty..."


Seeing Dhruv adamant, sage Narada taught Druv the technique of prayer and asked him to chant the supreme mantra: "Om Namo Bhagavate Vaasudevaaya".


Narada told him to sit where he was and meditate.  Druv started meditating , drinking only water from the Yamuna river. 



He released so much energy that the Saptarishis  ( 7 sages ) got disturbed from their meditation.


They discussed among themselves and came to the unanimous conclusion that only a god can create such tremendous energy. They decided to investigate and were very surprised to see a small child in deep meditation.

The King of Gods Indra got worried . With such energy even his own throne was in danger of getting usurped. He tried his best to disturb the little boy. The seven sages protected the boy .  Druv could not be disturbed, so great was his concentration.

Ultimately Vishnu came and stood in front of the little boy.  The boy opened his eyes, and smiled. The Lord knew that Druv had started his penance, only because he had wanted to sit in his father’s lap, and was not allowed to.  


Vishnu placed Dhruv on his Divine father’s lap as the Pole Star, also known as the North Star.


Vishnu placed the seven sages to protect him, with Kratu and Pulaha in immediate charge.

THUS A SMALL BOY WHO WAS THROWN OUT IN A DISGRACEFUL MANNER FROM THE KING'S LAP,  WAS NOW PERMANENTLY ENSCONSED IN THE LAP OF THE SUPREME COSMIC LORD.


In Hindu astronomy the seven stars of the Saptarshi Mandal or Big Dipper or Ursa Major are named as


Indian Name/   Bayer/  Western name

Kratu/α /Dubhe
Pulaha/β /Merak
Pulastya/γ /Phecda
Atri/δ /Megrez
Angiras/ε /Alioth
Vasishtha/ζ /Mizar
Bhrigu/η /Alkaid



In the picture above, the edge of the inverted sauce pan points to North.


This story written in Sankrit, in our Puranas is 7000 years old—and told to us by our grandmothers. 

But the credit for discovery of Polaris and Great bear constellation of 7 stars is given to Greeko Ptolemy in 140 AD.
The architect Maharshi sage of Bhrigu clan, (Imhotep) sailed from Kerala to create the Sphinx on a sink hole in Egypt (using the Pole star) 6000 years ago.


उत्तानपादपुत्रोऽसौ मेढीभूतो ध्रुवो दिवि ।
स हि भ्रमन् भ्रामयते नित्यं चन्द्रादित्यौ ग्रहैः सह ।। 

It means : "Uttanpāda's son Dhruva is the fixed point in the Heavens on Mount Meru , around which all planets moves round" The Chatur-yuga, 4,320,000 years is related to the precessional cycle, 25,791 years corresponding to a precession of 50.15 arc-seconds per year.
Kepler's laws of precession were written down in Sanskrit 7000 years ago. Sorry, Johannes Kepler-- East India Company stole our astronomical works for you , and our Kerala Calculus for Isaac Newton -- but today we are in the internet age. The age of drunken white men sitting over brandy and cigars after dinner , discussing what to publish in their peer reviewed science magazines is over. The hippies of the sixties have pulled the plug by introducing the information superhighway called Google!




Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older. Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for Guru Brihaspati. .  Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan war where Helen was stolen.
Several people came to India to get a cure for epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights. 

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician. 

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract. 

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang thing--
- but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1 mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before  Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the same thing via advanced Calculus. 

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years before Pythagoras  was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .  And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh  Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below. 

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. 

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge .

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.
So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff. 

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) . 

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale.
The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the west.  

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics ( magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.    

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus, however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever. 

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death.
Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search-
MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the 5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation known to me.” 
  
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just for kicks.  

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger .  Such jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan ( Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. ( AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of devotees. 

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas), however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara, ‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’). 

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit, bhakti, ‘devotion’).  And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter ( heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew. 

 Bartholomew is one of the 12 disciples of Jesus and ismentioned in three Synoptic gospels: Matthew,[10:1–4] Mark,[3:13–19] and Luke,[6:12–16] and also appears as one of the witnesses of the Ascension[Acts 1:4,12,13]; however, each time he is named in the company of Philip.  He is not mentioned in Gospel of John.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.  Kosmas was the author of a stolen world-geography and a book on stolen Kerala astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of consciousness, and there also sight is created from 
understanding.  For there understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from visible light.”

Consciousness ? 

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history—


Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth. 

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon.. 

The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun . 

Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms

Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms

Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms

Diameter of moon 3499 kms

Diametr of earth 12798 kms

The Bhagavad Purana Canto 5, verse 2 says “The sun globe, which is a source of heat, has a width (vistaratah) of 10,000 yojanas. The moon has a width of 25 yojanas”

1 Yojana is 140 kms ( this distance is modern linear - NOT the energy spiral time/ distance path which is mentioned in all our Puranas ).  In reality everything on this cosmos from Macro to Micro   is  spiral energy .

In linear time Prakritti (manifest creation) came forth from the Purusha (the absolute beyond anything created). It is a point from which all came into being. In non-linear time, this point is always present where the ‘nothing’ and the ‘something’ connect beyond words. This space is 108.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/07/oort-cloud-hindu-yugas-and-breath-of.html

Yojana/ Yugas  has been poison injected by the white invader to make Hindus look stupid.  BR Ambedkar was given a list of poison injectd spots in our Vedas / Upanishads/ Puranas and he wrote a book ( Riddles in Hindusim ) as if he is a great Vedic Pandit who knows Sanskrit and who has read all our ancient scriptures.

When you look at the Sun and the Moon from earth they are perceived as the SAME size, this same size appears because of their distance and diameters.

The 108 division is the coming together of Purusha and Prakriti. It is the vibration of the Purusha and Prakriti that has put us into existence.

In Ayurveda there are a 108 marmas in the body. They are points where consciousness impinges the body that can heal or kill a living being.

They are vital points where consciousness connects to the body, where Purusha (consciousness) is brought into Prakriti (body) to give life to the living being. When we recite Sanskrit Mantras  108 times it acts as a Kavach (protection) to each Marma.

The 108 intersections on the Sri Yantra  invoke the cosmic balance of Purusha and Prakriti and the primordial ability of the seer Maharishi to see both clearly.

Nine is connected to Ketu, the moksa Karaka (liberation)

In Sri Yantra there are 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4 point upwards.  The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the 10000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship between pi and phi . 

The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt.

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

Numerologically, nine is a very special number, it always returns to itself. Look how it behaves with other numbers:
9 x 1 = 9
9 x 2 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 3 = 27, 2 + 7 = 9
9 x 4 = 36, 3 + 6 = 9
9 x 5 = 45, 4 + 5 = 9
9 x 6 = 54, 5 + 4 = 9
9 x 7 = 63, 6 + 3 = 9
9 x 8 = 72, 7 + 2 = 9
9 x 9 = 81, 8 + 1 = 9
9 x 10=90, 9 + 0 = 9
9 x 11=99, 9 + 9 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 12 = 108

108 is the numerical equivalent of Hindu King Mantra OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  A rudraksha mala woen by an ancinent maharishi had 108 beads .

When the ocean of milk ( Akash Ganga- milky way of the cosmos  ) was churned in the beginning of time, it could only be done with the working unity of the positive and negative cosmic forces-  devas (gods) and asuras (demons).

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles. This forms the basis of Dvaita Hinduism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology.

The pineal gland produces AMRIT- Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith..

You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . 

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. 

THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. 

They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.

To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. 

Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA. 

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. 

The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness

This churning allows the kundalini to rise on the mountain axis ( meru)  of our spine with the turtle of the root chakra below. Wife Parvati rising to meet husband Shiva at the Sahasrara Chakra- the gate at Sushumna Nadi being opened by her son Ganesha at Muladhara Chakra.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Kalari talks about 108 marmas. 

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons ) . The rest are too short lived.

The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes. 

The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through hyperspace—the THEORY OF EVERYTHING is inherent in this mystic 3D geometry.

The heat of the big bang cooked up and created the elements in Dimitri Mendeleev's periodic table. Sanskrit and Malayalam has 54 alphabets.

Vishnu avatar Varaha boar placed 108 in the cosmic equation .  Mind you, the Muslims stopped worshipping at Babri Masjid at Ayodhya after they saw the boar statues. They equated it with PIG.

In the Varaka avatar , Vishnu as the boar  carried the Earth out of the ocean between his tusks and restored it to its place in the universe and later killed Hinranyaksha ( Jaya ) . 

 THIS IS AN AMAZING ALLEGORY.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam
tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara

"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks." - (S.Baghawatam. 2.7.1)

See the divine magic.

We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?    

During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the sun—this again requires some fixing right?  

For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter. 

There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this in our Vedas in 5000 BC.

Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the major Puranas.

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC

‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)

Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this-
Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.

This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.

The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know that. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical cord. They can have dreams. The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with humans.  It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans.

Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins. Pigs can see in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

Vishnu first Matsya avatar was a DOLPHIN –that is why NO human being eats dolphin. 

In this purana ,  the dolphin saved the Vedas , which contained the blue prints for the cosmos and DNA codes of life on earth.  It has been proved recently that dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures. 

They are conscious animals and pass the mirror test.  Only humans , Indian elephants  and apes like bonobos and dolphins pass the mirror test. Dolphins are second only to humans in smartness. MRI scans indicate that these marine mammals are self-aware. Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to be present only in humans.

Christianity lifted the story to have a male and female specimen of each species in a stupid NOAH s ark. While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA codes.

nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai:
antha: thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam /
nishprathyooha tharanga ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa
Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha: maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING:
“The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC

The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz.-

The sound emitted by the dolphins, has a frequency of 7.83 hertz which is the same as the Hindu king Mantra OM and the earth’s heart beat ( Schumann’s resonance ) .   Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. No Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM . 

From the conch OM sound comes as its innards are shaped by the morphogenetic consciousness field or BrahmAn.  Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts.   This sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide.

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing. When you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786 -- the holy number on every Koran.

Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

Humans cannot hear less than 20 Hertz- but our hearts can hear it.


Dolphins are attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation during underwater research.

Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..

Grace and peace!
*******************************************************************************
THE MALLU BRIGADE-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



I belong to the "Mallu Brigade".   I am a proud Malayali.

We in Kerala are proud of our ancient culture, our fertile brains , our social fabric,  and the beauty of our land.  

Kerala is known as God's own country. 

Voted as MOST beautiful place on earth by most tourist magazines .  (National Geographic put Kerala in the top three).

Seeing is believing- punch in AMAZING KERALA- VADAKAYIL in google search. 

Yet, we love a have a nice laugh at ourselves once in a while.  

Malayalis can be terribly corny too.

ENJOY!

Pssssst-- In USA they get terribly embarrassed with pink colour, and then if you add Oklahoma , they fall into a dead faint! TEE HEEE!!







Did U know the word "MALAYALAM" spelt back and forward is the same. 
That is why we can’t figure out if we are comin’ or going. 

Why did Saddam Hussain attack Kuwait? 
He had a Mallu Baby Sitter who always used to Say "KEEP QUWAIT", "KEEP QUWAIT" 

Where did the Malayalee study? 
In the KOLLAGE. 

Why did he go to Rome? 
TO hear POPE Music 

What does a Malayalee do when he has to stand for the election in Delhi? 
He changes his name Madhavan to M.A. DHAWAN. 
What does he do when he joins the army?
His name changes from Kandoth Kunhiraman to Gen Candeth.

How does a Malayalee spell ‘Malayalam’? 
YAMM – YAY – YELL – YAY – WHY – YAY – YELL – YAY – YUM.

Name the wonly part of the werld where Malayalis don’t werk hard?
Kerala.

Why is industrial productivity so low in Kerala?
Because 86% of the shift time is spent on lifting, folding and re-tying the lungi.

Why did the Malayali buy an air-ticket?
To go to Thoobai, to meet his ungle and aundy in the Gelff.

Why do Malayali’s go to the Gelff?
To yearn menney.

What did the Malayali do when the plane caught fire?
He zimbly jembd out of the vindow.

What is a Malayali management graduate called?
Yem Bee Yay.

Why did his wife divorce him?
Because he was louwing another woman.

What does a Malayali do when he goes to America?
He changes his name from Karunakaran to Kevin Curren.

What does a Malayali use to commute to office everyday?
An Oto.

Who is a Malayali’s famous yeactor end yaectress?
Moghan lal, Mammooti, Geedha, Revadhi, Zilgsmidha end Ambiga.

Why is Kerala the most highly literate state in India?
Its easily giving Degree to get rid of the peapals from Kerala.

Why are Arab countries looking only for Keralites?
They are ready to do yennything for menney.

SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT: You should at least send this mail to:
10 Malayalis and you will receive cokknut oil,
20 Malayalis and you will receive bennena chips,
40 Malayalis you will receive appams,

Send this to 100 Malayalis and you will get free land near the rice field behind the toddy shop, with additional incentive of a whole month’s supply of Calicut black halwa and Chandappan bennena chips free.

What is your wife’s name? 
Sujitra ( Hope my wife does NOT see this, for she will surely kick mE ass )


A true Mallu will say for 'My goggles are broken" -- " My googles are broaken"

Like how a true Punjabi , like Manmohand Singh will say for " It gives me great pleasure to have a moment of leisure " -- " It gives me great pleayyure to have a moment of leiyyure"




Here is a hilarious conversation between a Mallu CD dealer and a pissed off , squeamish British guy, who finds that a CD he bought does NOT work , and he wants his precious quid back EL PRONTO- within 5 minutes, or else- --  all Mallus will enjoy it 100% -- ( some unadulterated frustrated muttering in lingo -- )









The above picture is my home Akash Ganga ( Milky Way ) in Calicut, Kerala.

In the BBC documentary below, Aryabhatta is mentioned as 600 AD, wwhile actually it is 2700 BC. Newton and Liebniz stole Calculus from a published text in Malayalam written by Madhavan, two centuries before.
*******************************************************************************
QUANTUM PLANT TULSI - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




QUANTUM MEDICINE TULSI --   BASIL -  NATURAL NEGATIVE ION GENERATOR CUM OZONIZER — THE ELIXIR OF LIFE




A couple of years ago, I was sitting in my lawn at dusk , next to the running waterfall, which had a mini tulsi tapovan at the brink.  I had put on the garden light at the waterfall.


One of my friends popped in and asked me what I was doing.


I said ” I am taking in my daily quota of negative ions and ozone !”.


He laughed it off— but I could NOT have been more serious.


Now I must explain in greater detail about my natural negative ion generator ( water fall ) and ozone generator ( mini tulsi grotto ) .


Any waterfall generates negative ions. All viruses have a positive dipole charge. Negative ions attached itself to it and enlarges the virus.  Viruses are so tiny that our lungs cant pull them out, unless they are enlarged.


Negative ions create an alkaline environment. Cancer cells survive only in an acidic environment, which is an oxygen impoverished environment.


Ozone kills virus and bacteria.

Free radicals are positive ions in your body, which shuts down your immune system and causes cells to become weak. This makes you fall sick faster and age faster.

When positive ions permeate into your skin, your sweat pores contract. Negative ions cause the pores to expand and increase metabolism.


85% negative ions are absorbed by the skin and the balance via the lungs. Negative ions in the blood stream activates delivery of oxygen to cells and tissues. Negative charged environment stimulates the body’s self healing mechanism.


Ionising a room drives away the dust , viruses and bacteria, as bacteria thrives on dust. This is the reason why the best hospitals of this planet have negative ion generators in the post operation rooms . You can buy this in the market too for your home. Negative ions do NOT have any adverse side effects.


Even modern poultry farms have negative ion generators. Almost all major soccer clubs have negative ionisers in the change rooms.


Basically these machines use high voltage to ionize or electrically charge air molecules—they have an extra electron, to donate to electron wrenching free radicals.


Waterfalls and flowing living water streams produce negative ions.  All Vedic rishis sat near clear fast flowing brooks and waterfalls, to improve their concentration.


Negative ions lower the blood pressure. It reduces allergy causes asthma.


Overproduction of Serotonin in the brain , causing blood vessels leading to the brain to dilate , stretching pain receptors -- causes migraines. 


 Remember , people having migraines must not allow the blankets to touch the body while sleeping. Keep a cotton sheet in between the blanket and your body.


Any form of combustion increases positive ions.


Inhaling negative ions regulates the production of Serotonin in your brain. It controls depression and is a better way that the use of medicines like Prozac which have side effects. Serotonin causes mental fatigue.


Negative ionisers help you to sleep better. Negative ions accelerate the oxidative degradation of Serotonin. Positive ions on the other hand sabotage the enzymes which breakdown serotonin.


Increased Serotonin causes increased sensitivity to pain and hence heightened aggression , hence higher BP, and bronchiospasm (asthma ), and reduction of pH.


Ionisers should NOT be confused with ozone generators. Like how a waterfall cannot be confused with a Tulsi ( Basil ) plant.


Negative ion is an oxygen atom with an extra electron. Negative ions cannot pass through walls. Ionisers use electrostatically charges plates to produce negative ions, on which positively charges dust and bacteria gets stuck.


They aggregate and clump together to get heavy to remain airborne and fall down. Ozone generators use UV lights or high voltage electric charge to attract an extra oxygen ion to an oxygen molecule.


Ozone is a molecule with 3 oxygen atoms. Ozone oxidises airborne pollutants , where one oxygen atom splits off, and then reverts back to oxygen leaving behind cleansed air.


Negative ions and ozone are nature’s most powerful air cleansers. There is nothing on this planet more effective than a negative ion generator and ozoniser to cleanse the air we breathe, by removing allergens and contaminants.


On ships we have ozoniser in vegetable rooms fridges. This helps fresh fruits and veggies to stay fresh longer, as ozone controls surface mould and decay.. Ozone is one of the most powerful oxidants and germicides known.


The single oxygen atom just burns up the particle and self destructs too, thus leaving behind pure oxygen. Wonderful, right?


In swimming pools ( algae ) and homes water ( odour , germs ) is purified by ozone. Most of the modern morgues have an ozonizer. Almost all modern hospital operation theaters have ozonisers, as ozone prevents gangrene. Ozone is used to treat industrial liquid waste.


For human beings make sure the ozone concentration does NOT exceed 0.15 ppm. At this stage you can smell ozone. So far no human deaths have been attributed to ozone. Ozone cannot improve your mood like negative ions. Negative ions in the blood stream accelerate the delivery of oxygen to the cells.


Negative ions promote alpha waves in your brain.  Do NOT use vapourisers or moisturisers with negative ion generators-as that will create positive ions.


Enough of science—now I must get back to quantum plant Tulsi.  The chemistry of Tulsi is highly complex as it contains hundreds of beneficial compounds known as phyto-chemicals .


Tulsi gives off Ozone at night with a suitable lamp providing light for photosynthesis.  All other plants on this planet give off carbon di oxide at night.

In Vrindavan , Lord Krishna used to frolic with the milkmaids in a Tulasi forest , where the Tulsi trees were  twelve feet high!  People have tried to play peeping toms and the effect of the ozone made them mad by daybreak..


Tulsi is a sacred plant , known as the Mother of Ayurveda. The remarkable thing about Tulsi is that, unlike other medicinal plants, she is effective even if she is not consumed. Just her close proximity is enough.
Tulsi plant was the result of Samudra Manthan or churning of the oceans. 

The King's chamber of the Great pyramid is a representation of etherical abode of Lord Shiva , the Mount Meru of Vedic Hindu Mythology.  Mount Meru extends from earth into space to a height of 85 times earth's diameter.  Lord Shiva is the destroyer god of the Trinity of Tamas Rajas Satwa ( yin-yang ) or creator/ preserver/ destroyer, represented by Shiva's trident.  Meru was used to churn the oceans , Sagar Manthan for divine nectar.

Most of the traditional Hindu homes , away from concrete jungle cities, have Tulsi plant, right in front of the door. In cities they keep it  indoors in a little pot. No self respecting Hindu household is considered complete without the Tulsi plant, this is because the presence of a Tulsi plant in a home signifies the presence of Goddess Lakshmi herself .

Every morning the lady of the house waters it and offers her respects to the basil plant. In the evenings people light a lamp and place it by the plant or in the pot. Hindu women do NO even step on the shadow of Tulsi, as a sign of respect.


For it  is a representation of goddess Lakshmi, the goddess of prosperity.  Every year, Hindus celebrate the onset of the wedding season after the Diwali festival by performing the marriage ceremony of the Tulsi plant with an idol of lord Krishna, an avatar of lord Vishnu

The story of Lord Krishna has it that when Krishna was weighed in gold, not even all the ornaments of Satyabhama could outweigh him. But a single Tulsi leaf placed by Rukmini on the pan tilted the scale.

Tulsi is one of the eight indispensable things in Vedic worship.

When leaves are plucked , the following Sanskrit mantra is chanted –

cayanodbhava-duhkham ca
yad hrdi tava vartate
tat ksamasva jagan-matah
vrnda devi namo’ stu te

“O Tulasi devi, I offer my respectful obeisances unto you. Kindly forgive me if I have caused you pain by picking your leaves and manjaris, O mother of the universe.”


tulasy amrta-janmasi
sada tvam kesava-priya
kesavartham cinomi tvam
varada bhava sobhane

“O Tulasi devi, your birth is from nectar, and you are always dear to Lord Kesava. It is for Lord Kesava that I collect your leaves. O beautiful Tulasi, please grant us this boon to serve the Lord.”


 There are two types of Tulasi.  One is called Krishna Tulasi because it is said to be the same colour as Sri Krishna – purple.  


The other is called Rama Tulasi  and is light green in colour.  Krishna Tulasi is the more powerful of the two.



The Devi Bhagavata Purana regards Tulsi as an manifestation of Lakshmi, the goddess of wealth and wife of Lord Vishnu.

The white invader made up a COCK AND BULL story to denigrate Hindusim.  Lord Vishnu rapes Vrinda and her husband  Jalandhara dies.  Vrinda cursed Vishnu to become a stone, turning him the Shaligram stone.  Vrinda immolated herself in her husband's funeral pyre  as per horrible Hindu custom Sati..  But Vishnu ensured that she got incarnated in the form of tulsi plant on the earth—so that he can sexually assault her again and again ..


Nobody heard of Sati, till the white invader came to India.  Every where on Wikipedia they are equating Lord Vishnu with Vithoba – a creation of the white invader ..




The shila deities and the tulasi plant are thus always worshipped together as Vishnu and Lakshmi.

Tulsi Leaf is not offered to Shiva, just as Bel Leaves, dear to Shiva, are not offered to Vishnu. Tulsi leaves are also not offered to Goddess Lakshmi as she was once annoyed during her lovesport with Vishnu, when his attention got diverted towards Tulsi.

Saligram is a  black ammonite stone, with the imprint of a golden ratio marine cephalopod fossil. It is found only in the Gandaki River of Nepal .  Saligram is not worshipped in houses because it is said ir raises tension and anxiety.

Tulsi has been used since 9000 BC by the Vedic Maharishis.  It is mentioned in the Charaka Samhita, an ancient Ayurvedic text, written in 5000 BC in Sankrit. Tulsi is an adaptogen balancing different processes in the body, and helpful for adapting to stress.

Marked by its strong aroma and astringent taste, it is regarded in Ayurveda as a kind of "elixir of life" and promotes longevity.

TULSI LEAVES ARE MOST EFFECTIVE WITHIN 5 MINUTES OF BEING PLUCKED.


If you plant Tulasi plants  in your garden the air will be pure within a wide radius, and bacteria-free. Tulasi plant is extremely sensitive and aware, and quickly able to register the vibrations around her.

Living Tulsi leaves contain a natural ether, which drives away mosquitoes . The British loved to plant it in their lawns calling it “Mosquito Plant”.

Tulsi is venerated as a goddess in Hinduism and considered a wife of god Vishnu.  It is a small plant, with about 5 cm long leaves, it gains a maximum height of 1 metre. Its leaves having a peculiar smell, have small hair on their upper and lower surfaces.

Traditionally, in temples the priests keep water and Tulasi leaves in a copper pot and offer three small spoonfuls as prasadam to devotees, who drink part of it and dribble the remainder on their heads.

Susruta Samhita, Padampurana and Garudpurana, after centuries of observation in humans,  describes Tulsi as a ‘child giver' and great spermatogenic agent. They report Tulsi as a fertility Improver and enhance the chances of woman bearing progeny.

Tulsi is the pillar of the traditional Ayurvedic holistic health system . , Tulsi also alkalizes the body . It increases the body's efficient use of oxygen, boosts the immune system, slows down aging and provides a rich supply of anti-oxidants and other nutrients.

Tulsi protects you from solar Radiation . In the event of a nuclear holocaust, Tulsi will be the only savior. 



Tulsi boosts the body's ability to fight off damaging free radicals, which have been linked to disease and aging. 



It is an adaptogen that helps the body fight the effects of ongoing stress and also balances the mind, nerves and emotions



Steaming the face with tulsi leaves flushed out the toxins and leaves the face glowing. It is good for acne prone skin. It is an anti-wrinkle agent. Tulsi is also a skin rasayana. With vitamin C, carotene, calcium and phosphorus, Tulsi helps skin stay healthy and supple


The leaf  ( Ocimum tenuiflorum ) contains mercury, and is an antibiotic or antibacterial.. Hormonal imbalance is regulated in both men and women by the consumption of Tulasi.

Tulsi both aids in digestion, increasing digestive fire and the secretion of digestive enzymes. It heals disorders of the digestive tract such as ulcers and internal lesions. Tulsi stimulates appetite.  Tulsi helps to break up kidney stones.

Being an antimicrobial agent , it heals the urinary tract infection. It eliminates problems such as urine acidity, passing blood or pus in the urine. For men, Tulsi strengthens prostate health and increases sperm count. Fresh Tulsi juice helps in strengthening the immune system of the body.


Tulsi is an cough expectorant and a cure for malaria and other dis-eases, especially cold-induced ones like coughs, bronchitis, pneumonia, etc. Taking a few leaves mixed with a teaspoonful of ginger juice and honey immediately controls bouts of dry cough and removes any bronchial spasm .

The seeds can be used as a diuretic. It reduces uric acid level. It is good for your liver.

Tulsi can inactivate viruses, bacteria, and cancer cells, scavenge free radicals in the body, stimulate the immune system, and prevent degenerative diseases.

Healthy cells have certain enzymes that protect them from being oxidized. Unhealthy cancer cells don’t have these enzymes to protect them from being oxidized and can be killed by ozone

The juice of tulsi leaves is used to bring down fever. In acute fever, a decoction of tulsi leaves boiled with powdered cardamom, sugar and milk can lower and control the temperature.

It can be cure sore throat. Chewing 12 leaves twice a day reduces stress. It eliminates bad breath and infections of the mouth. It is used for the treatment of ringworm and leucoderma. Tulsi paste is applied on the forehead to relieve headache.

Tulsi juice has been traditionally used for night blindness. It is used as a deworming agent . Consuming one spoon each of basil and ginger juice helps in cramps and stomachache.

Juice of basil leaves and honey taken regularly for six months can be useful in expelling renal stones. The extracts of Tulsi leaf helps in inhibiting the enzyme of filarial worm and is anti-tubercular. Tulasi leaves can also be crushed or ground into a paste and applied externally to wounds

Tulsi is taken in many forms: as herbal tea, dried powder, fresh leaf, or mixed with ghee. Essential oil extracted from Karpoora Tulsi is mostly used for medicinal purposes and in herbal toiletry.

For centuries, the dried leaves of Tulsi have been mixed with stored grains to repel insects. A decoction of 10 to 20 leaves taken along with a pinch of rock salt abates digestive problems like flatulence and anorexia


Tulsi OIL has antibacterial , insecticidal properties, antioxidant, anti inflammatory, anti cancer, antiviral, anti allergic, anti mutagenic and antimicrobial properties. The oil prevents inflammation of mucous membrane especially in the respiratory tract,  produces perspiration, can cure ear aches, and is a good immuno-modulatory agent.

When massaged on feet in reflexology, it helps relieve body-ache, fatigue and promotes good sleep

Recognizing the anti-pollutant, anti-oxidation and air-purifying properties of tulsi, the Indian government has recently launched a Tulsi plantation drive around Taj Mahal and other world heritage monuments as an eco-protection measure to contain the ravages of chemical pollution caused by nearby industrial units.


Jesus Christ was in Kerala for 3 years before he went with Mary Magdalene to the pyramids . He then  suddenly burst upon the scene at Jesusalem. Mary Magdalene had taken a potted Tulsi plant at the spot of his crucification. The Jews love to say that the basil plant grew on the spot by itself.


Yanmoole sarva tirthaani yannagre sarva devataa
Yanmadhye sarva vedaascha Tulasi taam namaamyaham.


I bow down to the Tulasi, at whose base (the roots) are all the holy places, at whose top reside all the deities (divinity), and in whose middle are all the Vedas.

Water mixed with tulsi petals is given to the dying to raise their departing souls to heaven.
*******************************************************************************
INDIAN NATIONAL ANTHEM- CAPT VADAKAYIL

800 YEARS OR 12 GENERATIONS OF SLAVERY UNDER THE MUSLIM INVADERS AND THE CHRISTIAN PORTUGUESE AND BRITISH INVADERS -- ( from 1191 AD to 1947 AD )

WHEREIN OUR ENTIRE GLORIOUS PAST WAS  HIJACKED , STOLEN AND SUBVERTED .  ( 800 YEARS AGO INDIA WAS THE RICHEST COUNTRY ON THIS PLANET ). 

WHEREIN WE WERE BRAINWASHED THAT THE INDIAN RACE IS FIT ONLY TO BE COOLIES--



WE THE OLDEST CIVILIZATION ON THIS PLANET ( 9500 BC )--  CAN NEVER EVER BE  BE SHACKLED AGAIN .  

NO MORE TURNING THE OTHER CHEEK.

I WAS BORN IN FREE INDIA.  MY PARENTS WERE NOT!


THIS SONG GALVANISES THE HEART , SOUL AND DNA OF EVERY INDIAN-- ANYWHERE ON THIS PLANET.






Sceptics-- In 1200 AD India held 85% of the world's gold.  In 1800 AD India held 63% of the world's private gold jewellery. In 2011 India still holds 38.2% of the world's private gold. Since gold does NOT evaporate , the rest were stolen. Today there is 17000 tons of gold on this planet.
*******************************************************************************
HURRICANE SEASON 2011-- ALL YANKS , PUT ON YOUR SEAT BELTS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




AFTER EFFECT OF STRONG LA NINA ---  WORST HURRICANE YEAR 2011 PREDICTED FOR US EAST COAST

Three days before hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans and caught all Yanks with their pants down-- I was attending a company meeting at Singapore. 



I wondered aloud quite vehemently " Why are the Yanks taking it so easy. Even CNN is taking it easy.  This could be a category 3 hurricane, and will rip all the levees of New Orleans asunder.  I predict 1000 people dead.  On 22nd Sept 1999 , my ship skimmed the eye of category 5, Super Typhoon Bart --and I am lucky to be sitting here "



I could hear the sounds of silence. All kept quiet.  The MD finally agreed with me " Yes-- New Orleans is below sea level."



And on Aug 29th 2005, Category 3 hurricane Katrina, ripped up USA and caused 120 billion USD in damages. 



Official govt fudged record state 1837 people died. 

Nodody cared as the people were not the pure blooded whites . They were dirty whites or blacks. 




HERE IS A DIRE WARNING, FROM A SEASONED MARINER WHO HAS HAD SALT SPRAY ON HIS LIPS..  

THE 2011 HURRICANE SEASON WILL BE THE WORST EVER ON THE EAST COAST OF USA. 



I predict 5 major hurricanes, and 10 normal hurricanes.



We have just finished with the  La Nina of 2010.  Pakistan , Kuwait, Saudi Arabia had summer temperatures of 52 deg C/ 128 deg F .  21% of the earth's surface land had record highest temperatures.



To find out what is La Nina punch into google search EL NINO, LA NINA , A MARINER'S OVERVIEW- VADAKAYIL


Hurricane Irene is now looming large over US east coast, today.

#######################################

THE SAFFIR-SIMPSON STORM CATEGORY SCALE

Storms are measured on the Saffir-Simpson scale depending on wind speed.

Category One - 74-95mph

The main risk at this level is flooding, although winds can be strong enough to blow away unanchored mobile homes and uproot trees.

Category Two - 96-110mph

Winds are strong enough to severely damage mobile homes and lift off roofs, as well as uproot vegetation. They can cause severe flooding.

Category Three - 111-130mph

These are defined as major hurricanes, and can cause severe damage to homes and buildings, entirely wiping out trailer parks.

Example: Hurricane Katrina,  2005

Category Four - 131-155mph

These can wipe out entire houses and cause extensive inland flooding.
Example: Hurricane Hugo, South Carolina, 1989.  Hurricane Andrew, Florida

Category Five - 156+ mph

The 'king of hurricanes' damages everything in its wake, with only strong metal buildings more than three miles inland surviving unscathed.

WAITING TO HAPPEN IN 2011.

#####################################

To read my experiences with a category 5 super-typhoon (  898 millibars ) , punch into google search SUPER TYPHOON BART, THE PERFECT STORM- VADAKAYIL





IT IS SUCH A DISGRACE IF INNOCENT POOR PEOPLE DIE IN A SUPER-POWER ADVANCED COUNTRY ---- 

THEY WERE EXPENDABLES-- RIGHT?



People who sailed with me will say Capt Vadakayil is NOT afraid of the sea. In 1984, my container ship was about to drop off Brixham pilot at UK at midnight in January en route to New York .  Winds had started howling ominously. The English pilot told me " There is a storm outside , all ships are coming to English Channel to drift. What will you do , Captain?" 

I said almost knee jerk " My ship will plunge into the Atlantic, she is made to ride over such temperate depressions" .  Almost all on the bridge , my wife, Ch Officer, OOW, helmsman , nearly fainted out of fright. 

So the same sailor is tellin' all -- be careful of the hurricane season of 2011-- TAKE NO CHANCES! 

Be prudent and survive! The hurricanes which slow down to derive energy from the gulf stream will all be super-hurricanes. The ones who skim the US east coast line will cost billions!!!





And hi Aussies--tie up your cars on trees , like how they tie up camels-- or you will lose it in low lying areas, for 2011, is La Nina year!
*******************************************************************************
MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

SAGE VARAHAMIHIRA 2660 BC , VEDIC MATHEMATICIAN CUM ASTROLOGER-- SHIP'S GYRO COMPASS AND PRECESSION

See the long 49 minute video below only after you read my whole post.












I must express my gratitude to the flower children ( the hippies of the sixties ) who took on the big brother establishment by their short curlies and won —and gave this planet the apple, internet information superhighway and the great Google.

To make my job easier I must first tell an imaginary jungle story.

Inside a unused well in the Indian Jungle , there were two lame frogs.

They thought that the dark well and the small round blue sky they saw on top was the cosmos. Till one day during unusually heavy rains, the water level of this well came up and both jumped out on to terra firma.

Excited they hopped along till they saw two child animals playing football. Immediately one of the frogs cried that the ball was manufactured by his great grandfather and established ownership over it.



They hopped along and wherever they went they gave cock and bull croaking stories of how their ancestors literally invented, discovered , built and made everything in the jungle. 



They were so shrewd and slimy in their approach that very soon even the King lion was made to believe that the deep jungle belonged to these frogs, and lived in psychological subjugation.

Blah Blah -- Every fruit tree was planted by our ancestors, every lake was dug by our ancestors ---- Blah Blah —


These two frogs are the equivalent of German Friedrich Max Muller, and Englishman Thomas Babington Macaulay.


Macaulay under instructions from the Vatican and told Max Muller how to subvert and hijack world history. 


The whole of the white Western civilization came out from the Quaternary ice age in 9500 BC and then they went around writing history of ancient civilisations , pretty much the way the two lame frogs did hoppety -hop and skippety skip , all around the jungle . 



This gruesome twosome re-invented the wrote of Indian history and civilization in the 18th century, to suit Vatican.

Muller with the help of opium running Jewish Rothschilds family did massive cock and bull propaganda .


That he learnt Sanskrit , the oldest language in the world , --- that he did his PhD from Leipzig university ---- that he was in India examining how the Aryans from Europe invaded India and drove the indigenous Dravidian inhabitants to the south , and how they invented Sanskrit and wrote the Vedas .

In one single master stoke he gave the credit of every ancient Indian Hindu vedic work in language, Science, Mathematics , Astronomy etc.to the blonde blue eyed Christian white man, as dictated by Vatican.

When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in Sanskrit.

Vatican was eager to prove that the big bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500 BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) .

By 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot of Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. 

 


 

The Aryans went out of India, with their Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm ) as modern DNA tests have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . 

 

The Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish religion. Shiva Lingam black meteorite stones of “ex-pagan”temples are the main attraction at Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican ( from King Solomon's temple --hidden in Vatican vault ) .



The first thing Vatican did was to put King Vikramaditya who ruled from Jerusalem to Vietnam in 7000 BC-- to an arbitrary 600 AD. 

Then they said King Vikramaditya had 9 jewels , and put all great Indian Vedic stalwarts including the great Varahamihira who was born in 2660 BC, in the king's court. They shoved him back by 3 milleniums. 

They put the great Kerala hero VARARUCHI as one of the 9 jewels of Vikramaditya's court ( probably over brandy and cigars ) --  Vararuchi from whom Varahamihira drew inspiration -- the founder of Kerala system of Astrology, whose work Chandra Vakyas, and Kapatayadi system of counting is well documented. Vararuchi lived 200 years before Varahamihira.
Max Mueler even had the gall to put Ayurveda god Lord Dhanwantari as one of the 9 gems. Dhanwantari temple at Nelluvaya village 20 kms off Guruvayoor temple is 6100 years old--every Kerala Ayurvedic doctor goes there after graduation , as the first step, even today.  Dhanwantari was a product of the effort of Samudra Manthan.

We must thank Max baby, Vatican and Jewish Rothschild  for NOT putting Lord Shiva, Lord Brahma and Lord Vishnu as 3 jesters of Vikramaditya's court, entertaining the 9 gems.
Encylopedia Brittanica gives white lies on Vatican's and Jew Rothschild's orders   :--
QUOTE-- Varahamihira's knowledge of Western Astrology and Astronomy was thorough .  In 5 sections, his monumental work progresses through native Indian astronomy and culminates in 2 treatises on Western astronomy, showing calculations based on Greek and Alexandrian reckoning and even giving complete Ptolemaic mathematical charts and tables. --UNQUOTE.

Britannica would rather have us believe that the British Museum in London has all artifacts donated--when 95% of it has been stolen , rather vandalised and ripped off- -- this is how much objective the Rothschild controlled encyclopedias like Wikepedia and Britannica are.

 
Then they painstakingly made Varahamihira's portrait and put it in the Viceroy's palace. It is now displayed in the Indian Parliament building. They planted imaginary stories of how Varahamihira had conversations with Christians . How he stole Pascal's triangles and 5 square magic numbers.


Then they went around making sure that all encyclopedias including Britannica say that he just stole from Ptolemy. That his Romka Siddhanta was stolen from Romans. That his Palisa Siddhanta was stolen from --hold your breath-- Paulisa the Greek. This is as stupid as saying Romania was part of Rome.



Well Lord Rama and Lord Krishna who lived more than 6000 years ago had their horoscopes amde, which are still available in Indian mutts. Below is Lord Krishna's horoscope.

 

Every Indian Hindu has his horoscope made. No marriages are conducted without an astrologer matching horoscopes. Both my sons have horoscopes or they miss out pretty brides from traditional Hindu families. 



Astrology came from the banks of river Saraswati 11000 years ago, as part of Vedic civilization. 




Pookot lake  (Pookode lake ) near Vythiri , Wayanad Kerala,  at an altitude of at an altitude of 781 meters above sea level.   The lake is blessed as ancient maharishis meditated around it,  has the shape of India's map.


This pristine blue water lake has an abundance of blue lotus and fresh water fishes.



Varahamihira was a student of Aryabhatta and his works were written at Pookoot lake at Kalpatta in Kerala on the Western Ghats. 





Varahamihira just compiled old Vedic astrology, which was dying--in a lucid manner. Even today all astrology in Kerala belongs to Mihira Muni's method. . Mihira Muni's observatory and library was at Sultan Bathery-- there is an ancient 3600 year old Jain temple at that spot today.



His Brihat samhita talks about Chakka ( Jackfruit ) and how to graft the tree for sweeter varities, and how to make dye from the inner trunk core for Kashaya vastram or sadhu monk robes. Chakka first grew in Kerala on this planet- else where it was planted by the invaders.

Isaac Newton stole his gravity and laws of motion theories from the great work of Varahamihira. How Newton stole his Calculus and Physics from India can be read by punching into google search ISAAC NEWTON THE CALCULUS THIEF- VADAKAYIL.



Varahamihira with 12 strand DNA and a FRACTAL mind , wrote the Brihat Samhita. Kerala navigation is based on his Astronomy. He had written that moon and planets do NOT have their own light, but takes light from the sun, 4600 years ago.


Brihatsamhita (The Great Compilation) discusses topics such as :- Descriptions of heavenly bodies, their movements and conjunctions, meteorological phenomena, indications of the omens these movements, conjunctions and phenomena represent, what action to take and operations to accomplish, sign to look for in humans, animals, precious stones, etc 



The movements of planets from the astronomical and astrological point of view; the allotment of countries to the nine regions on the basis of constellations; effects of years, months and days presided over by different planets; mould formation, wind and rainfall, flowers and creepers; portents; growth of crops, commodities, prices, and traders; ritual for the imporvement of royal powers; signs of men and women; architecture, town-planning, water-divination- he was a sort or all rounder genius. 

उत्तानपादपुत्रोऽसौ मेढीभूतो ध्रुवो दिवि ।
स हि भ्रमन् भ्रामयते नित्यं चन्द्रादित्यौ ग्रहैः सह ।। 

It means : "Uttanpāda's son Dhruva is the fixed point in the Heavens on Mount Meru , around which all planets moves round" The Chatur-yuga, 4,320,000 years is related to the precessional cycle, 25,791 years corresponding to a precession of 50.15 arc-seconds per year.



He recorded Kepler's laws of precession 4.5 milleniums ago. This 25791 year wobble was understood by Vedic Maharshis  seers 9500 years ago, without using simple potter's wheels. 

 

Young Marine cadets and merchant navy officers on ships , watch the basic model of the ship's gyro compass below . Gyro does NOT have a magnet--

 


The ancient Vedic Vimanas' ( Ravana was a Vedic expert and he had an aeroplane in Ramayana ) used gyroscopes with mercury inside to create imploding and exploding electrostatic vortices to fly their aircrafts where ever they wanted-- just like flying saucers,  and to achieve anti-gravity or speed by Magnus force . The future of windtunnel experiments lie in finding this imploding vortex , to propel a F1 race car forward, using wind power.

The greater circle upon which the "ayanamsha" or 'ascendant of the Earth' is traced, and which coincides with the annual equinoctial point every 25,791 years. Set against the backdrop of the Zodiac, it takes the Earth 25, 765 years to make a "Complete Round" of the 12 astrological signs and 2,150 years to complete one astrological Age.

The Precessional Cycle of the Greek astronomer Hipparchus, in the Second century BC. Is lifted from the Vedas which is older by 500 years , in black and white written in Sanksrit.  11000 year ago, great Vedic seers with 12 strand DNA  known as Maha Rishis developed precise formulas for calculating the cosmic cycles, and wove their celestial equations into the fabric of their myths and legends. Principal among these cosmological parables was the "Line of Ten Avatars".

According to tradition, Vishnu, one of the principle deities of the Hindu trinity takes birth at particular points in the cosmic cycle which correspond to the earth's passage through the 'Fixed' zodiacal ages. Vishnu appears every 6,450 years at the commencement of the signs of Taurus, Leo, Scorpio and Aquarius. He appears at the behest of a suffering world and comes to destroy evil and injustice and reestablish the eternal truths of the Sanatana Dharma.

The Bhagavad Gita, of 4000 BC, one of India's most sacred scriptures, reveals something of this cosmic process in Krishna's dialogue with Arjuna. Krishna tells his disciple:

Paritranaya sadhunam vinashaya cha dushkritam.

Dharma sansthapanarthaya sambhavami yuge yuge.

(Gita 4:8)
"Whenever the world declineth in virtue and righteousness; and vice and injustice mount the throne, then cometh I, the Lord and revisit my world in visible form, and mingleth as a man with men, and by my influence and teachings do I destroy the evil and injustice and reestablish virtue and righteousness. Many times have I thus appeared, and many times hereafter shall I come again." 

The sun's yearly passage from Tropic of Cancer to Tropic of Capricon , due to tilt of the earth's axis ( precession of equinox ) is the basis of various 7000 year old Hindu festivals in India.



Varahamihira's mathematical work included the discovery of the trigonometric formulas--
sin x = cos(p/2 - x),

sin2x + cos2x = 1, and

(1 - cos 2x)/2 = sin2x.

Varahamihira worked together on the sine tables with Aryabhata and calculated the binomial coefficients, known in the European civilization as Pascal's triangle.


Among Varahamihira's contribution to physics is his statement that reflection is caused by the back-scattering of particles and refraction (the change of direction of a light ray as it moves from one medium into another) by the ability of the particles to penetrate inner spaces of the material, much like fluids that move through porous objects.


The Kerala school of mathematics investigated rules for computing the number of ways in which r objects can be selected from n objects over the course of many hundreds of years. They gave rules to compute the binomial coefficients nCr which amount to

nCr = n(n-1)(n-2)...(n-r+1)/r 

However, Varahamihira attacked the problem of computing nCr in a rather different way. He wrote the numbers n in a column with n = 1 at the bottom. He then put the numbers r in rows with r = 1 at the left-hand side. Starting at the bottom left side of the array which corresponds to the values n = 1, r = 1, the values of nCr are found by summing two entries, namely the one directly below the (n, r) position and the one immediately to the left of it. This was later lifted by Pascal-- triangle for finding the binomial coefficients.

He wrote treatises on shakuna ( augury ) as well as the Brihaj-Jataka (“Great Birth”) and the Laghu-Jataka (“Short Birth”), two well-known works on the casting of horoscopes



Here is a popular story--

Mihira Muni was accurate in his astrological predictions and predicted that the King's 18 year old son would be killed by a Varaha or a wild boar. He had also predicted the time as 5pm in the evening. Upon hearing these predictions from Mihira, the King gave orders to construct a special and secure palace for the royal prince.

After the construction , as many as 10,000 troops were on high alert to meet any eventuality within and outside the palace area. Not even a rat was allowed to sneak in. Such was the security.


On the fateful day, Mihira was told to rethink of his predictions. People started doubting Mihira’s ability of foretelling. But he was firm in his words. Prince was seen happily playing with other children on the seventh floor of the palace where he used to be like a person under house arrest. But when the fateful time came, he went upstairs and to the open terrace. Meanwhile everyone thought Mihira would soon lose his recognition as astrologer. Mihira told the King that the prince had died and was lying in a pool of blood.


Everyone rushed to the terrace when the time was 6pm, only to see the prince lying in a pool of blood. No one knew why the boy went there to play. Prince was disfigured by the iron hooves of the artificial metal boar, the Royal Emblem attached to the flag staff. The King honored and gave him the title Varahamihira for his accuracy in astrology.






Govinda Bhaṭṭatirippad (1237 – 1295 AD ) of Kerala school of Mathematics was an Astrologer whose book in Malayalam Dashadyaya a commentary on the first ten chapters of the astrological text Brihajatakam composed by Varahamihira.  

Parameshawaran ( 1380–1460 AD ), was a Kerala mathematician , from whose work Sir Isaac Newton stole his entire Calculus, without elementary understanding.  

The British East India Company owned by Rothschild Jews stole it from the Calicut king. Prameshwara also commented on Varahamihira’s work in Drigganitam (astronomical computations).
Vedic mathematics is done faster in the brain, than sophisticated modern supercomputers.








Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth. 

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon.. 

The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun . 

Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms

Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms

Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms

Diameter of moon 3499 kms

Diametr of earth 12798 kms

The Bhagavad Purana Canto 5, verse 2 says “The sun globe, which is a source of heat, has a width (vistaratah) of 10,000 yojanas. The moon has a width of 25 yojanas”

1 Yojana is 140 kms ( this distance is modern linear - NOT the energy spiral time/ distance path which is mentioned in all our Puranas ).  In reality everything on this cosmos from Macro to Micro   is  spiral energy .

In linear time Prakritti (manifest creation) came forth from the Purusha (the absolute beyond anything created). It is a point from which all came into being. In non-linear time, this point is always present where the ‘nothing’ and the ‘something’ connect beyond words. This space is 108.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/07/oort-cloud-hindu-yugas-and-breath-of.html

Yojana/ Yugas  has been poison injected by the white invader to make Hindus look stupid.  BR Ambedkar was given a list of poison injectd spots in our Vedas / Upanishads/ Puranas and he wrote a book ( Riddles in Hindusim ) as if he is a great Vedic Pandit who knows Sanskrit and who has read all our ancient scriptures.

When you look at the Sun and the Moon from earth they are perceived as the SAME size, this same size appears because of their distance and diameters.

The 108 division is the coming together of Purusha and Prakriti. It is the vibration of the Purusha and Prakriti that has put us into existence.

In Ayurveda there are a 108 marmas in the body. They are points where consciousness impinges the body that can heal or kill a living being.

They are vital points where consciousness connects to the body, where Purusha (consciousness) is brought into Prakriti (body) to give life to the living being. When we recite Sanskrit Mantras  108 times it acts as a Kavach (protection) to each Marma.

The 108 intersections on the Sri Yantra  invoke the cosmic balance of Purusha and Prakriti and the primordial ability of the seer Maharishi to see both clearly.

Nine is connected to Ketu, the moksa Karaka (liberation)

In Sri Yantra there are 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4 point upwards.  The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the 10000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship between pi and phi . 

The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt.

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

Numerologically, nine is a very special number, it always returns to itself. Look how it behaves with other numbers:
9 x 1 = 9
9 x 2 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 3 = 27, 2 + 7 = 9
9 x 4 = 36, 3 + 6 = 9
9 x 5 = 45, 4 + 5 = 9
9 x 6 = 54, 5 + 4 = 9
9 x 7 = 63, 6 + 3 = 9
9 x 8 = 72, 7 + 2 = 9
9 x 9 = 81, 8 + 1 = 9
9 x 10=90, 9 + 0 = 9
9 x 11=99, 9 + 9 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 12 = 108

108 is the numerical equivalent of Hindu King Mantra OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  A rudraksha mala woen by an ancinent maharishi had 108 beads .

When the ocean of milk ( Akash Ganga- milky way of the cosmos  ) was churned in the beginning of time, it could only be done with the working unity of the positive and negative cosmic forces-  devas (gods) and asuras (demons).

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles. This forms the basis of Dvaita Hinduism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology.

The pineal gland produces AMRIT- Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith..

You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . 

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. 

THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. 

They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.

To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. 

Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA. 

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. 

The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness

This churning allows the kundalini to rise on the mountain axis ( meru)  of our spine with the turtle of the root chakra below. Wife Parvati rising to meet husband Shiva at the Sahasrara Chakra- the gate at Sushumna Nadi being opened by her son Ganesha at Muladhara Chakra.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Kalari talks about 108 marmas. 

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons ) . The rest are too short lived.

The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes. 

The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through hyperspace—the THEORY OF EVERYTHING is inherent in this mystic 3D geometry.

The heat of the big bang cooked up and created the elements in Dimitri Mendeleev's periodic table. Sanskrit and Malayalam has 54 alphabets.

Vishnu avatar Varaha boar placed 108 in the cosmic equation .  Mind you, the Muslims stopped worshipping at Babri Masjid at Ayodhya after they saw the boar statues. They equated it with PIG.

In the Varaka avatar , Vishnu as the boar  carried the Earth out of the ocean between his tusks and restored it to its place in the universe and later killed Hinranyaksha ( Jaya ) . 

 THIS IS AN AMAZING ALLEGORY.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam
tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara

"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks." - (S.Baghawatam. 2.7.1)

See the divine magic.

We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?    

During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the sun—this again requires some fixing right?  

For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter. 

There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this in our Vedas in 5000 BC.

Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the major Puranas.

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC

‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)

Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this-
Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.

This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.

The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know that. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical cord. They can have dreams. The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with humans.  It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans.

Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins. Pigs can see in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

Vishnu first Matsya avatar was a DOLPHIN –that is why NO human being eats dolphin. 

In this purana ,  the dolphin saved the Vedas , which contained the blue prints for the cosmos and DNA codes of life on earth.  It has been proved recently that dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures. 

They are conscious animals and pass the mirror test.  Only humans , Indian elephants  and apes like bonobos and dolphins pass the mirror test. Dolphins are second only to humans in smartness. MRI scans indicate that these marine mammals are self-aware. Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to be present only in humans.

Christianity lifted the story to have a male and female specimen of each species in a stupid NOAH s ark. While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA codes.

nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai:
antha: thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam /
nishprathyooha tharanga ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa
Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha: maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING:
“The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC

The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz.-

The sound emitted by the dolphins, has a frequency of 7.83 hertz which is the same as the Hindu king Mantra OM and the earth’s heart beat ( Schumann’s resonance ) .   Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. No Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM . 

From the conch OM sound comes as its innards are shaped by the morphogenetic consciousness field or BrahmAn.  Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts.   This sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide.

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing. When you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786 -- the holy number on every Koran.

Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

Humans cannot hear less than 20 Hertz- but our hearts can hear it.


Dolphins are attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation during underwater research.

Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !
*******************************************************************************
INDIA STANDS TALL -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


TRIUMPH FOR ANNA HAZARE --

TRIUMPH OF WE THE INDIAN PEOPLE, THE CONSTITUTION AND ITS WATCH 

KEEPERS, THE PARLIAMENT-- 


WIN-WIN-WIN SITUATION

The whole world has been watching us over the past 2 weeks. 

Yes India stands tall. 

My memories go back to the year 1980. I was a young strapping Chief Mate of the SCI ship Vishwa Ajay. It was a fantastic multipurpose ship, made in Warnemunde. It could do 25 knots, had huge jumbo derricks, was fully automated , and could make profit on a voyage by just carrying refrigerated cargo, or vegetable oils in deep tanks.

But it had a serious problem. All six sister A class ships had stability problems.  By the time I joined Vishwa Ajay, 3 of the sister ships had angle off loll and became unstable with huge list. In fact just as I joined Vishwa Amitabh has a angle of loll in-- hold your breath--Bombay lock gates. The first two ships one of them was Vishwa Aditya had angle of loll while taking to the blocks at dry docks.

We were due for dry docks and the ship was discharging at Hamburg, just before dry docking at HDW dry dock. I was given instructions NOT to discharge hold no 1 , which contained coffee beans in bags. This was to bring the trim down from 20 feet to a reasonable 4 feet.

As soon as the Tech Suptd came from SCI Bombay, I told him to arrange for a meeting with the drydock bosses. I had to bypass the Captain who had come up from the ranks and had zilch understanding of stability ( no names ) --his nick name was fuck-knows-step*#$&se--I can see many of you smiling wryly already.

The German yard bosses came , quite qualified and intelligent men. I told them " I want to avoid dry docking in a graving dock with coffee beans in No 1 hold, as the quality will get deteriorated with paint spray , lack of ventilation etc. Is it possible for the ship to dry-dock at that HDW floating dry dock."

I took them to the porthole and pointed it out. "The idea is to reduce the virtual loss of GM due to upthrust while taking the aft most block, at nearly 16 feet of trim".

They did NOT understand , so I had to go to the blackboard and explain with formulas and diagrams. Where the dry dock would be trimmed , so that the difference between the trims of dock blocks and the ship's keel would be just 4 feet. 

Suddenly the hull side young boss said " Yes, Chief , I have studied ship stability , I know what you mean. I will give you the answer tomorrow PM !.  Meanwhile congratulations-- You may be knowing that such an attempt will be the FIRST on this planet"

Later at night, we had gone out to Reeperbahn ( St Pauli ) and while having a couple beers , my junior officer said " Saab, I have heard of you from your batch mates. Your nick-name as a cadet was Mr India , right?.  Half of it was because of your muscles and the other half for always saying again and again that India would be world's No 1 super-power country by 2020, and that Brazil would be No 2.  Saab, today you made me proud of being an Indian .  The highly qualified Germans were in awe of you. "

I laughed it off  " Only if India can root out corruption-- and Brazilians think sex , booze and music ain't everything!" 
.
Of course,  we did the docking after 3 days on a floating HDW Hamburg dry dock, with entire cargo discharged --and the dry dock trimmed . 

When the ship sat on the blocks , I as the Chief Officer sat in the control room of the shore dry dock.  Any problems, with dock trimming / ballasting and  I would abort, before the floating dry dock and the ship capsized in the water-- a terrible disaster to imagine .

To calculate virtual loss of GM :-

P= t X MCTC/ LCF ( t is trim in cms )
virtual loss of GM= PX KM/W ( where W is displacement in tonnes )

Not many people realise that KM reduces with trim. This is why the 3 A class ships had angle of loll.

I had made sure of the fluid GM of W =Vishwa Ajay by shifting the heavy jumbo boom suddenly, and measuring the period of roll with a stop watch --and averaged it over 5 attempts.

Square root of GM  ( feet ) = 0.44 X  (breadth in feet / Time period of roll in seconds) .

Many years later Vishwa Anuraag and Vishwa Apurva would sink at sea.

Another 9 years before we get to 2020.  Corrupt Indians have stashed away 3 TRILLION US dollars of slush money in foreign banks and lockers ( gold/ diamonds )  -- Swiss banks have 1.8 trillion of this.money in currency alone"



Anna Hazare had given hope to 1.2 billion Indians who are sick and tired of rampant, brazen corruption. Where the nation's prime minister Manmohan Singh declares that his hands are tied due to compulsions of coalition politics, and that he does NOT have a magic wand . But he had a magic wand when he and Sonia Gandhi capitulated to the west over India's nuclear sovereignty.

Well we have a magic wand in Anna, and this 74 year old man's hands are NOT tied!

I must strike a word of caution, here.  A lot of NGOs' are corrupt. I can vouch for this.  

Most of the foreign enemies of India use local NGOs' to push their agenda using heavy money. A lot of NGOs' are just agents of corruption.  First probe the NGO units of Kiran Bedi whose main thrust was to score brownie points for herself, and Kejriwal (who has yet to learn the art of negotiations).

Rothschild owned Christian organizations like MORMONS are infiltrating India.  Mormons bribe NGOs' heavily to push their agenda. . Exactly how drug running Rothschild owned East India company infiltrated India and took over the country and made us slaves. 

Anna Hazare must not be hijacked by Kejriwal and party. NGOs' must be audited under Jan Lokpal. This is a huge conspiracy. Rather Indian Govt should ban Mormons.  Punch into Google search MORMONS BANKROLLED BY ROTHSCHILD-VADAKAYIL.

Has anybody ever wondered from where Naxalites and Assam rebels get their money, to pay salary to their cadres?

And we don't want "crane" nay "Akali sword" nay "ghoonghat" nay Kiran--  Bedi playing SUPER COP  patronising the public, and playing to the gallery.


In July 1994, Kiran Bedi, the then Inspector-General of Prisons of Tihar Jail was pulled up by the Supreme court of India ignoring the apex court directives for providing PARTIAL AID to a foreign under-trial prisoner by initiating contempt proceedings against her.  She escaped from punishment despite being heavily reprimanded, in view of her winning the Rothschild sponsored Magsasay Award, the court exonerating her from further proceedings. Rather, it was the other way around.

Poor Rahul Gandhi has screwed it up with poor timing and reading out a pathetic political speech from paper ( probably written by Mani Shanker Aiyar ).   Varun Gandhi upstaged him royally by speaking extempore from the heart -- bearing in mind "THE WILL OF, WE ,THE PEOPLE".




Amitabh Bachchan got his first Bollywood role and first National award on written orders of Indira Gandhi. This letter scan is on the internet.



Above -- Amar Singh ( rolling in hundreds of embezelled crores, and on whose neck the guillotine will soon fall ) with his beloved brother and his "ONLY daughter-in-law" --sniff !!  They all deserve each other.

And to all the MPs's in parliament who got hoppin' mad at Om Puri, for telling that lot of them are uneducated and of low IQ.  Truth is bitter, ladies and gentlemen .  An apple never falls far from the tree.  Nowadays like Bollywood sons and daughters we have a similar MPs's sons and daughters shoved down our hapless throats.

NO MORE SLAM DUNKING OF CORRUPT DEALS,  BY ELECTED REPRESENTATIVES OF PEOPLE, IN A BRAZEN, "CATCH ME IF YOU CAN" MANNER.

There are times in life , when you have to stop being a fence sitter , take a firm stand, and be an Indian who loves his country-- to hell with all other bullshit roles.
*******************************************************************************
HONEY , QUANTUM FOOD- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Today when Anna Hazare broke his fast at 10 AM with a drink in a steel tumbler, my younger son asked me " Is that milk?"

I said " Milk will kill him after 2 weeks of fasting, when his immunity is weak, as it is a breeding ground for bacteria!  No doctor will be that stupid "

So me wife remarked " Gandhiji always broke his fast with lime juice sweetened with sugar!"

I replied " If his doctors are any good, they will give him fresh tender coconut water mixed with honey, it will be a quantum INSTANT ENERGY carbohydrate drink cum immunity booster, having anti-oxidants . Good natural honey harbours no bacteria. It will also heal peptic ulcers in an empty stomach attacked by digestive acids. This is how the ancient Kerala Maharshis broke the fasts after severe penance "

After about two hours it was declared on TV , that the drink was indeed coconut water and honey.

If you want to know more about coconut water punch into google search QUANTUM DRINK COCONUT WATER- VADAKAYIL.

Now i have to talk about quantum food honey.



Honey found in the tombs inside the pyramids of  Egyptian Pharaoh's , was edible and good. And there was a big propaganda by rich honey beehive owners--who were feeding their bees with artificial sweeteners.. 

Let me tell them something. Pharaoh got his NATURAL honey from Kerala, which hold the wildest tropical sweet nectar bearing flowering trees on this planet. It was shipped across in Rosewood containers, available only in Kerala-- to prevent oxidation.



This honey was superior AAA grade and in addition was ENHANCED BY SCALAR ENERGY EMANATING FROM THE 12 STRAND DNA OF MAHARSHIS. 



The honey gets deteriorated by high temperatures in Egypt otherwise. Just heating to 36 deg C , causes more than 210 quantum components which are anti-bacterial to get neutralised. Heating to 38 deg C destroys the enzyme invertase. 

MODERN REIKI PRACTITIONERS HAVE RE-INVENTED VEDIC SCALAR ENERGY ENHANCEMENT OF FOOD IN A BIG WAY.



Once the honey is enhanced by scalar energy it does not caramelise even in high desert temperatures. 

The Egyptian queens wanted it as a skin moisturiser,to prevent hair loss and as a perfect sweetener. 

Honey increases sexual performance in men and improves sleep quality and memory.



If you have sugar, it enters the blood stream only after digestion and conversion. Honey does NOT have to be digested, that is the magic part. It has been digested by bees already and then inverted and concentrated.  Pure honey is considered Kosher by the Jews though vomited out by bees.



Scalar energy enhanced grade AAA honey can be used on wounds and burns -- even for diabetic people. Its pH value is around 4 ( acidic ) and hence bacteria cannot multiply or survive. 

It prevents the dressing from sticking to the wounds and hence is easy to use fresh dressings. It also prevents battle scars.

Even today Kerala hardly does artificial bee hive keeping. The honey in hives exist on trees in the western ghat forests in great abundance. This natural honey has a rich distinctive aroma.  This scent is the same aromatic volatile oils in the fresh wild tropical flowers . 

This natural nectar taken in by the bees has very high sugar concentration. Ordinarily to obtain 450 grams ( a small bottle ) of pure honey, 16000 bees must visit 9.5 million flowers--around 7200 work hours. 

The 3 different sugars are dextrose (34% ) , sucrose ( 2%) and fructose (40% ) water ( 17% ) and 7 % of minerals, vitamins, elements, acids, hormones and proteins. 

This 7% is what the quality of honey is all about. 

If the nectar is taken from a good rich nectar source the honey works quantum magic on the  human body .

In the hive the bees use their honey stomachs to ingest and REGURGITATE several times till it is digested, and the end product reached a desired quality. Only then it is stored in honeycomb cells.  

After the final regurgitation the honey cell is left unsealed, for it is still high in water content and natural yeasts, which can cause fermentation.. The bees now use their wings as fans to evaporate the water. This raises the sugar concentration too.

Nowadays useless artificial honey from bees force fed with artificial sugar and molasses in bee hives, has bacteria in it. This is why it has to be radiated with gamma rays to destroy Clostridium Botulinium endospores, and hence is NOT quantum food. Such honey cannot be used to embalm a dead Pharaoh.

Ayurvedic texts written in 5000 BC talks in great detail of uses and antibacterial effects of pure natural quantum honey. 


"Vaatalam guru sheetam cha raktapittakaphapaham| Sandhatru cchedanam ruksham kashayam madhuram madhu||

"It has sweetness with added astringent as end taste. It is heavy, dry and cold. Its effect on doshas (imbalances) is that it aggravates vata (air / moving forces), scrapes kapha (mucus / holding forces) and normalizes pitta (catabolic fire) and rakta (blood). It promotes the healing process."

It was used for instant relief from sore throats.

Just before dawn, when I open the front door, I can see hundreds of multi coloured birds drinking nectar from the flowering trees in my yard. We used to have our own resident bee hives. We get rid of them by burning fires underneath -- as the bees keep our pet cats too busy. The squirrels drink honey too- and the stalking cats keep them on their toes.

Since the past 15 years I start off my morning with a drink of Kerala wild honey and lime ( when on leave ) . That is why at the age of 55 you don't see a line on mE face .





A word of caution here. Bees are pollinators. Nature is NOT about stupid plastic gardens like Singapore without birds, bees and squirrels. They are reduced to do artificial pollination, thanks to the mobile phone towers, too much of insecticide and artificial fertilisers. In playing to the gallery and making the tourists say WOW the muffs have screwed up their country, so much so that they need water from Malaysia. 

India must reduce the radiation limit of all the 3G towers from 10W/ Sq m to 5--  cut down by half-- or we go the Singapore way, no bees for pollination -- all plastic ! 

You cannot go against nature. The British tried to feed their cows with non vegetarian meals , to get more milk and beef, and the result was mad-cow disease , requiring total extermination.

The greatest value of bees is NOT in the honey, but in the service they do as pollinators. In USA it has been quantified that 88% of the crops are dependant on the honey bee. The bee hive owners sometimes put all the blame on African bee invasions which is bullshit. 

When there is NO natural nectar available in nearby flowers, they feed them with honey. This causes deadly wars between different colonies of bees. Honey banks are raided and carried away to another colony--in a vicious circle. Thousands of bees die, and only foul weather or nightfall can stop this madness caused by ONE stupid man.
*******************************************************************************
VRAT, A RESOLUTION TO EMPOWER CONSCIOUSNESS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


A couple of days ago, one of my foreign friends asked me " What is all this bullshit mass fasting going on in India ?" 


( he was referring to Anna Hazare )

I told him " It is NOT just a simple fast, it is a VRAT, I will be blogging on it and you can read it from there"


So here it is--



A VRAT is a self resolution.  

It is about accepting some rigid self discipline and sticking to it. 

People when they want to even TURN OVER A NEW LEAF , do a vrat as a ritual. It is a thousand times more stronger than a bullshit new year resolution.




This is always a goal in mind. It is about harnessing your meandering mind , which aids self focus to awaken your dormant powers within. 

Vrat has been given pride of place in Sanatana Dharma or Hinduism. 



You don't harm anybody by doing your Vrat. The practical aspect is linked a lot to regulation of diet or even abstaining from sex , rather some type of austerity.

It has a spiritual tinge and hence it sends a message to an onlooker about how resolute you are in achieving your goal,  that you are firm as a rock and unwilling to surrender to destiny--that you plan to forge the hinges of your destiny on your own terms. 

Non-violence, love, truth , unselfishness, sacrifice, grace, honesty form the warp and weft of this vrat fabric.  Optimism , courage , perseverance , contemplation and fortitude form the fibre.



Let me talk about a Sabarimala pilgrimage Vratam.

Let is be on record that Sabarimala attracted 48 million pilgrims on the season which ended in Jan 14th sunset, at Makara Vilakku (Sankranti)  day.  




On Makara Vilakku day itself 1.4 million pilgrims thronged at this small hillock. The temple collected 1.3 billion US dollars, in a season of 2 months

Mecca Kaaba in comparison attracts just 1.8 million pilgrims annually.  The great Kumbh Mela attracts just 45 million pilgrims. This makes Sabarimala the largest pilgrim centre on this planet.

Sabarimala temple is a Hindu pilgrimage centre on the Western Ghats mountain range of Kerala. A divine light ( a Vedic camphor homam ) is lit as an unbroken tradition since the past 6000 years.

The Vatican has fudged records to make Lord Ayyapan a recent phenomenon.  There is a mosque on the forest trek path. It is a very ancient temple converted into a mosque. The Vatican and the Jews ( Rothschild ) , to show that their religions are older have cooked up imaginary conversations between a Muslim and Lord Ayyappa.  Islam  is a recent religion like Christianity, and Judaism , while Hinduism or Sanatana Dharma is 11000 years old.



The pilgrims have to observe a 41 day VRAT or penance , before they go to the temple . There are no cheaters. Nobody monitors, as it is about your own mind cleansing.



For 41 days the pilgrims abstain from sex, alcohol, cigarettes, non-vegetarian food, foul language and  lack of discipline.

They have to wear black cotton clothes, be barefooted ( in preparation for a steep forest mountain trail trek )  and cannot shave or cut their hair, to remind them of their vrat and their determination  keep away from worldly objects of pleasure, and NOT to hurt the feelings of others.



They have to bathe twice a day and visit the local temple to offer prayers. They sleep for 41 days on the floor without pillows. Sabarimala pilgrimage is a great leveller. 



On the first day the pilgrim will be initiated by a Guru Swami, who has undertaken 18 successive years of Sabarimala pilgrimage. He has to present himself after a bath, clean shaven with nails trimmed. A sanctified Mala or garland of Rudrakha beads is put on the neck, while chanting the mantra, "Swamiye  Sharanamayyappa" . Women between 9 and 50 cannot be pilgrims.

At the moment of Makaravikkaku millions of throats look at a single light and chant an electriying and hair rasing "Swamiye Sharanamayyappa". This sends out a soliton field over the planet.  Millions of coconuts are broken. Every coconut is broken with intention.




Punch into Google search VEDIC QUANTUM INTENTION EXPERIMENT- VADAKAYIL
Vrat helps you to prepare the mind for meditation and contemplation--rather observing yourself inwards. It does NOT mean instant liberation from sins.




If Anna Hazare undertook a Vrat of fasting ( he drank only water for 2 weeks ) , it was NOT to hold a gun on anybody's head as TV channels with an agenda, kept tom-tomming. 

It was all about steadfastness in purpose. Nothing can bar the way of such a determined soul--never mind that the whole world is against you..


I wish people in Libya understand the power of Vrat and non-violence. People on such a courageous path burn bridges behind them. 

Or do they want to go the Iraq way?



Libya has the world's best quality crude oil -- there are many who are eyeing this oil the way a spider would look at a fly.

The Libyan rebels have been armed to the teeth with the latest automatic machine guns--  if my memory serves me right, few years ago, the Al Queida was also armed in the same manner by the Yanks, and we had Rambo III riding away into the sunset with Bin Laden and company behind him to the land of hope ,  Pakistan ( last scene ) after blasting all the Russians to eternity. TSK ! TSK!!


Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil
*******************************************************************************
THE BANYAN TREE AND SINGULARITY-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


DNA FROM COSMOS-- EVENT HORIZON-- BLACK HOLE - BINDU-- SPACE TIME CURVATURE-  ABSOLUTE CONSCIOUSNESS




Above is India's highest award --given to the Jewel of India-- a banyan tree leaf. 


 


Above is a small excerpt from the speech of the great Indian mystic ( Nikola Tesla's guru ) on 11th Sept 1893, at the World Parliament of religions , at Chicago, attended by 27 million people. As soon as Vivekananda started with " Sisters and brothers of America" the whole jam packed hall rose to their feet and gave him a standing ovation of more than 3 minutes --of inexplicable rapture.

 

Two decades ago, while in the Pacific ocean, my Chief Officer told me a story when I went up to bullshit with him in his evening watch. 

He said that his family runs a restaurant on the Mumbai Pune highway. The Paav Vadas are so tasty, that even top film stars make sure they stop their cars and have it. 

Then one day, the cook who had been serving their family for decades, suddenly decided to start his own restaurant nearby. And naturally, there was a switch of customer loyalty and  exodus, to the other restaurant-- as all knew he was the guy who made the stuff. 

Pretty soon, everybody came back , like prodigal son--total re-polarisation.  And my Chief Offiecrs family was unable to figure out why the same cook could NOT make the same tasty fare again. 

The reason was given to them by their family pundit. In the middle of the restaurant yard , they had a huge shady Banyan tree. It was the energy vibes generated by the banyan tree which make the Paav so soft n fluffy ( burger buns basically ) and the Vada ( spicy potato bonda ) so tasty.

Max Mueller who worked for drug running Rothschild owned British East India Company, was instructed by Thomas Babington Macaulay to belittle the great Hindu religion .  It was all about Christianity and Judaism needing to shine, at the expense of Hinduism. How petty they could get is what follows.






It is written in the Rig Veda written in Sanskrit in 5000 BC, that the Vat Vriksha ( belittled by Vatican as the banyan tree , under which Banias held their shopkeeping business ) has a spiritual role in human life and must be revered. It was always a wonder as to how ageless a banyan tree can be. The tree which Alexander the great wrote in his records , as providing shelter to 8000 of his soldiers is still living. 

   

The tree symbolises eternal life, due to its unending expansion. It is also called the Kalpaka Vriksha or the wish full filling tree, in the Atharva Veda. In the Bhagawat Gita Lord Krishna praises the tree as immortal.Sanatana Dharma ( Hinduism ) is known as a giant banyan tree, under whose shade a thousand faiths bloom. 



For this is a tree that does NOT grow out of the soil. It grows out of its own branches. The seed alights on the branch, germinates from there and produces handing roots that invade the soils to grow into a new tree. After a couple of centuries the host tree does NOT exist any more, like how the human race changes form.


In Bhagawat Gita Sri Krishna tells Prince Arjuna before the great war. " Of all the trees I am the Banyan tree". This is where the creation and destruction of the Cosmos comes. This concept of Singularity ( which even Einstein did NOT understand ) or the Bindu of the Sri Yantra sacred geometry,  I will explain later in this same post.



  
So in 1858 German Jew Max Mueller, put the age of the Great banyan tree of Acharya Jagdish Chandra Bose Botanical garden , Howrah, near Calcutta to 60 years. So today if you see Rothschild promoted free encyclopedia  Wikipedia on Internet, its says that this tree is just 200 years old. 


    
When Max Mueller saw this timeless milleniums old tree, it covered 4.8 acres of land or nearly 15000 square metres, with about 3000 aerial roots invading the soil as fresh trees--but all interlinked as one giant tree..as a great tangle of branches , roots and trunks. In those days this single tree looked like a great forest having a circumference of 1.2 kilometers. 



How petty can human nature get -- how low can a human being be reduced to?




Rightly after Independence the Indian Govt has chosen Banyan tree as our national tree, for here is a  a tree that regenerates unlike other trees, and is immortal unless sabotaged.. 




In every traditional Hindu temple there is a Banyan tree or a Peepal tree on the East side. Peepal is also called Bodhi tree, under which Gautama Buddha got enlightened 3900 years ago.


The Banyan tree is the male equivalent and Peepal is the female counterpart. The Peepal leaf is tender heart shaped which flaps with a gentle breeze and has a tapering long tail. 



The Banyan leaf is elliptical , shiny , stiff and leathery .The Peepal has a single truck while the larger and taller Banyan tree has several trunks. 




The leaves contain water and even if you light a bonfire underneath , nothing happens to the leaves, as is seen at Sabarimala where thousands of coconuts are burnt with ghee in the havanam . The intelligence of the tree lies in teh water content of the leaves. 

Every single village in India has a Banyan tree who stood as a mute spiritual witness to deeds conducted under it. Every village held court, without written records under it, the tree being the sole witness. Under this tree people do NOT tell lies, lest the spirits in the tree get offended. Provoking the spirits within the tree brings misfortune and ill health. 

So the mighty Banyan tree is the tree of knowledge and the tree of life, as it was the focus of the Panchayat community and the village council. Of course it provided as good  shade and friendly vibes to hundreds of people who sat under it.. Instant justice was provided under the canopy of this majestic sacred tree of wisdom. People behaved themselves under a Banyan tree, where the village deity is installed. It was rather an outdoor temple, with the main truck having a platform built around it. .  



It is about culture--people without culture will never understand this. In India when we are respectful to our parents , it is a part of our culture, and is programmed into our DNA. If you see America TV soaps, all for the sake of canned laughter, just see how a daughter insults her father of a son insults his mother, on wife insults the husband in front of her children. Thank god we do not have such bullshit uncultured serials in India even today. 




  
In ancient days the stutterers and the stammer party used to lick honey out of a Peepal leaf to get magic cures. Women keep vrat , walk clockwise around the tree 7 times , and tie sacred thread around the tree, to be removed when the vow is full filled.




Peepal leaf art has taken off in a bid way. You can soak a leaf in water and separate the pulp from the veins. The image of Lord Krishna as a young baby floating on a leaf down the river, sucking on the big toe is of particular religious significance. If you keep this image on a black background, the image comes alive. Remove the background and the image fades like magic.




When you have a big bang which created the cosmos, you need to have a black hole singularity too. This is commonsense which Albert Einstein and party ignored despite being very proficient with Indian Vedas. 


The Bindu of the Sri yantra represents singularity. The cosmos expands and contracts at regular cycles as explained by Sri Krishna in the Bhagawat Gita--just like inhalation and exhalation.


As per the Vedas the sole witness to the cosmic deluge is Maharishi Markandeya. 



  

It was stated by the Lord in the Vedas: “Oh, Human! This village of yours is balanced on the banyan leaf and your lifespan is just a like a drop of water running down that leaf, which may fall any minute.” 

Suddenly, amongst all the confusion, Markandeya noticed a banyan leaf floating on the ocean, tossed by the waves. On this unlikely raft lay a beautiful and adorable child, suckling his right toe, unperturbed by the calamity that had befallen the world. It was Krishna as Balaji, the newborn cosmic child.
The infant's heavenly smile negated the brutality of the pralaya (cosmic deluge). His compassionate glance reassured Markandeya that life would go on, convincing him that the world never ends, but only changes.

When Markandeya went close to this baby, he was sucked in with the air, when the baby took a breath. 

Inside, he saw hundreds of thousand of universes and all that had been consumed by the deluge - the skies, the seas, the earth, gods, demons, humans, animals and plants. 

So much so, that he even had a glimpse of his own Ashram on the banks of the Subhadra River. He saw himself sitting in meditation. Markandeya thus realized that the child was none other than the cosmic god (Narayana) who had withdrawn the world into himself. 




In that vast sea he again saw the banyan tree growing on the tiny island and the infant boy lying within the leaf. The child ( Vishnu ) glanced at him from the corner of His eyes with a smile imbued with the nectar of love, and Markandeya took Him into his heart through his eyes. Greatly agitated, the sage ran to embrace the transcendental Personality of Godhead.




At that moment the Supreme Personality of Godhead, who is the original master of all mysticism and who is hidden within everyone's heart, became invisible to the sage, just as the achievements of an incompetent person can suddenly vanish.
After the Lord disappeared, O brahmana, the banyan tree, the great water and the dissolution of the universe all vanished as well, and in an instant Markandeya found himself back in his own hermitage, just as before.
Here Lord Vishnu after reversing the big bang, turned himself into a child ( read as DNA from cosmos ) as small as that could fit on a tiny leaf of a banyan tree, floating in the Aakasha , until he himself decides to recreate everything back out from himself.


 

YOU WILL REALISE THIS "DNA FROM COSMOS" CONCEPT IS VERY DIFEFRENT FROM THE LIFTED NOAH'S ARC , "MALE AND FEMALE ANIMAL" CONCEPT IN THE BIBLE.





The black hole or singularity ( gravitational ) , the point at which the space time curvature becomes infinite , is represented by Bindu on the Sri Yantra --the divine geometric representation of this cyclic big-crunch and the big- bang.. 



Singularity existed before the big-bang. 



The outside observer is NOT affected by events beyond the "event horizon" --the boundary beyond spacetime. 




ahaḿ sarvasya prabhavo
mattaḥ sarvaḿ pravartate

I am the origin of everything
Everything comes from me
Varahamihira the great Astrologer and astronomer from wrote 4600 years ago,  in the opening of his Samhita, “ It has been said in Vedas that the first primeval thing was darkness, which is not identical with the black colour, but a kind of non-existence like the state of a sleeping person.  The big bang is merely a prelude to the big crunch, and the universe is caught in an infinite cycle of expansion and contraction, symbolizing the primordial black-hole like state is Aditi, the mother of all mothers and the mother of the cosmos .


The Vedic seers have regarded her to be the origin of light also. She represents the state of things anterior to division. Thus she is the state of pure existence, which by passing through the course of division assumes the form of the world of diversity. As a matter of principle, everything in the universe tends to get restored to its original source, Adithi is also considered to be the ultimate destiny of world into which everything will merge at the end".


Colours exist only in our consciousness. The electromagnetic waves spectrum is colourless.. The day a computer can tell the moral of a story or laugh at a subtle joke the same way as a human, it becomes conscious.



We exist in the dot or Turiya or stillness of OM, in absolute consciousness-- which is the equilibrium of Bindu. We are unaware of the zero point field , as a fish is unaware of the water..


Hindus' do NOT keep bonzai trees of banyan with them, as it brings bad luck. Sri Krishna died ( as he willed- iccha mrityu ) under a banyan tree, shot on the foot by an archer, whom he had killed in his previous birth.

If you get high on Soma ( the ancient super LSD ) you will see banyan tree leaves blue in colour, and you can talk to the tree for hours together.


 

 





Below a Mobius coil which produces scalar wave vortex in 3D.  It is impossible to draw the geometry of the Universe on a piece of paper, it can only be described by mathematics.  



Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !
*******************************************************************************
REIKI - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Reiki originated in India in the Vedic period 9000 years ago. 

The 12 strand Maharshis used hand Mudras and Sanskrit sound mantras, and not written symbols. 



These Vedic seers were literally supermen, with king sized pineal glands.  Sanskrit is a divine language from the DNA. When you utter an alphabet, you can see it in your mind's eye, as a form of cymatics.


Buddha who was born 3900 years ago, continued this system with Sanskrit/ Tibetian symbols. Buddha was determined to bring Vedic knowledge to the common man in his own local language. Today the modern Japanese Reiki symbols have been derived from this.



Jesus Christ came to Kerala , India by ship to learn this unique system of healing, and crystal dowsing -- before he burst upon the scene at Jerusalem.  Before Jesus died he had commanded his most intelligent disciple to come to Kerala. St Thomas landed in Kerala in 52 AD, and he died here.



Reiki was re-invented by Dr. Mikao Usui a Japanese man in 1890.  He nearly died of Cholera , and he had a vision of Buddha.  When he told of this the day in the local temple, the Jap priest beat him up and drove him away , and told him never ever to come back.



Dr Usui, did NOT use any Reiki symbols till he trained his last 3 students.

In 1921 Mikao Usui moved to Tokyo and formed the Reki society. By the age of 62 when he died he had a large following. 

Today Reiki has spread all over the world and has come back again to India. My wife is a grandmaster with Karuna / Lightarian Reiki additional strains.

The token payment which Usui wanted for Reiki services ( he found free services had no value in a Jap leper colony )  has now been subverted and Western Reiki masters charge fantastic amounts to do attunements and healings, much against the spirit of this divine channelling force.

For a person with 2 strand DNA out of which 96% is junk, symbols increases the energy flow. It works on the root cause of the disease within the sub-conscious mind. The human body is nothing but energy. Reiki balances the left and right brain lobes. 



Reiki can be used to charge an object (including food) with scalar energy. Reiki energy can be beamed across the planet through worm holes , with NIL loss of strength faster than light.  



Nikola Tesla was introduced to this scalar energy by Swami Vivekananda, a great Indian mystic. Reiki connects with Akashic records and can go to the past or future.

Punch into google search --

TIME REVERSAL OF BODY CELLS BY SCALAR WAVES- VADAKAYIL

HEALING BY INCREASING CELL VOLTAGE - VADAKAYIL

I found these 1st , 2nd and 3rd degree attunement videos on the net-- just for the curious to check out what is happening. Suggest you get attuned by a proper Reiki Grand Master by paying his fees through your nose, if you want to get initiated. 



A lot of Grand Masters are quite upset about such Reiki Videos and Symbols being FREELY available on the net. 

My wife herself had to commit the 4 symbols ( Cho Ku Rei / Sei He Ki / Hon Sha Ze Sho Nen / Dai Ko Myo ) to memory and destroyed the paper, as required by her master.

( My wife is a Reiki grandmaster with an official lineage certificate tracing back to Mikao Usui -- she is NOT against this secret revealing post.  To hell with monopoly and greed. )








I have NOT yet seen a single Reiki book talk about why happens during Reiki, and what it is all about. My wife maintains a library of more than 50 Reiki books- they all happily talk about the practical aspects. I have talked to some reiki masters too , and they know zilch. 

Even the founder of Reiki , Mikao Usui did not know what he was doing-- though all this is written in the Vedas..

The following is for all these lost souls-- I believe you should NOT write books with shallow knowledge , just to make moolah.

Reiki energy field cannot be measured as they are scalar. However the field can be photographed with a Kirlean camera. For skeptics-- holding a small double terminated quartz crystal doubles the photographic portion of the aura. 

The aura containes the 7 chakras. The chakras are connected to each other through etheric channels. Holes in the aura occurs due to illness , fear and stress.



The human body generates scalar waves from the mobius coils ( figure of eight ) of the DNA and the mobius coils of the circulatory system. When the left and right sides of the brain lobes and the circulatory system in front of the lungs, are in balance the human body generates scalar waves.




When two energy fields exactly cancel out each other the 5th dimension is accessed which is all pervasive and has the power to heal.

Scalar waves are information carrying waves, and are linked to human consciousness.They are the interface between the mental and physical world. The existence of Scalar waves and the Akashic field ( Zero point field or Aether ) have been known to the Vedic Maharishis since the past 11000 years. 

Every object has its own fundamental frequency, at which it vibrates, also called the resonant frequency. The resonant frequency of the earth is 7.83 hz...  Everything also vibrates to the harmonics of the fundamental frequency.

When a frequency outside the object matched the fundamental frequency,  RESONANCE  occurs causing amplification of the vibrations. Resonance is established by lowering or one side frequency or raising of the other side frequency until union is established allowing reciprocal exchange. . We tune our radio of TV this way. 

A Reiki healer projects white light towards the patient, with disharmonious energy field, with INTENT, to entrain the weaker field, causing resonance to happen. It is about transfer of quantum energy. 


Scalar energy is capable of restructuring water molecules into smaller clusters, thus promoting biochemical functions of water regulated activities within the body--revitalising the metabolic functions. Scalar fields permeate the body tissues and enhance ion transport at cellular level..



Akasha is the womb of creation, bringing forth every physical aspect that can be perceived with the 5 human senses. The Akashic chronicles record everything that has ever happened or will happen in this cosmos.It contains the story of every soul that has lived on our planet. 



The Indian Vedic seer has exploded into a space of consciousness in which inner awareness is spontaneous. Some use Mantras , some use Mudras.

In Reiki when you apply your hands to any part of the body, the energy moves to where it is need. The cells begin to communicate, and healing takes place with generation of heat, due to eddy currents. Reiki knows just where to go to seek balance , just like how the universal water flows down and finds its level.

Scalar waves are ELF longitudinal waves and can penetrate anything.  Submarines communicate in this frequency.  ELF fields can change the characteristics of neurotransmitters and hormones. The intelligence of all the cells in the human body, constitute the sum total of intelligence.

Our cosmos is self aware. Every atom, planet and star is self aware with individuality. Consciousness is NOT restricted to organic life forms alone. 

Come 21st Dec 2012, mankind will break out of the shackles of Freemasons Isaac Newton who stole from Vedas without understanding it, divorcing quantum physics and classical physics. 

Even in this DNA age, the world controlled by Rothschild still do NOT allow Darwin to be expunged from the science text books of school. 

Reiki healing draws on the infinite energy source via Schumann Resonance. When left and right brain lobes are in balance Alpha waves are generated, which resonate in sympathy with Schumann frequency of 7.83 Hz..





















When the human 2 strand , 96% junk DNA,  modifies to 12 strand nil junk DNA, medicines will become obsolete.

In March 2009, Vatican alarmed by infusion of Hindu Sanskrit terms like CHAKRA has banned Reiki from all Catholic institutions.  This is the type of paranoia which made Vatican burn all their Templar Crusader Knights ( Catholic heroes really ) on the stake -- for they were caught doing Kundalini raising, Mudra, Tantra , Chakra cleansing Reiki and chanting Mantras.. .
*******************************************************************************
PROUD TO BE HINDU , PROUD TO BE INDIAN-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



On 21st Dec 2012, I foresee classical science marrying with quantum consciousness, with the advent of Kalki-- the Vishnu avatar.  Also touted by the west as avatar , Lord Maitreya.



All humans on this planet will have to exercise their free choice, if they wish to upgrade their 2 strand 96% junk DNA to 12 strand NIL junk DNA.



I foresee an exodus people from all religions on this planet towards a way of life , towards Sanatana Dharma or Hinduism- the only religion without an agenda. 






Hinduism has never advocated conversion, all are aware of this truth. The exodus has already started.



I can see some detractors smirking, why Hinduism of all the blessed religions? Is Hinduism not all about India and her snake charmers and saints ?



Well, the story of India is the history of religion. The more you know, the more you will fall in love with India and Hinduism .


Read on folks, this could be the turning point of your lives.



Sanatan Dharma is the original name of Hinduism. Hinduism is a recent term coined by the invaders.



SANATANA means " that which holds eternal Vedic knowledge"-- encompassing everything from microcosm to macrocosm. 



DHARMA means " righteousness".  Dharma leads to eternal bliss, both in this world and the next. It is your sole and soul companion after death.  Human acts without conscience which creates conflict is called Adharma. This is the reason why India has never invaded any other country. 



Dharma leads you on the path of self realisation. Dharma includes adhara or regulation of daily life as per your conscience and written Vedic laws. 

The fundamentals of Dharma as per the Bhagwat Gita are-- respect, truth, grace, restraint, love, non-violence, restraint, lack of jealousy and greed, knowledge of self and austerity.



Hinduism is the mother of all religions.  It is 11500 years old, while the next oldest religion is just 2500 years old.  Its spiritual books the Vedas were written in Sanskrit 7000 years ago , when the rest of the world was doing grunt grunt for communications.



Sanatana Dharma respects the planet along with its flora and fauna. It is the only religion which advocates vegetarianism. Manu , the ancient law giver was a committed environmentalist. Manu wrote that polluting the environment was a punishable offence.



Manu’s laws in Manava Dharma Shastra , are in 100000 verses in 24 books and was propagated from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam in 7000 BC by the great Indian Emperor who ruled these lands. These laws were given 5300 years before Hammurabi who lifted wholesale from these laws, leaving aside kindness to the environment and social grace. 



In Manu’s laws a person could be ex-communicated from society for mindless felling of tress or killing of animals, the way the English speaking white man shot the buffalo and exterminated the Indian American , or how the Australian Aborigine race was exterminated..



In Manu’s laws destruction of nature was the destruction of the state. Yet we Indians get lectured by the West daily, nowadays , on antipollution and the need to be environment friendly.


 The whole idea of Vaastu was to construct something without disturbing the flow of nature and interrupting natural flow of energy. It is about peaceful co-existence and comfort.

Hindu Vedas and mantras revere,  nay , worship nature , and its flora and fauna. Many animals and birds were vehicles of god. The deities of Hinduism permeate the world of nature.  

Earth is personified as Godess Bhudevi , the consort of Lord Vishnu- the preserver, the middle prong of Shiva’s  Tamas Rajas (yin-yang)  trishul . Mata Bumih Putroaham prithviahah.  Earth is my mother and I am her son.

You don’t have to live in India to be a Hindu. You could be a Catholic living in England, as long as you have a conscience, live in harmony with nature ,  grateful for her natural bounties, do not dominate and harass other living beings, have inherent grace and know your “duties”.. You must understand that human beings are just but a link in this symbiotic chain of life and consciousness.


There can be NO inquisition in Hinduism. When the heroic Catholic Templar knights embraced Hinduism after excavating Solomon’s temple , they were burnt at the stake by the Vatican. If these knights wanted they could have run all over France and the Vatican. It was their new vegetarian “Pagan” faith which prevented them from doing so. By the way Jesus Christ became a vegetarian ( so was Mary Magdalene ) after he visited Kerala for learning meditation and healing.

You cannot be a Hindu heretic , because there is no standard set of dogmas in Hindu faith , written or unwritten, from which deviation could make you a heretic. 

Openness is the essence of Hinduism.  



Gratitude is inherent, which makes this religion noble . Example: A Hindu will never ever neglect his aged and vulnerable parents.  

Divorce rate within Hindus is the lowest in the world--it is a mindset . Marriage is NOT based on lust, but by sacred commitment of 7 pheras around a holy fire. No Hindu woman will go for silicon implants to save her marriage. 

A true Hindu will not exploit vulnerability. Hinduism does not allow you to breach a trust. When a Hindu says "thank you", he really means it. When a Hindu greets you with a Namaste, he bows to the greatness in you. 

There is great tolerance to other cultures and spiritual paths. The heart of Hinduism is oneness and inclusivity..  

The Vedic rishis had stressed, there are many paths to the final goal.  


This is why Hinduism has a multiplicity of Gods and Goddesses. This is why Hinduism abjures all divides and separates. It happily embraces all different paths.  

15% of the people on this planet are Hindu. It evolved in 9000 BC. In 7000 BC Hindu temples existed from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam-- during the benevolent rule of Aryan Indian king Emperor Vikramaditya. 

Hinduism is a spiritual code. Know thyself is the quintessence.  

It has no founder or a Supreme head. There is NO supreme middleman like the Pope who can canonise a human into a saint, by hoodwinking the unsuspecting masses. 

It is a movement based on principles or evolved over time code of Dharma. It is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations. 

Hinduism does NOT care for individual leadership or hierarchy. 

This is the wonder of Hinduism. I don't care to visit temples, I don't care to pray, yet--I am a believing and practising Hindu. 

Hinduism is the world's oldest religion 11000 years old, when the white man's land was under the quaternary ice age sheets. 

Yet, Hinduism is NOT a religion. It is a way of life.  

This is a religion without fundamentals or lack of compulsions. You cannot get ex-communicated for NOT toeing the line. 

This is why India has never attacked any other country in the past history, but has been invaded again and again and again . It is NOT that we did NOT know how to fight--our 6000 year old 3 metre long Kerala Urumi swords broke the sound barrier.
 

It is a faith so unique, that it gives space for every other religion. Hinduism has never claimed to be the only true religion.  

Hinduism has never converted , by guile ( Christian missionaries ) or force ( Muslim ) -- nor has a army of missionaries , ramming it down unwilling throats.

I feel happy as a Hindu to meet people of other faiths, and converse with them, without being burdened by the conviction , that my religion is the best, and I have embarked on the right path, that every one else has missed. 

Though we use the Bhagawat Gita to swear an oath, as set down by our British rulers in court-- we do NOT have a single holy book, like the Bible or Koran. Such has been the tolerance to deviant beliefs.



I am proud of the diversity, the range, and the lofty metaphysical aspirations of Vedanta.

The eternal truths in the Vedas were written by our great seers without junk DNA in their bodies and king sized resonating pineal glands. It is NOT mere speculation of guesswork.  

At the heart of Hinduism remains mans' essential quest for union with the Absolute supreme.



Hinduism is based on reason and NOT faith--unless the faith is an extension of reason. It has its own beliefs, timeless traditions, ethics, rituals, philosophy and theology.  

The Vedas evolved in 7000 BC, but was penned down in 5000 BC, on the banks of the Saraswati. It is NOT a set of preconceived ideas. 

The fundamental deities are Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva. ( Creator/ preserver/ destroyer ) or Tamas/ Sattva Rajas of the Yin Yang trident. 

Ancient India has survived over 12000 years, because Hinduism was developed along Spiritual lines, NOT materialistic lines.  

Hinduism is a living organism-- a vast tree with countless branches. 

For Sanatana Dharma , time is cyclic-like seasons. It is NOT linear like the concept of other religions, which made them focus on death rather than life and NOW..  

Most Hindus believe in the doctrine of reincarnation. This is the belief that each of us has a soul and that our souls are involved in a cycle of birth, death and rebirth.  

Reincarnation is tied closely to the doctrine of karma. Karma is the belief that the actions during the previous life determine the conditions of each person's birth.  

This is the only religion that  has NOT reduced itself to one man, one book, one faith. 


Hindus themselves prefer to use the Sanskrit term sanatana dharma for their religious tradition. Sanatana as “eternal moral order” encourages Hindus to seeks and moral truth wherever it might be found, each individual must realize this truth through his or her own systematic effort.

Hindu scripture, based on the insights of Hindu sages and seers, serves primarily as a guidebook. But ultimately truth comes to us through direct consciousness of the divine or the ultimate reality. as GOD. Hindus refer to it as Brahman.. (This is not to be confused with Brahmin meaning priest.)
In many religions truth is delivered or revealed from a divine source and enters the world through a single agent: for example, Abraham in Judaism, Jesus Christ in Christianity, and Muhammad in Islam. These truths are then recorded in scriptures that serve as a source of knowledge of divine wisdom: the Hebrew Bible, the New Testament of the Christian Bible, and the Koran.
In the Hindu tradition, by contrast, there is no single revelation,  by which people may achieve knowledge of the divine or lead a life backed by religious law.
The Hindu tradition acknowledges that there are many paths by which people may seek and experience religious understanding and direction. It also claims that every individual has the potential to achieve enlightenment. .  

Hinduism’s universal world-view and its willingness to accept and celebrate diverse philosophies, deities, symbols, and practices, makes it a religion that emphasizes similarities and shared characteristics rather than differences.
The Hindu tradition , unlike other religions --has always concerned itself with the human situation rather than the Hindu situation. Instead of basing its identity on separating Hindu from non-Hindu or believer from non-believer, Hinduism has sought to recognize principles and practices that would lead any individual to become a better human being and understand and live in harmony with dharma.
The distinction of dharma from the Western sense of religion is crucial to understanding Hindu religious identity Dharma is an all-important concept for Hindus. In addition to tradition and moral order, it also signifies the path of knowledge and correct action.  

Because of Hinduism’s emphasis on living in accordance with dharma, anyone who is striving for spiritual knowledge and seeking the right course of ethical action is, in the broadest sense, a follower of sanatana dharma.
The chain of births and deaths—is called samsara. 

Samsara is caused by a lack of knowledge of our true self and our resultant desire for fulfilment outside ourselves. We continue to embody ourselves, or be reborn, in this infinite and eternal universe as a result of these unfulfilled desires.

The chain of births lets us resume the pursuit. The law that governs samsara is called karma. Each birth and death we undergo is determined by the balance sheet of our karma—that is, in accordance with the actions performed and the dispositions acquired in the past.

Karma is a crucial Hindu concept. According to the doctrine of karma, our present condition in life is the consequence of the actions of our previous lives. The choices we have made in the past directly affect our condition in this life, and the choices we make today and thereafter will have consequences for our future lives in samsara. 


This is why I can go for a function in Calicut and walk back home at midnight with my wife loaded with gold jewellery. The poor homeless sleeping on the street without food in their stomachs and no possessions other than a loincloth would not dream of attacking my wife. 

An understanding of this interconnection, according to Hindu teachings, can lead an individual towards right choices, deeds, thoughts, and desires, without the need for an external set of commandments. Under the doctrine of karma, the ability to make choices remains with the individual.


The sacred fire serves as a witness to the vows exchanged between the bride and the bridegroom. Fire is the only thing on this planet which cannot be polluted. The sacrament of death calls for cremation (burning of the dead body), at the end of which the ashes are collected and deposited, usually by the sea side or in a river.
Hindu gods are regularly displayed with their female counterparts. Tantra involves the balancing of these two aspects—Shiva (representing consciousness) and Shakti (representing energy)—in a manner reminiscent of yin and yang.


Hinduism has neither a beginning or founder, nor a central authority, hierarchy, or organization. a. A further characteristic of Hinduism is the ideal of ahimsa. Ahimsa, “non-injury” or the absence of the desire to harm, is regarded by Indian thinkers as one of the keystones of their ethics. Historically, ahimsa is unrelated to vegetarianism 

  
















TOLERANCE:   The Templar knights got converted to Hinduism ( PAGAN religion ) after laying their hands on the concealed Hindu literature in Malayalam and Sanskrit, from the underground vaults  of King Solomon’s temple. They went into the Ahimsa mode ( non-violent ) . There is NO other explanation that hundreds of these ruthless marauding and seasoned knights allowed themselves to be tortured and burnt at the stake.


Jews have never been persecuted in Kerala over the millenniums. Hebrew religion and Hinduism co-existed, only because Hindus are tolerant . They absorbed the  inherent greed and clannishness of a quintessential Jew , without retaliation or retribution. While the rest of the world targeted the Jews throughout the ages.





11000 years ago-- Hinduism gave this world :--





The consciousness of the double slit quantum experiment observer.


The principle of " mind over matter"


The principle of non-violence or Ahimsa..--and vegetarianism



Tamas Rajas ( Yin-Yang ) principle , of the cosmos


The unity in diversity of more than 3000 languages out of which 2000 exist even today, Cultural forms, Government business and modern education being conducted in 26 languages..



Energy and matter is convertible E= MC2 ( formula used to end the 2nd world war with Nuclear bomb --localised in Hiroshima and Nagasaki )


( it goes further to E=T MC2 as in Vedic BRAHMASTRA, for faster than light Tesla Scalar Interferometry-- formula to start and end World War 3 -- AND TOTAL ANNIHILATION ). Where T is 'delta T ' or change of time. When scalar beams hurtle through hyperspace the flow of time gets redirected temporarily.
 

That biological internet DNA which holds the intelligent force , cannot be destroyed-- mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC as Tvatsa double helix coiled serpents, --to hell with Darwin


Zero point field, The Akasha or Ether and Scalar waves.


The Schuman resonance of 7.83 Hz or OM which triggers quantum tunneling and opens wormholes



The Sri Yantra which contains the elusive theory of everything--which is the FRACTAL geometric design of the universe, or the universal mind.



Yoga


Vedic Nanotechnology from silver colloids for anti-viral medicine to mercury ions for flying saucers to self assembling conscious mantra triggered missiles to invisibility cloaks to waterbased homeopathy.

Multitude of Seers and sages, who have contributed to mankind.


The miraculous powers of MUDRA and Nadi channeling.


Ayurveda-- the holistic medicine


Sanskrit, the worlds oldest written language-- the only unambiguous computer language suitable for N-GRAM NLP and AskMSR


Mathematics of Aryabhatta in 2700 BC


Astronomy 8000 years ago


Quantum butterfly effect of a bloodless sacrifice of breaking a coconut with intention.


Prayer


Tesla's Resonance and CV Raman's Soliton

Expanding and imploding VORTEX mercury gyroscope concept of VIMANAS.


Explanation of the Holographic nature of the universe--where every part is a whole. 

Reprogramming and healing DNA blueprint with Mantras and Scalar longitudinal waves. 

 

That matter is created by vibrations.

Resonating your pineal gland with a Black meteorite stone to speed up the 7 chakras .

The morphogenetic field of consciousness-- the most important thing on this planet--the brahmAn.

 


The inwards BINDU singularity, balancing the outwards big-bang via Tamas-Rajas or Yin-Yang  ( Sri yantra centre spot ). World's oldest architecture based on Sri Yantra vaastu in the form of majestic temples and Egyptian pyramids .




When a foreigner comes to an Indian Hindu Guru for mental solace, the first thing he tells them is NOT to give up their original religion. Some spiritual leaders like Sai Baba even gave this in writing by pamplets and posters.  

It was NEVER to convert-- only to give away free. 
 

It is NOT difficult for people to see that this mother of all religions is the only one, which does NOT have a hidden agenda. 


 

Above Swami Vivekananda's memorable speech at Chicago on 11th Sept 1893, at the World Parliament of Religions

 

ABRAHAM who is common to Christianity, Islam and Judaism is BRAHMA, the creator god of Hinduism. Brahma's wife is Sarawati the goddes of learning . Sara is the wife of Abraham. Hindusim is 110 centuries old, while Christianity is 20 centuries old and Islam is 14 centuries old.

When super genius Indian Mathematician Srinivasan Ramanujan arrived at London,he was greeted by Professor Hardy. Hardy made a innocent remark that the number of the taxi , he came in is 1729-- a boring number. 

Ramanujan looked at the number plate himself and replied casually in a knee jerk manner "No, actually it is a very interesting number. .It is the smallest natural number representable in two different ways as the sum of two cubes" 

--and then this brilliant man told the equation on the spot 



Today the West have recorded this as the HARDY-RAMANUJAN NUMBER. 

Well Hardy listened damn well, right? 

What a joke!

While on this subject-- ancient Vedic 12 strand Maharishis saw numbers as FRACTAL 3D GEOMETRY like our Sri Yantra. A 2 strand DNA person like you and me can never understand what this means. Such knee jerk response for 1729 by Ramanujan is possible only by beautiful minds who can see numbers as pictures.


 

The picture below gives some propaganda. These words are NOT there in the original Vedas. This Shudras being from the feet etc -- is all bullshit . This was added by the clever Brahmins , to cheat the public , and condone their HIGH HANDEDNESS-- that there have been given special powers over the rest by divinity.



Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the Indian Sri Yantra ( which contains the TOE ) based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 8000 BC --see video below.

 



The music notes SA RE GA MA PA DE NI  is written down in Indian Sanskrit tests in 5000 BC and we have ancient Hindu temples with huge hollow pillars which resonate to these notes when struck with a stick.  Then comes along a white Christian invader who steals it and patents it in his name in the from of DO  RE  MI  FA  TO  LA  TI , what should we call him, a great soul or a petty thief?



Punch into google search PERFECT SIX PACK – VADAKAYIL to find out how Italian Fibonacci stole his series and the golden mean of 1.618, and became a world hero.

The British made a big hue and cry when German Jew Sir Frederick William Herschel ( 1738-1822 ) "discovered " Uranus on March 13th 1781--  hi hi the stupid Indians never knew all this. .   Indian Vedic astrology does NOT use Uranus (Shweta ) Neptune ( Shyama) Pluto ( Teevra )- as named in 7000 year old Vedas Vyasa Muni , just because they are too far away to affect your DNA and they stay in one single rashi for too long. 

Ptolemy came to India in 155 AD, and he stole from the astronomical data from Surya Siddhanta (12.85-90) , the most significant being the diameters of Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn . You must understand that these diameters were calculated accurately more than 6 millenniums ago when even the atmospheric refraction of earth was different. 

Much later in 480 AD Pythagoras came to India and stole his theorem, from Arkonam.

Even today the speed of light calculated by most modern means is same as what was calculated in Surya Siddhantam 6000 years ago.


Punch into Google search AGNIHOTRA VADAKAYIL and get shocked out of your pants.

Below: People ask , Vedas have recorded everything-- what about dinosaurs? 




There are two paths in Hinduism.

One is the Advaita ( non-dual ) and the other is Dwaita ( dual ) philosophy of Sanatana Dharma.

The Advaita looks at God as brahmAn, the intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field  -- the akasha ,the space between the electrons in an atom.

The Dwaita form looks at God as the trinity of creator Brahma , preserver Vishnu and destroyer Shiva alos known as Tamas -Rajas- sattwa.  The modern world knows this as Yin-Yang .

Examples:
Energy/ matter
Particle/ wave
Cathode/ anode
Conscious/ subconscious
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Catablism/ anabolism
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Attraction/ repulsion
Excitation/ inhibition
Birth/ decay
Static / dynamic
Organic / inorganic
Freezing/ melting
Vaporization/ condensation
Positive pole/ negative pole
North pole/ southpole magnetic
Ionization/ de-ionistaion
Clockwise vortex/ counterclockwise vortex
Absorption/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Evaporation/ condensation
Conscious/ Subconscious
Left brain lobe/ Right brain lobe

These dual poles are connected via consciousness.  It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles. If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end. This guarantees change, growth and evolution Lessening of Yin- always results in increase of Yang and vice versa.  One cannot exist without the other and they are mutually dependant . Balance can never be permanent—  Yin and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.

Could this 11000 year old Hindu religion be one invented by bumpkin shepherd's or by evolved seers?


Hindustani DeshbhaktAugust 19, 2014 at 11:49 PM
Capt.,
Have told the real story behind Lord Brahma not being worshipped in any of your blogs? I don't think the story of the curse of Lord Shiva is logical..
ReplyDelete
Replies
1.                        Description: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-1TmA2Q8dmoI/UwiDv2Fb3eI/AAAAAAAApp4/Gfi3eJL51UI/s45/*
Capt. Ajit VadakayilAugust 20, 2014 at 1:13 AM
hi hd,

Nobody has understood Hindusim after Adi Shankaracharya of 2000 BC.

The ADVAITA VEDANTA of Adi Shankaracharya tells us that the god of sanatana dharma cannot be picked by the 5 human senses. It is a morphogenetic consciousness field .  
This is the god which Islam has lifted.

In DVAITA VEDANTA we have the trinity of Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva OR the creator – mediator- destroyer. Brahma is brahmAn personified on this template as creator .

In SANKHYA VEDANTA we have brahmAn as PURUSHA witnessing the dance of PRAGATI.

We have personified our gods . The earthy avatars of Vishnu are personified.

When King Kakudmi went to see Brahma with his daughter Revati, Brahma was watching this dance.

The allegories of Sanatana Dharma are NOT meant only for the perceptive. WE have NOT seen too many perceptive Sanskrit scholars lately.

The white Sanskrit scholars – the Doniger types -- are downright STUPID, --that is if she says that she is NOT a double agent !

Hinduism has been murdered by the FAKE mutts and FAKE Shankaracharyas created by the white invader, the white evangelists eager to harvest souls to claim credit from Vatican like insurance agents , their stooges ( the Christian converts ) and the atheists .

Has Swami Vivekananda done anything to reveal the POISON INJECTED by the white invader ? 


It is better that I say NO more !

capt ajit vadakayil
..










Above :  After death when you are cremated and your skull pops, your soul is shot up by a soliton carrier wave to one of these 7 energy layers – depending on your aura energy / kundalini raise .   A moksha soul go to the highest  energy plane.  

Remember you are immortal—  you were born with the stars , at the beginning of cosmic creation.  Your cadaver/ body is like a pair of jeans , you discard on death .



Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older. Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for Guru Brihaspati. .  Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan war where Helen was stolen.
Several people came to India to get a cure for epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights. 

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician. 

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract. 

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang thing--
- but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1 mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before  Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the same thing via advanced Calculus. 

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years before Pythagoras  was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .  And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh  Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below. 

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. 

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge .

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.
So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff. 

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) . 

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale.
The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the west.  

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics ( magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.    

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus, however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever. 

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death.
Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search-
MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the 5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation known to me.” 
  
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just for kicks.  

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger .  Such jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan ( Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. ( AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of devotees. 

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas), however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara, ‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’). 

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit, bhakti, ‘devotion’).  And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter ( heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew. 

 Bartholomew is one of the 12 disciples of Jesus and ismentioned in three Synoptic gospels: Matthew,[10:1–4] Mark,[3:13–19] and Luke,[6:12–16] and also appears as one of the witnesses of the Ascension[Acts 1:4,12,13]; however, each time he is named in the company of Philip.  He is not mentioned in Gospel of John.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.  Kosmas was the author of a stolen world-geography and a book on stolen Kerala astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of consciousness, and there also sight is created from 
understanding.  For there understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from visible light.”

Consciousness ? 

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history—

Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth. 

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon.. 

The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun . 

Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms

Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms

Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms

Diameter of moon 3499 kms

Diametr of earth 12798 kms

The Bhagavad Purana Canto 5, verse 2 says “The sun globe, which is a source of heat, has a width (vistaratah) of 10,000 yojanas. The moon has a width of 25 yojanas”

1 Yojana is 140 kms ( this distance is modern linear - NOT the energy spiral time/ distance path which is mentioned in all our Puranas ).  In reality everything on this cosmos from Macro to Micro   is  spiral energy .

In linear time Prakritti (manifest creation) came forth from the Purusha (the absolute beyond anything created). It is a point from which all came into being. In non-linear time, this point is always present where the ‘nothing’ and the ‘something’ connect beyond words. This space is 108.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/07/oort-cloud-hindu-yugas-and-breath-of.html

Yojana/ Yugas  has been poison injected by the white invader to make Hindus look stupid.  BR Ambedkar was given a list of poison injectd spots in our Vedas / Upanishads/ Puranas and he wrote a book ( Riddles in Hindusim ) as if he is a great Vedic Pandit who knows Sanskrit and who has read all our ancient scriptures.

When you look at the Sun and the Moon from earth they are perceived as the SAME size, this same size appears because of their distance and diameters.

The 108 division is the coming together of Purusha and Prakriti. It is the vibration of the Purusha and Prakriti that has put us into existence.

In Ayurveda there are a 108 marmas in the body. They are points where consciousness impinges the body that can heal or kill a living being.

They are vital points where consciousness connects to the body, where Purusha (consciousness) is brought into Prakriti (body) to give life to the living being. When we recite Sanskrit Mantras  108 times it acts as a Kavach (protection) to each Marma.

The 108 intersections on the Sri Yantra  invoke the cosmic balance of Purusha and Prakriti and the primordial ability of the seer Maharishi to see both clearly.

Nine is connected to Ketu, the moksa Karaka (liberation)

In Sri Yantra there are 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4 point upwards.  The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the 10000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship between pi and phi . 

The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt.

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

Numerologically, nine is a very special number, it always returns to itself. Look how it behaves with other numbers:
9 x 1 = 9
9 x 2 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 3 = 27, 2 + 7 = 9
9 x 4 = 36, 3 + 6 = 9
9 x 5 = 45, 4 + 5 = 9
9 x 6 = 54, 5 + 4 = 9
9 x 7 = 63, 6 + 3 = 9
9 x 8 = 72, 7 + 2 = 9
9 x 9 = 81, 8 + 1 = 9
9 x 10=90, 9 + 0 = 9
9 x 11=99, 9 + 9 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 12 = 108

108 is the numerical equivalent of Hindu King Mantra OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  A rudraksha mala woen by an ancinent maharishi had 108 beads .

When the ocean of milk ( Akash Ganga- milky way of the cosmos  ) was churned in the beginning of time, it could only be done with the working unity of the positive and negative cosmic forces-  devas (gods) and asuras (demons).

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles. This forms the basis of Dvaita Hinduism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology.

The pineal gland produces AMRIT- Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith..

You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . 

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. 

THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. 

They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.

To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. 

Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA. 

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. 

The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness

This churning allows the kundalini to rise on the mountain axis ( meru)  of our spine with the turtle of the root chakra below. Wife Parvati rising to meet husband Shiva at the Sahasrara Chakra- the gate at Sushumna Nadi being opened by her son Ganesha at Muladhara Chakra.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Kalari talks about 108 marmas. 

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons ) . The rest are too short lived.

The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes. 

The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through hyperspace—the THEORY OF EVERYTHING is inherent in this mystic 3D geometry.

The heat of the big bang cooked up and created the elements in Dimitri Mendeleev's periodic table. Sanskrit and Malayalam has 54 alphabets.

Vishnu avatar Varaha boar placed 108 in the cosmic equation .  Mind you, the Muslims stopped worshipping at Babri Masjid at Ayodhya after they saw the boar statues. They equated it with PIG.

In the Varaka avatar , Vishnu as the boar  carried the Earth out of the ocean between his tusks and restored it to its place in the universe and later killed Hinranyaksha ( Jaya ) . 

 THIS IS AN AMAZING ALLEGORY.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam
tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara

"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks." - (S.Baghawatam. 2.7.1)

See the divine magic.

We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?    

During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the sun—this again requires some fixing right?  

For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter. 

There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this in our Vedas in 5000 BC.

Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the major Puranas.

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC

‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)

Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this-
Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.

This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.

The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know that. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical cord. They can have dreams. The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with humans.  It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans.

Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins. Pigs can see in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

Vishnu first Matsya avatar was a DOLPHIN –that is why NO human being eats dolphin. 

In this purana ,  the dolphin saved the Vedas , which contained the blue prints for the cosmos and DNA codes of life on earth.  It has been proved recently that dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures. 

They are conscious animals and pass the mirror test.  Only humans , Indian elephants  and apes like bonobos and dolphins pass the mirror test. Dolphins are second only to humans in smartness. MRI scans indicate that these marine mammals are self-aware. Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to be present only in humans.

Christianity lifted the story to have a male and female specimen of each species in a stupid NOAH s ark. While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA codes.

nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai:
antha: thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam /
nishprathyooha tharanga ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa
Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha: maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING:
“The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC

The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz.-

The sound emitted by the dolphins, has a frequency of 7.83 hertz which is the same as the Hindu king Mantra OM and the earth’s heart beat ( Schumann’s resonance ) .   Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. No Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM . 

From the conch OM sound comes as its innards are shaped by the morphogenetic consciousness field or BrahmAn.  Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts.   This sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide.

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing. When you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786 -- the holy number on every Koran.

Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

Humans cannot hear less than 20 Hertz- but our hearts can hear it.


Dolphins are attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation during underwater research.


Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil
*******************************************************************************
BURIED TRUTH AT JASENOVAC- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THE LAST INQUISITION IN SERBIA --  GENOCIDE UNDER ANTE PAVELIC , MOST FOUL -- THE LAST CRUSADE BY POPE PIUS XII PACELLI -- 



Check out the videos below-- but for the internet, these horrible truths would never have been exhumed.





THERE ARE 6 PARTS TO THE VIDEO BELOW--




Also punch into google search :--

HOLOCAUST TOOK OVER FROM WHERE INQUISITION LEFT OFF- VADAKAYIL

THE LAST CRUSADER OF THE LAST INQUISITION- VADAKAYIL

Millions of innocent human beings have been killed by the Pope, who wants to secure his position as middle man between himself and Jesus Christ. 

Serbs who are eastern orthodox , do NOT recognise a human broker between themselves and God Jesus--that is why they had to pay the price.

I have heard of the Serb version , of the recent war ( creation of Croatia by USA ) from my Serbian Chief Engineer and Electrical officer -- it is amazing how truth can be buried , if a powerful organisation wants it!!  

Both were real men, NOT the squeamish girly lot , who thrived on bullshit sympathy . Both men did NOT want to talk about it, and it took me nearly 3 months to squeeze it drop by drop of of them. When they got upset they would just NOT talk-- just shake their heads.  Sometimes even silence talks.

They were bitter that the Jasenovac black and white corpse heap pictures were attributed to in a shrewd manner to the Auswich Jews by Churchill , so that they could get a homeland. 

They say, that less Jews were killed than Serbian orthodox Christians and Gypsies,a and that Rothschild and Jewish owned Hollywood distorted Jew body counts.. 

Gypsies had NIL sympathy from anybody, and their bodycount was greatly reduced in official records. They were expendables, like weeds. Nobody talked on their behalf.

It is amazing how cruel and soulless a human being can be. 

All world war II, Ustashi crimes tally were shoved on Hilter's account. 

The number of Jewish dead 6 million was grossly exaggerated by Rothschild agent, Sir Winston Churchill, to secure Israel -- and the Serbs and Gypsies were counted as Jews.


The Rothschild Jew propaganda machine exaggerated the Jewish death 6 fold. There were only 5.5 million Jews in whole of Europe.

So what happened to the dead bodies?  

OH , they got incinerated -- God Promise! 

Which incinerator on this planet can turn so many bodies into cinder?  

We Hindus incinerate our dead bodies--we know how long it takes, and then what is left over after 10 hours of intense flames. The eldest son has to sift through the burnt remains and then immerse it along with the ashes in the river or sea.
Say a prayer for these unfortunate Serb and Gypsy souls , who were born at the wrong place at the wrong time.


You will notice that I started blogging just to exhume a good Serbian ( Nikola Tesla ) and a bad Croatian ( Ante Pavelic , who ran the Jasonovac Inquisition camp , in collusion with the Pope ).  This was my first blog--
*******************************************************************************
THE LOST CIVILIZATION OF PETRA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DEATH OF PETRA , JORDAN --  THE ANCIENT GLORIOUS CITY

In the ancient days Petra was an important watering hole, on the caravan route to Jerusalem from Salalah and Aden.  



King Vikramaditya engineered the water harvesting , to prevent flash floods.


Ships from Calicut , Kerala ( my hometown in India ) were loaded with spices with ultimate destination Constantinople, from where spices went further to Europe.



Mecca was an oasis like Petra, with a Shiva temple with a black meteorite stone. Calicut King Cheraman Perumal travelled by his royal ship from Calicut to Salalah ( Oman ) and then by caravan , as soon as Mohammed's uncle ( the temple priest ) sent him a message by falcon, about the black Shiva Lingam being uprooted and installed in a horizontal direction by his rebellious nephew. 





King Cheraman Perumal, met Mohammed at Mecca , and it is grapevine that he was converted to Islam. However our records state that a letter handwritten by the King in Malayalam was given to Mohammed to build mosques in Kerala. 




Accordingly the first mosque was built in 629 AD in Kerala, a local Hindu temple was converted. 



There is another rumour that the King was killed after he was arm twisted into writing this letter at Salalah ( Oman ) where his ship was waiting to take him back to Calicut. 



His  dargah  in the name of Tajuddin ( his new Muslim name given by Mohammed ) is a place of great tourist interest in Oman.


Petra flourished due to the power of the great black meteorite stone of the Shiva temple. The smaller black stone in Mecca Kaaba has similar powers.

As soon as the stone was stolen,  Petra as a civilization was over. There was an exodus to Jerusalem in 2000 BC, and the water harvesting methods also died.

Petra was established during the reign of Indian Aryan Emperor Vikramaditya who ruled in 7000 BC from Jesusalem to Urals to Vietnam.

Invaders hacked off all " PAGAN " statues and idols of this dead city. Hebrews, Christians, Muslims --the entire lot.

To a tourist the all too familar signs are still there. I will give comparion shots. Black granite is Indian, red stome is Petra.


HACKED OFF SHIVA LINGAM







SUN SYMBOL WITH TWO MYTHICAL LONG NECKED ANIMALS ON EITHER SIDE AND THE OBELISK.






CURVED SPIRE ARCHITECTURE -- AJANTA- ELLORA 1600 BC





SOLID ROCK FACE CLIFF ARCHITECTURE-- HAMPI 4000 BC ( a very usual sight in India )






VISHNU IDOL WITH 5 HEADED SNAKE HOOD ( check out the top holes and the hacked off hands )




Petra is littered all over with such destruction of "PAGAN" gods.  Most Hindu gods have several arms. So where ever they found such an idol the Muslims and the Christians kept only the head,and vandalised the torso. Hindusim is 7000 years older than Christianity and 7600 years older than Islam.

I can go on and on-- 

Vandalisers and expungers of history , never 

get it 100% right -   correct?- 

Is it worth showing all this?  

Who cares?

YES -- THIS IS WHERE THE LESSON OF ATLANTIS COMES IN -- 

THERE IS A DIVINE RETRIBUTION AROUND THE CORNER, IF YOU IGNORE YOUR FREE CHOICE --

THAT WILL BE MY NEXT POST.




Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older. Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for Guru Brihaspati. .  Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan war where Helen was stolen.
Several people came to India to get a cure for epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights. 

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician. 

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract. 

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang thing--
- but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1 mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before  Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the same thing via advanced Calculus. 

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years before Pythagoras  was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .  And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh  Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below. 

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. 

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge .

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.
So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff. 

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) . 

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale.
The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the west.  

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics ( magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.    

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus, however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever. 

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death.
Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search-
MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the 5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation known to me.” 
  
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just for kicks.  

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger .  Such jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan ( Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. ( AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of devotees. 

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas), however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara, ‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’). 

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit, bhakti, ‘devotion’).  And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter ( heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew. 

 Bartholomew is one of the 12 disciples of Jesus and ismentioned in three Synoptic gospels: Matthew,[10:1–4] Mark,[3:13–19] and Luke,[6:12–16] and also appears as one of the witnesses of the Ascension[Acts 1:4,12,13]; however, each time he is named in the company of Philip.  He is not mentioned in Gospel of John.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.  Kosmas was the author of a stolen world-geography and a book on stolen Kerala astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of consciousness, and there also sight is created from 
understanding.  For there understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from visible light.”

Consciousness ? 

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history—
*******************************************************************************
DESTRUCTION OF ATLANTIS BY SHIVA AVATAR TRIPUNTAKA –CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




ENCORE ON 21ST DEC 2012,  AFTER FULL PRECESSION CYCLE OF 12781 YEARS  BY VISHNU AVATAR KALKI ( MAITREYA )


 


Paritranaya sadhunam, Vinashaya Dushkritam

Dharma samsthapanaya , sambhawami yuge yuge.

For the up-liftment of the good and virtuous,
For the destruction of evil,
For the re-establishment of the natural law,
I will come, in every age

paritranaya--for the deliverance; sadhunam--of the devotees; vinasaya--for the annihilation; ca--also; duskrtam--of the miscreants; dharma--principles of religion; samsthapana-arthaya--to reestablish; sambhavami--I do appear; yuge--millennium; yuge--after millennium.

yadaa yadaa hi dharmasya

glaanirbhavati bhaarata.

Abhyutthaanam.h adharmasya

tadaatmaanM sRRijaamyaham.h..



यदा यदा हि धर्मस्या, ग्लानिर्भवति भारत । अभ्युत्थानम् अधर्मस्या, तदात्मानं सृजाम्यहम् ।।

Bhagavad Gita, Chapter IV, Verse 7.



Hey Bhaarata (Arjuna). It is Faith which teaches renunciation and is responsible for the elevation and well-being of human beings. Whenever in the passage of time, (yadaa yadaa) Faith (or dharma) is weakened or is under attack, (glaanirbhavati) - and whenever adharma spreads without control (abhyutthaanam.h) - it is then (tadaatmaanM) that I re-incarnate myself (sRRijaamyaham.h) with all my powers to restore Faith.


It is the function of God as Vishnu, the protector of the world, to keep the world going on the lines of righteousness. He assumes birth to re-establish right when wrong prevails.

 


I am quoting this Sanskrit verse from memory, as this world’s oldest language which was used for writing the Vedas in 5000 BC, was compulsory in my school Kendriya Vidyalaya till 9th standard. It was very easy for me , because high literature Malayalam ( my mother tongue in Kerala ) is very close to Sanskrit.

Kerala is very important when you talk of Indian history, as India was protected by the Himalayas in the north, and very few souls knew the treacherous passes of Bholan and Khyber through the frozen Hindu Kush range. You take a chance and you die a painful death. 
Alexander the great had a marital alliance with a dark skinned Indian girl by the name of Roxanna, 2300 year ago, to secure the secrets of this pass. Almost all dealings with foreign people was via Kerala ships. Mecca, Petra and Jerusalem was on the spice caravan routes. All 3 sites had Shiva Temples with powerful Shiva lingam black meterorite stones.

Palestine was Palistan, Kaaba was Kabalishwara.

In 7000 BC when Indian Aryan Emperor ruled from Jesusalem to Urals to Vietnam—there was only one religion in the world, the Sanatana Dharma or Hinduism. In 1900 BC, a Indian by the name of Gautama Buddha was the first to make a new religion in an opportunistic manner, so that people would pray to him , rather than to God. The excuse he gave was that the common man needs to understand the spiritual teachings in his own vernacular lingo. He was indeed successful as at one time half the world were Buddhists.

Buddhism, Christianity and Islam are offshoots of Hinduism. Jesus Christ was in Calicut Kerala for 3 years to learn meditation , dowsing and healing , before he burst upon the scene at Jerusalem, as per readings of Edgar Cayce.  Before reaching Jerusalem he visited the Egyptian pyramids, and he had a dark skinned and long haired woman Mary Magdalene with him on the ship.

Now  let me get back to the subject--

Trillions of words has been written about the Lost civilization of Atlantis by Western historians over brandy and cigars.  All funding by poor tax payer’s money.  A lot of them have given ridiculous  twists , including exact latitude and longitude of  the sunken Atlantis ( sic! ) -- to the diabolically doctored versions of Akashic chronicles reader Edgar Cayce. The correct trance readings of Edgar Cayce have been sunk by the Vatican, as the Pope did not want a Catholic to speak about Hindu religion icons.

Now let me recount a written account of Shiva Purana , which is 7000 years old, about ATALA or Atlantis..

There was an demon  named Tara whose son was Taraka.  Taraka went to a Madhuvana forest and started a very severe penance or tapasya.  He stood on one toe of one leg , gazing at the sun with arms raised. He drank only water .  Then after several years he stood upside down on his hands, without drinking water, deriving energy by gazing at the sun..Then he hung upside down on the branches of a very tall tree.
Lord Brahma could no longer ignore the great energy emanating from him and he asked Taraka to ask for a boon. Taraka said “ If you are pleased with me , please grant me two boons . The first boon is that no one created by you should be as strong as me. The second boon is that I can be killed only by Shiva’s son”.

Shiva at that point in time had no sons. Sati had died and although she had been reborn as Parvati, she had not yet married Shiva. Brahma in haste , granted Tarakasura the two boons. 

The demon went to a city named Shonitapura and put up camp there. All the other demons made Tarakasura who was already famous, their king.  Thanks to the boon, Tarakasura was so strong that the easily defeated all his challengers, and started harassing all at will, being low in moral fibre. 

Tarakasura pretty soon had three asura sons named Vidyunmali, Tarakaksha and Viryavana (Tripura-asuras).  These three also started a similar severe penance as done by their father . 

Brahma had no choice but to appear before them, and told tem to ask for a boon.   Taraka asura’s sons immediately said “ Make us immortal”

Brahma relpied “ There is no way  I can make you immortal, for it is beyond my power . Instead ask for something else”

OK then , said Viyunamali, Tarakaksha and Viryavana – this was their scheme even before they started their penance .  

Grant us the following boons “  Let three floating forts be made. The first will be of gold, the second of silver and the third of iron. We will live in these forts . If anyone can destroy Tripura ( three floating forts ) with one single arrow,  only then can death be destined for us”. 

Again Brahma granted the boon in great haste.  Brahma asked the Danava architect  named Maya to  build the three forts, in a great mandala . The golden fort was built in heaven, the silver one in the sky and the iron one on earth.  Tarakaksha got the golden fort, Viryavana the silver one and Vidyunmali the iron one.  Each of the forts was a huge self contained  city , with glittering palaces and space ships inside, in a 3D mandala of 3 bubbles—powered by crystals and solar energy. 

The gods soon became concerned with the wanton and debauched life inside Tripura. The maharishis were getting disturbed and they had complained. The gods first went to Brahma ( creator god ) who refused to listen to their tales. The gods then went to Shiva ( destroyer god ) for help, but Shiva took the Brahma line. The gods then went to Vishnu ( preserver god ), who suggested that the problem was that the demons were doing nothing wrong officially, the solution could be to persuade them to become sinners, which will get Shiva upset. 

Using his divine powers Vishnu contacted a man. This man’s head was sclean haven, his clothes were faded and he carried a wooden water-pot in his hands. He covered his mouth with a piece of cloth . "What are my orders?" he asked Vishnu. 

Vishnu replied “  I will teach you a religion that is completely against the Vedas. You will then get the impression that there is no Svarga (heaven) and no Naraka (hell) and that both heaven and hell are on earth. You will not believe that rewards and punishments for deeds committed on earth are meted out after death. Go to Tripura and teach the demons this religion, by which they are dislodged from the righteous path.  Only then we can do something about Tripura ” . 

This man and four of his disciples went to a forest that at Tripura and began to preach. They were so convincing that soon they converted citizens by the hundreds.  Even sage Narada got confused and was converted.  Narada who loved to gossip, carried news of this wonderful new religion to king Vidyunmati.. 

Since a great sage Narada had converted. Vidyunmati also accepted the new religion. And in due course, so did the other two brothers Tarakaksha and Viryavana. The demons gave up revering the Vedas and they broke the black Shiva lingam stones. 

Vishnu immediately rushed to Shiva , knowing he had to make him angry said “ Tripura should be destroyed. The kings have become evil and they have destroyed the Shiva lingas” 

Shiva flew into a great rage and agreed to destroy Tripura.  

Click on link below.

http://youtu.be/0gIQboCvHyc
The whole of Tripura could be airborne , by Vedic gyroscopic mercury vortex technology, which could direct imploding and exploding vortices to propel or to stand still, while in air






Vishvakarma the architect of the gods made a golden chariot . Brahma himself was the charioteer. The bow was made of Meru stringed with Vasuki the snake .  



Vishnu gave a single arrow the Pashupatastra ( a scalar interferometry cruise missile ) , with could be triggered only by resonance from the pineal gland of Shiva . 
Shiva send this cruise missile which ripped through all three airborne forts one after the other in a devious search and destroy track. Tripura  was reduced to ashes in a split second.


Shiva took a handful of ash and put three lines on his 

forehead to ritually mark a deed done-  then danced the 

gruesome Tandava, and Rudrakhas popped out of his

three eyes-- terrifying all onlookers--till he cooled down.
  






The debris landed at the present Cape Verde islands.

While the celebrations were going on, the shaven-headed false religious teachers went to Brahma and Vishnu  “ What are we supposed to do now”?  they asked. 

Brahma and Vishnu told them “ Go and live in the desert and wait .  When evil reigns again in the last of the 4 yugas, the Kaliyuga , you will be summoned to do the same false preaching all over again “ 
 
End of lore—



Shiva took the form of Tripurantaka, when destroying Tripura. This diety can be seen at the Tripuntaka temple at Thiruvatikai near Chidambaram , Tamil Nadu—and also in may Hindu temples as far away as Vietnam. Tripura is mentioned in Mahabharata.

  
After 21st Dec 2012, the great Kaliyuga gets over,  after a precession cycle of 25781 years. This time Vishnu will comes as KALKI ( also called the last messiah Lord Maitreya ) avatar. It alludes to physical , astral and causal dimensions . It is called the Sthula –external body , Sukshma- intellectual corpus and Karana-soul consciousness -- Shariras of man.

Man has the free choice to upgrade his DNA after 21st Dec 2012—failure to do so, he will pay a heavy price. Wisdom mode will now over ride knowledge mode.
Newton and Darwin will be consigned to the dustbin of history. The veil of Maya ( ajnan ) will be ripped apart.
The human soul will unite with supreme consciousness.

Man will stop worshipping men.  

Mortals will NOT be able to tell lies , 

have a hidden agenda and be middle-men 

between you and your god.
 

Check out the video above about Vimanas --7000 BC--flying saucers
Our Vishnu purana talke clearly of ATALA, Swetha Dweepa ( the white island )—which has been lifted by Greeks to make Atlantis.  
Mahabharata of 4000 BC talks about Atala—the shining island of great spendour. Ramayana talks of the edge of Meru falling off and forming the Island of Sri Lanka.
*******************************************************************************
THE QUEEN BEE AND DARWIN- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THE QUEEN BEE 


  
Bees take care of the queen bee more than what they do to themselves. A hive contains thousands , but there can be only one single queen. 

Her survival is important for common survival, for only the queen bee can assure the continuity of the colony. 


The queen does nothing  but lay eggs.  After she does the first mating, she is always inside the hive, never leaves it, and lays eggs every day from early spring through late summer. The worker bees  feed her and keep her clean.


There aint no difference between the egg that hatches into a queen and an egg that produces the workers. The queen is the result of selective  feeding with royal jelly over her six-day larval period, and emerges not as an ordinary female worker, but as one very different bee by way of  appearance and function. 

Workers are fed royal jelly for only three days, but the queen receives it for the full six days of her larval stage and that too three times more.


All worker bees are sterile.  The queen’s head and thorax are little larger than those of the workers.  The queen bee’s hind legs also lack the workers’ hard hairs which fringe the pollen baskets. 

Though the queen hatches from exactly the same sort of egg as the workers, she lives for about five years. She is  longer than the male drones.


To take life insurance , the workers raise several queens at a time, not just one. In the event that any harm befalls the old queen, a new queen immediately gets raised. So the first thing our emerging queen bee does is to find and kill the other pupating, potential queens. Leave no survivors is her motto. 


If the queen encounters another adult queen in the hive, the two attack each other in a fight to the finish. So when a new queen appears bursts upon the scene ,  the old queen has long since departed it, as it gets a premonition . There can be only one queen bee in the hive is essential for the establishment of discipline.


As she emerges from her cell, she first needs to mate. Mating never takes place inside the hive. The queen leaves the hive and looks for male bees—drones—to do JIGI JIGI and fertilize her.




There are two cases which can cause the queen to leave the hive--: her mating flight and swarming time. Apart from these two occasions, the queen will never ever leave the hive. 



The queen flies off from the hive to mate, accompanied by a group of workers. Shortly afterward, she leaves her escort of bees and flies alone to where male drones are present. When she comes within a certain distance of that area she releases a pheromone which allows the drones to locate her. 


The queen makes from upto 10 flights during her mating period, mating with a different drone each time. Since the sperm from one male is insufficient to fill her spermatheca, she receives sperm from several males.  Following each fertilization, the sperm from all the males is stored together. 



The queen will use this sperm obtained from the mating flights during her life span of 4 to 5 years. Unlike the reproductive cells in many creatures, the male bees’ sperm can be preserved for years in the queen’s body without losing their quantum potency. 


Couple of days after  the mating process is over, the queen starts laying eggs one by one, in a series of cells specially prepared by the worker bees. She continues the process, non-stop, each year from early spring to mid-autumn, until she kicks the bucket.

.
During the laying period, a queen lays from about 2800 eggs a day  So a single queen may lay a mid boggling 1.4 million eggs within a year. 



The queen is able to now the gender of the other bees yet unborn.  When the queen wishes to lay a female egg, she releases a minute amount of sperm from the spermatheca into the duct, to fertilize the egg. The egg will be fertilized only if she releases sperm.  As a result of this process, the female bees emerge from the fertilized eggs and male bees, or drones, from the unfertilized ones.


Practically it is the worker bees who determine the gender of the egg, despite the queen’s supervision of the process.  That is because the queen lays an egg according to the kind of cell the workers have prepared for it.  


If the queen comes across a larger cell, then she lays an unfertilized egg in it.  This means  the queen lays as many drone eggs as the workers have prepared male bee cells for., not any more-- not any less


The workers also determine the number of cells. On the basis of the needs of the hive, they decide how many worker and how many drone cells should be constructed, and how much space should be reserved for honey or pollen .


Bees have very small brains, but has amazingly good  judgment about the need of future social order.


.
They lick up the chemical from the queen’s body and transmit it to the other bees during food transfer, which takes place by mouth. During this process, the odor released by the queen is quickly transmitted to all other members of the colony. This means that all of the colony’s members share a common odor, distinguishing them from members of other colonies. There is no need to wear uniform.


The odor of this queenly substance prevents the workers from raising a new queen, so such indications are a signal for the worker bees.  As its level reduces, the workers immediately begin to construct new royal cells and set about raising new queens. 



When  the colony finds itself facing the danger of having no queen, the worker bees immediately start feeding some of the existing larvae with royal jelly. The workers start to tear down the walls of cells to widen the regular cells and enlarge them into royal cells. Several worker cells are torn down for any single royal cell. The worker larvae inside them die in this process.


They prefer the survival of a few candidate queens to that of several workers.. 

Shortly afterwards, the first of the specially reared queens emerges from her cell and sets about eliminating her rivals. 

Bees possess a unique consciousness.



The males, or drones make no contribution to the defense of the hive, nor to cleaning, nor to food gathering. Their only function is to do JIGI JIGI with the queen  to fertilize her, and die.. 


There are very distinctive differences between male and female bees. 

-  Only females have stings.

-  Only female bees construct combs.

-  Only females do the ass shakin’ waggle dance .

-  Only females are able to collect nectar.

-  Only females  nurse the young.



In winter, only female bees are to be found in the hive, because the males drones are either kicked out from the hive or if they act too stubborn, they are killed , much before winter’s arrival. As spring approaches, however, the worker bees begin to build cells for male eggs. The queen then lays in these cells eggs which will hatch into drones. The males emerge from these cells in early May.


Despite the male bees’ lack of abilities, the female workers take great care of them until they do JIGI JIGI  with the queen.  Half a dozen  workers need to work non-stop to spoon feed just one of the 400 to 500 male bees in the hive. In other words, some 2,000 to 3,000 worker bees do nothing else than care for the drones for a specific period of time.

No more than 10 males are necessary for the queen to mate.  Yet, a bee community raises hundreds of drones. 


The male bees leave the hive and start looking for the queen some two weeks after they emerge from their cells. The males can locate the queen during her mating flight, as she lets out a scent. 


The males need to be able to fly at a height for long periods while searching for the queen and to be able to locate her scent from a long distance away. 

The queen and the male generally meet at high altitudes. The males are unable to approach the queen at lower than 15 feet . During mating, part of the males’ reproductive organs, including the sperm sac, rupture, and as soon as mating is completed, the male bee dies. 


Neither do the other males who fail to mate with the queen have much longer to live. Males live only in spring and early summer, after which they are killed by the workers. 


Once the time of the mating flight is over—and as the nectar levels in flowers start to decline in the heat of summer—the female workers’ loving , coy behavior towards the males changes completely. Although the workers look after the males very carefully during the mating period, once the JIGI JIGI  job is done , they start to tear off the drones’ wings and attack them. 

If the males try to eat anything, the workers seize them in their powerful mouths and drag them by their antennae or legs to the hive entrance and throw them out. 

Expelled in this disgraceful manner,  the males soon die of hunger, since they lack the ability to find nectar.. Therefore, as a last resort, they make determined efforts to re-enter the hive. Yet again they face the bites and poisoned stings of the workers. 

Although the drones are larger than the workers, they sort of acquiesce to this female attack. They dont fight back.


Following the expulsion of all the males from the hive, the females—both workers and the queen—spend a long peaceful  time in the hive, until spring the following year, on their own.

Suck on this post Darwin—

You said survival of the fittest and ability to withstand change and all that, right?  



Ever heard of conscious sacrifice to sustain a pre-determined social order?  




Ever heard of waggle dance of the bees?   



I forgot-  you never even heard of DNA!

The greatest value of bees is NOT in the honey, but in the service they do as pollinators.  In USA it has been quantified that 88% of the crops are dependant on the honey bee.  Cell phone radiation can disorient worker bees causing them to get lost on the way back to the hive. 

Ninety per cent of crops are cross pollinated, of which 85% depend upon insects for pollination. It is estimated that about one third of all plants and plant products eaten by humans are directly or indirectly dependant on bee pollination.

In my home compound itself I have noticed the lack of bee hives, unlike what it was 10 years ago .





The bee hives are hexagonal and geometric. When geometric patterns appear in multiple sequences they create scalar sound. This sound is intensified the crystalline structure of the wax cells.

OM 7.83 hertz is a scalar longitudinal wave sound -- basically the humming of a million bees – like a mighty transformer. 

Once the honey is enhanced by scalar energy it does not caramelise even in high desert temperatures.  This is why 5000 year old honey found inside of the pyramids were edible.

Pyramids were built by Maharishis from kerala using the 10000 year old Sri Yantra golden mean on 1.618.
If you divide the number of female bees by the number of males bees you get 1.618, the golden ratio.  This mathematical sequence work for any honeybee hive at any give time.

Bees in nature locate their hives over energy-rich zones.  These zones are called geopathic stress zones.  They radiate levels of electromagnetic (EM) energy that are higher by harmonics than the earth's normal EM pulse of 7.83 Hz.  

Beekeepers and laboratory scientists can not or do not knowingly place their natural hives over energy-rich zones.   As such,  the artificial hive is deprived of an additional source of free energy.. Bees possess a unique consciousness.

Bees construct combs of wax cells that are used to store the honey they produce The honeycomb has a remarkable construction with row upon row of these hexagonal tubes. The honeycomb is vertical with horizontal storage tubes, which are two faced with different tubes on each side. Two of the six sides of the tubes are always vertical and each tube slopes slightly downwards towards the middle of the comb, to prevent the honey from running out.

Hexagonal tubes use less wax in construction for the volume of honey stored, which displays economy of resources, a characteristic of all intelligent design.  Each tube ends in three rhombuses that come to a point. 

The corner angles of these end walls measure approximately 70 and 110 degrees to give the maximum volume for this configuration. The wax in the cells in the honeycomb is made from special glands in the abdomen of the bee. They chew the wax, which is mouldable to make the cells. 

The design of the hair on the bee's body allows them to collect an electrostatic charge when they fly. This helps in the pollen collection process geometry of a honeycomb to allow the minimization of the amount of used material to reach minimal weight and minimal material cost.



The beehive comb reveals that it is a series of perfect hexagons. The hexagon is one of the most stable systems employed by nature.  . The strength and quality of the comb is in perfect series of hexagonal patterning.   The Bee hive handles the weight of bees and vibrations with perfect stability and strength.   

When geometric patterns appear in multiple sequences they create sound. This sound is intensified the crystalline structure of the wax cells.

Honeycomb grille used on a computer fan to reduce noise Honeycombed, screened center for Langley's first wind tunnel

India must reduce the radiation limit of all the 3G towers from 10W/ Sq m to 5--  cut down by half--or we go the Singapore way, no bees -- all plastic !
*******************************************************************************
DOWN THE MEMORY LANE, MALAYALAM SONGS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
People outside India , think that Bollywood ( Hindi films ) is THE film industry of India.

It is NOT!

Bollywood is a minuscule part of the Indian film industry.

There are many other language sectors where the films are far better with sensitive story plots ( Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Kannada etc ).

-- heroes and heroines are better paid, the film budget is bigger . 

There are NO star sons and star daughters in these industries -- like in Bollywood, where REAL acting is dead due to severe infestation with useless "star sons" and "star daughters".  

In fact till Salman Khan brought fitness into Bollywood, yester year Bollywood heroes all had wider bottoms than chests.  

None of them dared to wear swimming briefs, in any movie-- and some have retired after several decades of acting without even removing their shirts.  

Just think back-- start off with the Kapoor khandaan. They are so proud of great grandson Ranbir, who bared his body in his first movie Saawariya.

I am putting a few Malayalam songs-- it is strange that tragedy Malayalam movies ( with sad endings ) are always hits. 

In Malayalam films we go NATURAL-- real life -- no glitz -- that is the way our people like it-- 

Our Malayalam films don't sell escapist fantasy and glamour, they sell gruesome reality.

ENJOY!

CHEMEEN ( 47 year old movie, national award winner -- about a fishing village --tragic illicit love affair of a Hindu married woman with a Muslim man )

 

 

 


NEE MADHUPAKARU-- ( real melody-- those days there was no colour technology )


 

MUDRA-- a sensitive film set in a juvenile delinquency centre

 

Sagaramme Santhamaye ne

 

In the clip below , you find the guy wearing a mundu ( white dhoti ). This is what I wear at home when I go for important functions , when on leave.. elegant dress, very comfortable. If a guy in 3 piece Saville row suit and natty Pucci shoes goes past me, I would NOT even notice--

 


Malayalam songs are sheer poetry.  We dont have "babe babe babe" or " yamma yamma " or " chinnga chikka " type songs.

Here is a hilarious Srinivasan classic--
 

Oh Zainabah

 

Aayirum kannumai 

 



Kallai Kadavathu

 

Aalorungi --Mammatti kutty amma
 


Jayan the action mega hero  , below was probably the only superhero on this planet-- who did his own stunts , without doubles or safety belts. he fell off a helicopter while attempting to get on to a speeding car.
*******************************************************************************
QUANTUM MEDICINE , INDIAN GOOSEBERRY- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
TEARS OF BRAHMA-  THE AMLA KISS  




A few years ago, we were having a shipboard party, the way we do. 

We have cerebral capsules too, in between letting down our collective hair. Whatever we do, the spirit of the party is sustained.

A question was popped by my Filipino pump man . First he made a dramatic scene of an archer shooting an arrow and then he cried " Sir, your mind is like the blazing arrow, you have all the answers in a jiffy , spot on  . We all know even before we came on board , on all your ships, you keep a 16 kilo dumbbells in your day room, and anybody who can beat you in a contest of strength on that can get 4 cases of beer-- and people cant even do half of what you do --what is your secret?"

( This was on the ship where i made the post THE NAIVE SAILOR, SHIP CONSTRUCTION- VADAKAYIL which got thousands of intelligent people red faced )

Pressed for a quick answer, I said " When I was a kid, the first thing in the morning I had was a mixture of fresh Indian gooseberry juice, fresh turmeric juice , sour lime juice and natural honey. I guess this has preserved me well"

Then as an afterthought I said " It is about quick pattern matching of images by the sub-conscious or left lobe of the brain.  Very little thinking is involved"

Today i feel I have been bang on target.

I have already posted on turmeric and honey. This leaves out gooseberry, right?



So here we go--

The Indian government found it necessary to take out a stamp with gooseberry ( Amla ) on it. Why not, instead of putting hyped up paper tigers on it.



I will refer to Indian gooseberry as Amla ( Hindi ) from now on. In Malayalam it is called Nellikka. In Sanskrit it is called Amlaki " the sustainer" in which the goddess of prosperity is inherent. Amla is the tears of Brahma , the creator god of Sanatana Dharma or Hinduism.



Amla has been included in the Ayurvedic texts , written in Sanskrit 7000 years ago. It is described in Charaka Samhita too.

Amla and its flowers are used in worship, pretty much the same way as Tulsi. Amla tree is sacred in Hindusim and the tree revered as Mother earth.



It is used to make the wonder herbal tonic Chyawanprash.  Ask any Indian abroad what Chyawanprash is, and if he does NOT know it-- kick him on his ass , kick him good-- and call him "pseudo Indian". 




This 9000 year old rejuvenative Rasayana consists of 54 herbal ingredients.



When I am home on leave nowadays , I have Amla long soaked on honey as the dessert after food-- just 2 large ones. As a kid I used to have homemade Amla wine-- which is very tasty and sweet. 



Try eating an Amla, and then kiss a girl later. It will be the sweetest of all kisses for her. Jokes apart--try it! No wonder King Solomon with hundreds of mistresses wanted it . 



When we were kids we used to eat the steeped in salt water amla. After that when you drink plain water, it tastes sweet and divine, as it formats the taste buds. It has 6 out of 7 possible tastes -- salty, sweet, sour, bitter, pungent, and astringent. Only hot chillie taste is missing.

This green fruit less than an inch in diameter, has 6 vertical stripes. Even if the fruit is preserved or dried and powdered it does not lose its quantum potency and is quickly assimilated by the human body.



400 years ago the British took this plant and planted it in Britain, as it was found to be very beneficial to the plague victims, and to nurse them back in an all round manner , to proper health.

The tree required typical Indian soil and climate for potency. I will get to that soon. 



Now let me list out its medicinal uses--

Anti oxidant-- free radical scavenger
Anti viral
Anti microbial
Anti inflammatory--good for threat inflammation
Anti fungal and yeast inhibiting
Anti mutagenic
Anti histamic
Anti spasmodic
Anti ageing
Anti anemic
Anti allergenic
Anti cancer--Ellagic acid
Reduces blood cholesterol level
Reduces nausea , giddiness and vomiting
Excellent liver tonic
Fantastic source of Vitamin C ascorbic acid. 25 times higher than apple or two oranges
Eliminates toxins from liver accumulated due to side effects of western chemical medicines
Increases haemoglobin and red blood cell count.
Sunstroke cooling agent and for reducing internal body heat
Brain tonic for memory power and intelligence
Urinary problems
Provides fibre
For physical strength
Improves appetite and enhance digestion
Treat constipation
Reduces fever- anti pyretic
Reduce cough and asthma, strengthens lungs
Purify blood
Eye tonic
Aphrodisiac
Improves body immunity and defence function
Enhances hair growth and prevents hair fall and greying --used in hair oils and shampoo
Three times higher protein than apple
Prevents bad breath and strengthens teeth
Juice diluted in water is excellent skin moisturiser
Hyper acidity and ulcers
Pancreas regeneration
Diabetes treatment
Middle age crisis menstrual disorders
Removes excess salivation
Improves muscle tone

Used in dyes and inks due to high tannin content




THE ANCIENT 12 STRAND VEDIC MAHARSHIS KNEW ABOUT ALL THIS-- 9000 YEARS AGO.  


NONE OF ABOVE IS MODERN DISCOVERY

Bottomline:  Recently I saw a UK university filter-spamming dozens of website posts which had written about the " CHILLING EFFECTS " of Indian Gooseberry-- using the Google complaint box, for Patent infringement. 

To these self righteous and ignoramuses I have to say this " Before your country came out from under the quarternary ice age-- in India , we knew the anti-pyretic properties of Amla. In Kerala they used to apply Nellikka podi along wih hair oil to prevent sunstroke. Charaka Samhita has it in writing in Sanskrit-- as does ancient 6000 year old Ayurvedic texts in Malayalam from the days of Parashurama.
*******************************************************************************
WHY DOCTORS WRITE ILLEGIBLE PRESCRIPTIONS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


When I was 14 years old, I was in charge of my school's ( Kendriya Vidyalaya , Calicut ) manuscript magazine-- for my writing and art combine, was indeed the best in school.  After getting bored of this tedious job, I asked for a writing assistant. So I was given one, whose handwriting was excellent.



In between the guy ( or was it a gal? - let it be !) told me that he wanted to be a doctor . My knee jerk reaction was to tell him " OK, then very soon your writing is gonna be horrible -- so write well when you have this chance , for posterity!"

Much later in life I have seen some medical prescriptions which this yester-year assistant of mine, made as a respected senior doctor. IT WAS AN ILLEGIBLE CHICKEN SCRATCH-- not surprising at all!

So why do the doctor's make their handwriting deliberately bad? Only their prescriptions are illegible, rest everything else they write , are absolutely legible and clear.

Let me make a statement here-- THE DOCTORS PRESCRIPTION IS THE FRUIT OF HIS FEW MINUTES EXAMINING YOU. IF THIS FRUIT IS NO GOOD, YOU ARE NOT IN THE SAFE ZONE.

Now let me digress--

26 years ago, my ship was at sea and I was asleep. My wife shook me awake at 2 AM. " Get up, somebody is literally hammering our door. I can hear lot of voices too."

I immediately got up , put on my robe and opened the office door. My apartment had 4 rooms, a pantry and a washroom, being a huge Swedish Built tanker.

What I saw stunned me-- I could see almost the entire ship's complement in my alleyway-- about 55 of them, -- all looking frightened .

Then my attention shifted to some movement on the floor, and I saw a sailor writhing in pain , rolling around .

Immediately I asked the Bosun " What is wrong with him?" 

The Bosun said " I don't know, but he is in great pain !"

Then I asked " Who is is cabin mate ?"

A sailor stepped forward. I asked him the same question.

He also said he does NOT know. So I asked him to think back, of any unusual conversation during the day.  He said " Yes, he told me while having morning tea that he took too long time to pass the usual routine urine "

Immediately I came to me bed room and told my wife, to go to Chief Engineers cabin. Then I scooped the writhing sailor on the floor, in my hands and placed him in my bath tub, and removed his pants. 

This was a huge tub , meant for 150 kilo Scandinavian giants , and myself and my wife used to take bath together, those days.

I opened the hot water to keep his waist below water level, and told him to relax and piss into the tub when he is ready. By the time I finished telling him, I could see a yellow trickle gushing out from his prick.

Seeing him smiling , I asked him " Is there any more pain?"

He said " All pain has disappeared "  .

So I scooped him in my arms, nude, alongwith his pyjamas -- and took him to my door and slid him on the floor and said " All of you, FO, back to sleep, don't come back again!". 

This happy but embarrassed sailor was immediately trying to puts his pyjamas back on, before my wife came back from the Chief Engineers cabin.

You should have seen the awed faces of my crew.  For here was a man about to die in severe pain, -- the Captain takes him in to his room , tells his wife to leave the cabin el pronto, shuts the door, and after 3 minutes opens the door again and slides down nay curls ( like the Canadian ice game ) a nude, wet and smiling guy .

Later myself and my wife looked for about 10 minutes , hard by shining a torch trough the yellow water in the white tub, if we can see the small urethra or urinary tract blocking stone, and we saw nothing-- strange! The sailor was OK till he got off the ship after 4 months.

This is how reputations are earned at sea-- it takes 3 or 4 decades to build a reputation - BUT-- you are only as good as your last innings ( unlike Tendulkar ) . Reputations crash in just 3 seconds. One first foot failure or one grounding or one sailor's death --everything carefully built over decades , comes crashing down.


Imagine if this same man was in any place in Kerala, say at 5 PM. His wife makes a call to any doctor, begging him to come fast or alteast give some advise on phone -- what do you think will be the net result-- we all know it.

Now even if his wife takes him to the hospital , what do you think the learned doctor will do?  Be frank, doctors!


LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING TODAY, THE INTENTION OF THE DOCTOR YOU GO TO IS VERY IMPORTANT. 

You have a severe life and death condition --and the doctor you go to takes his pen and "chicken scratches" a prescription which neither you , nor the licenced pharmacist in the Chemists store , is unable to read-- you know how much the doctor cares about you.

The handwriting of doctors who handle soiled currency notes from poor patients directly , counting it , giving change back and putting the moolah into his table drawer are the worst. The doctors who get a fixed salary from the hospital have slightly better handwriting. 

But BAD handwriting all of them do have.


What follows is NOT conjecture--it is an informed opinion. I have consulted hundreds of medical shop ( chemist store ) pharmacists and medical representatives.

More than 100000 ( one lakh ) patients die due to illegible doctors handwriting every year in India. 

At least 20 lakh patients health is irreversibly damaged due to side effects of overdose or wrong medicines. 

Why does not IMA take note of this shocking state of affairs ?

When more than 20000 pharmaceutical generic names and brands are available, why are the doctors so callous. 

Have you ever seen a doctor looking into a pharmaceutical pill directory or almanac to check out the actual spelling of the tablets and injection, he prescribes. His ego prevents him from doing so. He wants his patient to think he knows all these thousands of pill  generic names.

IF ANY DOCTOR CLAIMS HE KNOWS ALL THE SPELLINGS OF OBSCURE DRUGS , HE CAN BE EASILY CHALLENGED.

None of these names are taught in Medical college as new names are churned out every day. 

Most of the time , the drug store clerk will tell you that that particular brand is NOT available and he will give you a substitute. It is all about making sure drugs don't expire without getting consumed. All play this deadly game.

Some doctors will say that presciptions are made for the pharmacists eyes and hence the patient does NOT need to know. 

BULLSHIT! 

This is NOT what your IMA wants. 



If your handwriting is so bad , the why don't you write in capital letters. 


OR IS IT BECAUSE , IF THE PATIENT DIES, DUE TO WRONG PRESCRIPTION, YOU CANNOT BE PINNED IN A COURT OF LAW?




Most of the time a drug store has one licenced pharmacist. But in Kerala we find his wife, his brother , his kids also chipping in--so that he does NOT have to employ someone and give him a salary. Even if he has employed someone, this soul will not be licenced. What do they know ? You will find them usually peering into the drug almanac to make out head and tail, with a crowd hustling for immediate attention.

WE ALL KNOW THERE IS A HUGE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN HURRIED HANDWRITING AND A DELIBERATE SELF RIGHTEOUS "CHICKEN SCRATCH" , MADE WITH ULTERIOR MOTIVE AND VESTED INTERESTS, TO DISGUISE SOMETHING.



The same doctors will have rock steady hands when making a surgical incision

Why are doctors who are competent so keen that the patient should remain in the dark about the medicines he consumes?

Note: We are willing to excuse the hassled doctors who handle the OPD departments of accident cases, where a minute delay can cost a life. Or the poor guys who wrote their three hour exams , with dozens of sheets , in the same type of bad handwriting.

OR IS THIS ALL ABOUT BULLSHIT "MEDICAL MYSTIQUE"? 

Sorry, ladies and gentlemen , there are too many doctors around -- for this type of mystique.


There have been several cases in Mumbai where the pharmacist has been taken to task in court for issuing wrong medicines. Can he make a mistake if the prescription is legible in capital letters.




OK-- WE GOT IT -  

DOCTORS AND ILLEGIBLE HANDWRITING GOES TOGETHER! 



IT WAS NEVER ABOUT COVERING YOUR ASS.  

-- OR MAYBE YOUR BRAINS FLY FASTER THAN YOUR MANGY HANDS, SO DESPITE KNOWING ALL THE SPELLINGS AND REMEMBERING ALL THOUSANDS OF GENERIC NAMES , YOU GOT ILLEGIBLE..




YOU GUYS ARE REALLY ACCOUNTABLE --  OH YEAH--  WE BELIEVE YOU !!

The writing is on the wall- In some countries , even in some US states , the doctor is fined heavily for illegible prescriptions. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.


A lot of these doctors with very bad handwritings subject their patients to unnecessary but EXPENSIVE diagnosis tests to wrangle a percentage commission or kickback.

Staff in such MRI/ CT scan type diagnostic centres report kickback of as much as 40% given to referring doctors  , even after which they make a good profit.


The Govt must open their own MRI / CT scan diagnostic centres and set a cost limit how much can be charged in the private diagnostic centres.  


###############
ADDENDA :-

SUBJECT :   Chhattisgarhs  KILLER  doctor held, was awarded for record 50,000 surgeries   .
##########################

ALL INDIAN DOCTORS AND SURGEONS BE WARNED  – ONE DAY YOU WILL BE HUNG FOR MANSLAUGHER AND YOUR LIFE WILL BE RUINED     .

The comment I made below, has been SPAMMED by every Indian and foreign media –  all ZIONIST foreign EVIL PHARMA SUPARI fed  PRESSTITUTES and  BENAMI owned media     .

Despite a  SUPREME COURT order by a bench of Justices RM Lodha and AR Dave NOT to use vulnerable Indians as  LAB RATS / GUINEA PIGS for CHEAP UNTESTED  GENERIC MEDICINES ,  this evil continues   ..

Such CHEAP GENERIC MEDICINES were propagated by AAMIR KHAN via SATYAMEVA JAYATE season one, and even good state governments like Jayalalitaa fell prey    .

Defamation case was slapped on a blogger Capt Ajit Vadakayil for pointing out that poor vulnerable Indians must NOT be used as lab  rats ,  and that branded medicines are expensive because they have been tested SAFE  ..

The entire sold out to EVIL PHARMA media  are doing a propaganda blitzkrieg that the surgeon RK Gupta who has done more than ONE LAKH such surgeries is a KILLER .

Exactly low how cricketer SREESHANT was declared a TERRORIST using MCOCA and black bagged and black balled  - for being responsible for all evils in BCCI/IPL   .

The ZIONIST EVIL PHARMA SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES blame the surgeons competence, RUSTY surgical instruments, dirty clinic –  every thing except the real cause of CHEAP UNTESTED GENERIC MEDICINES  .

WHY WERE VULNERABLE TRIBAL WOMEN LURED INTO SURGERY WITH 1400 RUPEES   ?    the answer is that they do NOT have side effects of any other drugs in their bodies and brain  .

VICTIMS CLEARLY DISPLAYED TOXIC SHOCK INFLICTED BY UNTESTED TOXIC MEDICINES     .

WE INDIANS NARENDRA MODI MUST IMMEDIATELY DO A THOROUGH INQUIRY 
*******************************************************************************
WHY KERALA DOES NOT CELEBRATE DIWALI OR DEEPAWALI -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ONAM -- THE OLDEST , 8000 YEAR OLD, FESTIVAL OF KERALA 





Above , you find two pictures of the flowercarpet we made in our home to welcome King Mahabali on Onam day today 9th Sept 2011

Today in Kerala we Celebrate Onam. It is one of the oldest festivals of India. The cultural heritage of Kerala comes into full bloom at this time.

King Mahabali ruled Kerala in 12000 BC. He was a very just , generous and righteous ruler. There was no crime or greed or jealousy. There was goodness and prosperity everywhere, and people did not even tell a lie. 


The people were so happy in his Kingdom that they stopped worshipping the gods . One day King Mahabali decided to do the Ashwamedha yagna.  Usually by doing this a king seeks to secure his authority as an emperor and dares any nearby king to challenge his authority bu sending a horse into his kingdom.

Those days all gods belonged to one sect called Devas, while King Mahabali ( or Maveli ) belonged to the Asura sect.

This made the King of Gods , Indra very jealous and nervous. He prevailed on Aditi, his mother to convince Vishnu to correct this imbalance. Vishnu decided to intervene and took the avatar of Vamana --a blue faced Brahmin midget ( dwarf ) .

After this avatar Vishnu, came later as Parashurama, Rama , Krishna ( 4000 BC )  and Ayyappa  .

On Dec 21st 2012 Vishnu's last and 10th avatar will be Kalki, on a white horse.





The Brahmin dwarf asked King Mahabali for alms-- a small grant of land.  The King told him that he can take as much land area as he wished, within his kingdom . But the midget wanted only three strides ( paces )  of land. 



Immediately the kings advisor Sage Shukracharya who was a seer, advised his king NOT to agree to this request, as he suspected something amiss and was sure of foul play. 



Mahabali being a very generous king, could NOT imagine going back on his word, during a divine sacrifice. 


So he agreed to grant the boon of three paces of land.




Sage Shukracharya,  still tried a last ditch manoevere.  He shrank in size using his powers and went inside the spout of the ritual water jug Kamandalu, from which holy theertham has to be poured to seal the promise as a divine ritual.   


The midget being Lord Vishnu knew this would happen and had a straw ready in his hand .  He shoved the straw into the spout gouging out Shukracharya’s left eye.  

Since this day on, the guru of the asuras has been known to be one eyed.

Vamana then assumed the gigantic form of Vishnu ( the Preserver lord ) and in the first two steps covered the whole of earth and cosmos. 


Then he asked the king where he should keep his third step. The king bowed down on his knees and told him to place the third step on his head. 



Before that he asked that he should be able to visit and bless his subjects once every year . 


Vishnu granted this boon and placed his foot on Mahabali's head and instead of driving him underground to the netherworld , he sent him to heaven -- pleased with his righteousness.





THIS IS THE REASON WHY ALL MALAYALIS CELEBRATE ONAM -- THE DAY THE KING WILL COME EVERY YEAR.  A CARPET OF FRESH FLOWERS IS LAID AT THE ENTRANCE OF EVERY HOUSE.  THIS HARVEST SEASON FESTIVAL IS SECULAR AND IT SYMBOLISES THE ADVAITHA PRINCIPLE.

DIWALI OR DEEPAWALI MARKS THE VICTORY OF GODS , OR DEFEAT OF KING MAHABALI .  

DIWALI IS CELEBRATED BY THE WHOLE OF INDIA-- EXCEPT KERALA.





On Onam day everybody has a holiday and he feasts ( traditional vegetarian cuisine ) on a banana leaf, like in the good old days . All wear new clothes . The ancient dessert of sweet payasam is enjoyed. The festivities go on for a full 10 days and it culminates with Thiruvonam .



Since Mahabali, this fabled land of Kerala always had the most advanced society of India. The people are highly aware and the culture is very deep rooted. When the whole of India burns due to intolerance, Kerala is an oasis of peace. 


This state has produced very eminent rishis and Maharishis. After the river Saraswati dried up in 4000 BC, there was an exodus down south to Kerala. A lot of the migrants settled down at the river Zuari ( Goa till the Portuguese started their inquisition ). This was NOT an Indian Aryan invasion--they were given refuge by Dravidians.



Maha means great and Bali means sacrifice --both in Malayalam and in Sanskrit. Mahabali's grandfather was Prahalad whose father Hiranyakashyap was slain by Vishnu in his Narasimha avatar ( before Vamana avatar ).


Every Malayali even if he works abroad, Christian or Muslim-- knows this 8000 year old Malayalam song-- if he does NOT , he is only a pseudo Malayali. 

Onam is Kerala's most important cultural festival -- to remind the denizens of a once blissful, harmonious and happy era--under the rule of a benevolent king..



maveli nadu vaneedum kalam,
manusharellarum onnupole
amodhathode vasikkum kalam
apathangarkkumottillathanum
kallavum illa chathiyumilla
ellolamilla polivachanam
kallapparayum cherunazhiyum
kallatharangal mattonnumilla
adhikal vyadhikalonnumilla
balamaranangal kelppanilla


When Maveli our king ruled the land
All the people were equal.
And people were joyful and merry;
They were all free from harm.
There was neither anxiety nor sickness,
Deaths of children were unheard of,
There were no lies,
There was neither theft nor deceit,
And no one was false in speech either.
Measures and weights were right;
No one cheated or wronged his neighbor.
When Maveli, our King, ruled the land,
All the people formed one caste less race



Vishnu came in his next Avatar as warrior sage Lord Parashurama. After Mahabali left Kerala , the land was oppressed by the Kshatriya ruling class. 


Parashurama's ( Ram with an axe ) mission was to destroy the oppressing Kshatriyas. He threw his axe northwards along the coast line from Kanyakumari and reclaimed land from the sea, as per lore.



A lot on my childhood memories are attached to the Onam festivities when we as a bunch of happy kids went to pluck flowers , mainly Thumbapoo and Chemabrithipoo. Nowadays children tell their parents to pay money and buy flowers from the market. 


The joy was in collecting the flowers, and the competition and adventure attached to it , by climbing trees , crossing streams etc.





In Yoga Vasistha Lord Rama asks his guru Sage Vasistha , who King Mahabali was, and the answer he got was that he was a great king and was protected by Lord Vishnu.  Lord Shiva killed Banasura the evil son of King Mahabali .
*******************************************************************************
MURINGAKAI , QUANTUM MEDICINE AND HAPPINESS TREE—CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

MORINGA OLEIFERA, THE ANTI NAGGING VEGETABLE



I am reminded of a small anchorage at Fujairah, one decade ago. A Pakistani Third Mate and an Indian Third Mate ( Bihari bhaiyya ) used to start fighting on VHF , as soon as they come on watch. 

For 4 full hours they would be trading choicest MA BAHEN abuses, or various variations which included animals too. At the end of the watch they would tell each other " Accha , good night--see you tomorrow!". 

It was amusing to monitor this. 

And the Pakistani taunts the Indian " Tum shakahari bhojan khaake kya maarega yaar?" ( By eating  vegetarian food what quality screwing are you gonna do, my friend ?)-- 

I found this so hilarious that even today it brings a smile on my face.

Well vegetarians , read this up-- help is at hand!


Whenever a young officer or sailor signs off my ship to get married , he has to compulsorily go through a 20 minute pep talk with me.

It is about happiness in marriage , avoiding nagging and divorce. Since I am reputed to run a good ship, all pay keen attention. I tell him before signing his CDC and paying him his wages-- “ Son, sit down for a 20 minute session on life management ”

Only we Indians have provided life management answers to this planet , as it requires ancient wisdom, which emanated from deep jungles having fantastic animals, birds , insects and plants.


The gist is as follows, and it is about sex. The prudes can skip the next three paras. 

Believe me-- behind closed doors these split-personality prudes can be something else.



A good sex session in bed leaves the woman totally defenceless, unable to move, with every muscle and nerve on her wide open legs quivering for the next 5 minutes. 

In fact during the act, she will slide up and come to a sitting position on the bed head stand and you have to pull her down , a couple of times back to a lying position. This is called sheer MAN POWER. 

Every woman wants the original caveman when it comes to sex.  




She wants a man with broad shoulders and powerful arms. 





She would love to be impaled and lifted off the ground , without use of hands --with sheer manhood power .  99.9999% of women on this planet die without knowing what this means. 



During this primal act, which sustains this planet, she does NOT care for your bullshit sense of humor, or your ability to keep her amused, or your bank balance , or your poetry or nice genteel manners or respect for womankind or whispers of sweet nothings or not being a loser or your chivalry or your penchant to whisper sweet nothings or your ability to respect her space or your swank style or your fan following or the type of car your drive or your deadly IQ -- or whatever. 



All she wants is to be roughly dominated and to be given a good manful pounding.

As soon as she regains control over the muscles of her trembling legs and tingling nerves and pores, you tell her to make fried eggs and coffee for you, just see the way she runs to make it, in a grateful manner. And see if she dares to nag you, against the laws of nature, that day at least. 



If you have screwed her like a weakling Khargosh (rabbit), she will tell you to make your own dang coffee and eggs—and while you make it she will be nagging your all the while, from bed.



All around you see couples getting divorced. One of the main reasons is nagging—the drip drip, constant nag or it can be the hurricane force nagging. The marriage is now full of negativity, contempt, one-upmanship and resentment. It is a black hole vortex , and once you cross the event horizon, the net result is a miserable divorce—and the uprooted lives of small happy children. 


Contrary to what is written , men feel the after effects more than a woman—but his pride prevents him from letting this secret out. . The woman will sooner or later, find someone very soon and she will wipe her slate off clean. The children more often than not, become misfits and misanthropes.

When a married woman is stressed the hormonal changes in her body trigger a chemical reaction causing sex hormone binding globulin to bind with testosterone cells, which makes them unavailable for libido . Have you ever noticed the middle life crisis of a woman?. So when she is given good sex feel good chemicals like endorphins and oxytocin are released which eases her frustrations and makes her run to make coffee and fried eggs for you.

So it is the job of a man to continue with a good sex life.Now this is easier said than done. You could marry the most beautiful girl in the world, but after a couple of months she wont turn you on physically. This is the way god has made man. He needs some assistance to charge him up. Viagra has come into the market and saved many western marriages. Indian marriages are not reliant on sex, but it is more commitment based. But still nagging or sullen indifference remains a huge factor. 



I have gone too much off tangent. Oysters , clams and mussels ( Kadukka ) have high levels of sexual performance enhancing zinc and proteins and aid in releasing sexual hormones like testosterone and estrogen. However they have lot of calories, and you need to be non-vegetarian and living next to the sea coast.



There is a cheap vegetable which can do much more. 

This is where Muringa comes in.

Muringakai first developed in Kerala and Sri Lanka. From there it spread to the whole of India as an Ayurvedic herb and food. After the British invaded India it has been planted all around the globe. India is still the largest producer of Moringa on this planet. This plant though tropical, is a survivor and needs little water, but loves the hot sun.

This fast growing tree can be planted just by shoving a small branch into the ground, the right end down. Make sure you trim the tree regularly , or it grows too tall, and you cant get the leaves and drumsticks. As per 7000 year old written Ayurvedic texts ,the whole tree is useful, including its fruit, leaves, flowers bark, sap and roots. In Kerala we have been eating Muringa since the past 1000 years. 

If Popeye the sailor man had heard of Muringa leaves , he would never ever eat spinach. For this leaf does several times more good, and more important it will give him a rock-hard hard-on, which stays longer. 



In Kerala the bridegroom is invariable given Avial curry on his wedding night, whose main ingredient is Muringakai , the long vegetable—also known as drumstick. And next day, just inspect his back—it will be scratched and bleeding all over. 


On the next day after my wedding , we had to go to a local temple. There I had to remove my shirt , as is tradition and men and women stand in different lines. I was wondering why all girls were giggling and having a ball, while my wife alone was standing there red faced and grim with a wrinkle on her chin. ( I hope my wife does NOT read this , for she will kick mE ass )

Sambhar curry for the Tamils has Muringa as a major ingredient.


Gram for gram powerhouse Muringa leaves have more Iron than spinach, Calcium than milk ( 3 times ) , Potassium than bananas ( 2 times ) , vitamin C than oranges ( 6 times ) , Vitamin A than carrots ( 4 times ) and rivals protein from eggs without the cholesterol from yellow yolk..

Never mind what others say, Muringa is best when fresh. It loses a percentage of its properties when dried and powdered. WHO recommends Muringa in daily diet, and I am sure they know what they say.

Need I say more? Allow me to continue.


Let me list some uses:--


Tasty food-- drumstick and leaves provide excellent and cheap nutrition , as it grows wild. Good for stamina and strength.


Infants get better quality milk from a lactating mother if she has the cooked leaves as food, as it promotes digestion too.


Leaves as food makes the skin glow and enriches anemic blood.


Leaves have high fibre content and is anti flatulent.


Antibacterial


Antibiotic


Anti fungal


Anti epileptic and antispasmodic


Juice from leaves stops shallow bleeding


Juice from leaves as poultice on sores, anti-septic. 


Juice from leaves applied on the body can protect tissues from nuclear radiation fallout.


Leaves as food reduce severe side effects of chemo therapy, as it is anti-tumor and anti inflammatory.


Juice of raw leaves for intestinal worms—mixed with honey.


Leaves good for diabetes , controls glucose levels


Leaves good as diuretic and stabilizing blood pressure


Muringa seed pleasant oil good for cooking.


Root paste is constipating and can treat worms


Seeds are purgative


Flower juice encourages urination


Seed oil for hysteria


Tree bark , root and gum is used in Ayurvedic kashayam tonics
*******************************************************************************
MYSTERY OF 9/11 SOLVED, HYDROGEN FIRES -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




MYSTERY OF 9/11 SOLVED,  
QUANTUM  HYDROGEN FIRES

911 CONSPIRACY THEORIES DEBUNKED.




Yesterday night I saw a BBC programme about 9/11 . They have jumped into the “conspiracy theory” bandwagon.

The experts they collected from all round the globe cried. Surely thermite was used in a sort of controlled demolition. And they went around showing controlled demolitions of sky scrapers which looked like the 9/11 twin tower collapse.

The  experts cried, OK, the plane remnants went under the rubble at the twin towers, but what about the open space of Pentagon.  Jet A kerosene used for driving the passenger Boeing aircrafts can hardly produce the heat required to melt the huge heavy Rolls Royce Titanium engines .

They said that the hole in the Pentagon and in the ground at Shanksville was too small. The experts found traces of Sulphuric granulation, which happens after a eutectic reaction.

Yes—all theories very convincing, and could sway the common man.

9/11 events have left the US govt red faced.  The common Yank and the angry relatives and friends asked the US  government , where are the remnants of the planes which went into the twin World Trade Centre towers and Pentagon.


All the US govt could offer was a lame , “ the planes just vaporized into thin air” —and were unable to back it up with a scientific answer.


All right, all your American folks listen up.
On ships I command we carry both commercial and military grade Jet Fuel--it is nothing but superior grade kerosene.

In ancient days, the Vedic Maharishi with 12 strand DNA with NIL junk, and king sized resonating pineal glands, always carried a copper bowl full of Ganges living water with him. Water was his source of Hydrogen. Some of the missiles used in the Ramayana and Mahabharata wars were Hydrogen based.

On the ship when we have an boiler economizer fire, we do NOT try to extinguish it by steam blow, as the water could cause a HYDROGEN FIRE.  The circulating pump is kept running for cooling the heat leg, after cutting off the oxygen leg of the fire triangle. Once a hydrogen fire starts due to rupture of the boiler tube, with VERY high temperatures, the boiler feed circulating pump is put off.

Hydrogen fire is a quantum event. The steel itself starts burning. A hydrogen flame is invisible, as it contains NIL carbon.

Hydrogen has a very light negatively charged electron and a very heavy positively charged proton, 1837 times heavier than the electron. When the hydrogen nucleus collapses the electron gives out heat energy.

The smaller the nucleus gets the more heat energy the electron gives off. Once started the reaction can sustain itself, and the hydrogen atoms collapse smaller and smaller, releasing increasing amount of heat energy with each collapsing transition... The hydrogen just diffuses through the burning iron metal, which absorbs hydrogen strongly.

Now how does Hydrogen get into the Twin towers and the Pentagon. Well all the three buildings are equipped with very efficient water spray sprinkler systems to fight a normal fire. Water is the only source of hydrogen.

Liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen is a VERY high heat energy rocket fuel—far greater than Thermite talked about in BBC. Thermite is a HTA or high temperature accelerant used by the US military, which can easily melt steel.




WTC TWIN TOWERS:
Fire spreads upwards in seconds , sideways in minutes and downwards in hours. There was 85 tons of Jet fuel on a floor on fire. It heated up the ceiling. As the joists on the top hot floor gave way and the outer box columns began to bow outward, the 10 floors above them also fell together, with crushing jerk. The immediate floor below cannot support the  ten floors above crashing down on these weak angle clips. This started the domino effect that caused the buildings to collapse within ten seconds, hitting bottom with an great speed almost 75% of gravity .The tower building is not solid; it is 95 percent air and, hence, can implode onto itself, and need not fall outwards . The picture below shows peabrained clip construction.


This tower had too much inertia to fall sideways and hence it fell straight down—like a controlled demolition.-- DOMINO EFFECT DOWNWARDS.



THE FUTURE OF THIS PLANET LIES IN HYDROGEN AS A SOURCE OF ENERGY. You can produce hydrogen by creating an underwater electrical discharge between two aluminum electrodes. 21 litres of water and 900 grams of aluminum can run a big car for 650 kilometers. You need a battery and a hydrogen buffer tank, which when full can use a sensor to separate the electrodes and stop hydrogen production. The car runs with hydrogen in the bottle and oxygen from the air.

Invisible hydrogen flame demo--



The video below shows south tower collapse in slow motion--



The video below shows North tower collapse in slow motion.




The video below shows the World Trade no 7 building crashing--after the twin towers had crashed (7 hours after the first plane hit ) . Rank bad design--just few small fires brought it down.  There was NO jet fuel in this building, like in the twin towers. The 20th floor of the 47 storey building had fires burning for too long (step motherly treatment ).  27 floors of weight and a hot sagging beams caused this.  Here there was more shock reaction damage . There was NO hydrogen fire here , like in the jet fuel heated up twin towers and Pentagon.--just poor peabrained construction.







BY THE WAY, THE TINY SHANKSVILLE HOLE DID NOT CONTAIN THE HUGE 6 TON ENGINES OF THE PLANE.    IT WAS SHOT DOWN, PROBABLY AFTER PRESIDENTIAL CLEARANCE, AS SUCH DECISIONS CANNOT BE TAKEN AT LOWER LEVELS.   THE COMMON NAIVE YANK MUST KNOW THIS.  THE HEAVY ENGINE PARTS SHOULD BE SEARCHED FOR IN SOME NEARBY LAKE.




THE HIJACKERS KNEW HOW TO CREATE HYDROGEN FIRES IN THE TWIN TOWERS, PENTAGON AND PROBABLY THE WHITE HOUSE.-- THIS WAS NOT AN ACCIDENT.  ARABS GENERALLY DO NOT HAVE THE GREY MATTER TO THINK THIS LATERAL WAY.  YOUR GUESS , AS TO WHO THE MASTER BRAIN COULD BE, IS AS GOOD AS MINE.



WHILE YOU PRAY AT GROUND ZERO ON 11TH SEPT 2011,  PL SPARE A THOUGHT FOR THE THOUSANDS OF WOMEN AND CHILDREN EXTERMINATED LIKE COCKROACHES IN IRAQ AND AFGHANISTAN--JUST BECAUSE THEY BELONG TO ISLAM FAITH-- THIS WOULD HAVE NEVER HAPPENED TO JEWS , RIGHT?.
*******************************************************************************
WHAT ANNA HAZARE DOES NOT KNOW ABOUT NGOs - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


  


GROWING CANCER OF UNBRIDLED NGOs -- VESTED INTERESTS FIRING OVER ANNA HAZARE'S SHOULDERS-- PROPPED UP SIMPLETON MESSIAH-- INDIA ON PATH TO SLAVERY AGAIN-- .



Anna Hazare is a simpleton with limited IQ.  Otherwise instead of being an army truck driver, he would have been something else. 



This "Simple Simon" is surrounded by a clique with high IQ -- all having a vested agenda and ulterior motive. 


Anna cannot answer a single question on his own Janlokpal bill, on his own.  Why dont we send him alone to Karan Thapar?



The Janlokpal bill of TeamAnna wants NGO's to be exempted from corruption investigations , while the government wants all NGOs' to be within the purview of Lokpal bill.

WHAT ANNA HAZARE DOES NOT KNOW IS THAT 98% OF INDIA WANTS NGOs  TO BE ACCOUNTABLE . 

The rest 2%,  are the parasitic vested interests or the ignoramuses, or the plainly indifferent ones who dont give a damn.

Now let me digress--

My North Indian friends only son was mentally challenged. After nearly 2.5 decades I bumped into him, and my first question was " Do you have any more children?" He says happily " No!. But my  semi-retarded son is now heading an NGO and he goes around in a chauffeur driven BMW!" 

So , in the past , politics was the last refuge of a scoundrel with no brains. Now heading an NGO is the last resort-- you can roll in hundreds of crores.

-- and then he proceeded to tell me ( being a close friend ) that most NGOs' are a mere cover , to make money without paying tax.  He even told me that some religious NGOs's were into Hawala money laundering and foreign drug trade.

A quarter century ago, I had a Tamilian third mate. One day while I was sitting on the Pilot''s chair in his sea watch doing some idle gossip with him, he told of a bizarre incident. He was walking through the busting Mount Road Street of Chennai , when suddenly a familiar voice called out his name. He was pleasantly surprised to see one of his "langot yaar" buddies , his class mate and best friend as a small child.  

Both of them had dinner and drinks together, and then his friend took him to his flat nearby. He had to while away some time, as the last launch service to ship was late at night.  His friend had showed him a card , which indicated that he was he worked for an Chennai NGO funded from Europe. He had even converted and become Christian with a new angrezi name .

To his surprise, there was NO furniture in the flat. It was empty-- just a large backpack in a corner, and another huge sling on airbag. On the floor was a inflatable pillow and a sheet--that was it. 

His friend confessed that he is now an LTTE cadre, quite close to Prabkakaran. Then he took out an AK47 machine gun out of this bag, assembled it and allowed my third mate to play with it.  In between he told him " If you want to kill somebody show him to me and I will do it " . 

Does Anna Hazare have any idea how many NGOs' are involved in funding the terror activities of Naxalites, ULFA , and the Muslim organisations?  Dawood Ibrahim alone funds several of them .


Recently we have the story of Libya. A strong man who ruled for 43 years has now run for his life. How did the well organised Libyan rebels , who took on an army, get so much latest model machine guns?  

Yes , your guess is right -- 

everything was funded and organised by foreign NGOs'.  Libyan oil is the best in the world.  




Libya did NOT learn the lesson of USSR. 

Much before USSR came apart, I had predicted that NGOs' who wormed their way in during Glasnost and Perestroika, will tear apart USSR. 



I had even predicted that a communist Pope ( Polish ) will be Vatican long before this event, to suck in the millions of confused communists who will NOT have state security any more. All of them would be so vulnerable that would would have to seek spiritual solace for mere survival.



I have been sailing round the world and speaking to people for 4 decades. My data is NOT from radio , magazines or TV.


Today NGOs' are involved in every mafia deal in Russia, and the former Eastern block starting from gunrunning, to paid mercenaries ( Purulia arms drop ), to plain whoring. Thousands of blue eyed ex- communist beauties are all round the world, in the sleazy sex trade. For money they will do anything. Later they just disappear.

China will be torn apart by NGOs' the USSR way. I predict the next pope will be a slit eyed yellow skinned man. 


This is about world domination which simpleton Anna will never ever understand as he is NOT perceptive enough. I am NOT saying that Anna is anti-national--but he must be careful not to allow the NGOs  to fire over his shoulders. 

Opium drug traders British East India Company owned by Rothschild made Indians their slaves. With their opium money, they build railways , roads, bridges and Harbours to steal India;s wealth. They paid mercenary soldiers, and missionaries. But for the North sea oil Britain would have been paupers long back.

Hardly anybody knows the real present condition of Portugal , who first came to India and stole lot of our wealth. Today they are all hand to mouth. They have spent all the riches stolen from India.

800 years ago, India was the richest country in the whole world. By 1947 everything was stolen and we were reduced to beggars. 

Today but for the internet and IT revolution, Indians would still have been branded as morons. Let nobody be under the illusion that only English speaking Indians who passed IIT and then went to USA have brains.

Our national brain bank is literally " non-evaporable" . An ordinary Indian child can whip his western counterpart in a test of IQ.


 IF INDIA BECOMES A SLAVE NATION EVER AGAIN ,  IT WILL BE SOLELY THE HANDIWORK OF FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs. 


The Jews cry hell over a few thousands Jews killed in 2nd world war by Hilter . They put the Serbian Inquisition ( Jasenovac ) body count as Jews .  

Nobody cares about 90 MILLION EXTERMINATED INDIANS.

Punch into google search THE UNQUANTIFIED HOLOCAUST AND GENOCIDE - VADAKAYIL

It is amazing how even Rothschild controlled Mormons have created alien and hostile NGO's in India to serve their vested interests. They are lucky that India headed by Sonia Gandhist philosophy, is allowing them a free run. 



Does simpleton Anna Hazare know that even Vatican poster girl Mother Teresa used her funds for running NGOs' to forcibly convert by giving sops ?  Does he know that most NGOs' are foreign mercenaries?  Punch into google search DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL MOTHER TERESA- VADAKAYIL.  



This is why sometimes I feel that hardcore Hindu organisations headed by the Thackereys , are a must in India to prevent us from being slaves again to foreigners.

And Anna ji why is that you never criticise Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi?.  Have you been banned from doing so ?   

After the nuclear deal when the Left front withdrew their support to UPA government, who gave the money for several MPs' to jump bandwagons ?

Why is Arundhati Roy ( a Christian with a Hindu name ) given so much coverage on all these foreign funded TV channels like NDTV and CNN-IBN. She will cry foul if a 17 year old boy with an AK47 is killed by the patriotic jawans. 


She expects our harrassed soldiers to fight deadly militants with both hands tied up. 



Why does not she say a single world in support of the uprooted Kashmiri Pandits who were driven away at gunpoint and their land grabbed? 




Why is UPA not putting her in jail for sedition ?



Why are the foreign funded TV channels giving so much coverage to chief of foreign funded PUHR , NGO owner, Teesta Setelvad (with a Hindu name and parents) a rabid rabble rousing Hindu hating Muslim.. 

Does she deserve the 2007 Padma Shri?  Who recommended her name?



What has she done to deserve so many foreign awards, sharing them with English speaking white prime ministers and eminent personalities? 

Pax Christie peace award, Nurenberg Human Rights award, Parliamentarians of Global action- defenders of democracy award-- and the lot. 



Why is Hindu bashing so lucrative? 

Could she do this any Muslim country? 

Why are Christian nations trying to drive a wedge between Hindus and Muslims all over again?

What is their stake in all this?. 

Does simpleton Anna Hazare know why the foreign funded NGOs' gave so such of largesse at Ramlila maidan rally,  free food , free drinks , free T shirts etc ?  

Other than lining their own nests via Jan Lokpal bill are these foreign funded NGOs' really interested in India's prosperity, or are they pushing their own deadly agenda?

And why cant people see all these IAS officer Harsh Mander type " souls with a conscience " resigning from plum government jobs, getting fathu publicity and then entering public life with an ulterior motive as NGOs' funded by foreigners?  

Kejriwal heading a well funded NGO , being an ex-Sarkari Income tax boss, knows all loopholes . Is his entry into team Anna just by chance? 

Below, have a look at the unelected crusaders , and self appointed moral guardians, of Anna's team. They dream of being the next generation elites of the international NGO cocktail circuit in Western capitals ala Arundhati Roy and Teesta Setelvad.




It must be remembered that Anna Hazare is the receipient of the Magsaysay award ( Filipino leader ) .



However this is a ROTHSCHILD controlled Rockfeller foundation award. 



Why is everybody in Anna's team , whether it is Kiran Bedi, Bhushan or Petkar --all NGO party?  


What is the Magsaysay award connection--as Kiran Bedi and Kejriwal are Magsaysay award winners too.




Who runs these NGO groups and who are their collaborators ? 

Who funds them ? 

To whom are they accountable? 

Why are they NOT transparent by a website? 

Why are they NOT following the NGO code set down by UN?

When an NGO does not have to pay tax, then it is a magnet for money launderers. Black money means , no tax is paid on it. This is what FII money is--foreign institutional investor money. Hawala money is brought back from offshore this way. 

We have several NGOs doing organic farming as a front-- they really do some smokescreen farming on a small sale by hiring people. Their huge profits are NOT from organic vegetables. They are double exempt from tax being an NGO and being an agriculatural producer.



If we do NOT drive away all foreign funded NGO groups from Arunachal Pradesh ( Chinese money ) and the Naxal corridor -- the freedom of our grandchildren are in danger. 



Are darlings of Western media , women like Aruna Roy and Arundhati Roy so naive that they do NOT understand REALPOLITIK of the West to destabilise a young rising superpower .  I am sure Arundati and Aruna are patriots , while I am not too sure of Teetsa Setalvad..



Let me remind them-- when the whole of the west were eating raw meat , doing grunt grunt for language and wearing animal skins , India was a huge civilisation with advanced mathematics and science , with more than 2000 languages.  




In above video-- 
Christian NGO and foreign funded NDTV , who keeps pricking Hinduism wants to know why women are NOT allowed in Sabarimala temple. The reason is 6000 years old—the diety Lord Ayyappa was a confirmed bachelor.  This low IQ woman Barkha Dutt ( caught red handed in Nira Radia corruption case ) will never DARE to ask a Muslim priest why women are NOT allowed in mosques.

Why do the West talk about Hopis and Cherokees and Mayans, speaking dialects, in the same breath and sentence as Vedic India?

ANNA HAZARE-- WHY DO YOU WANT A DIFFERENT YARD STICK FOR "KNIGHTS IN WHITE ARMOUR " FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs' , -- AND POLITICIANS/ BUREAUCRATS.  

WHAT IS THE AGENDA?  

DO WE NEED TO FIGHT INTERNAL CORRUPTION WITH FOREIGN MONEY? 

OR IS IT BECAUSE A WHITE ITALIAN WOMAN IS QUEEN BEE. 

Why has Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi signed away the nuclear interests of India, in such a tearing hurry ? Will both of them get a US green card , for living out their retired lives?

Every illegal business , whether it is Hawala or drugs--all have a front. In USA in the past most fur traders were Opium runners. Sinking tube borewells , building schools ( with nil childern ) etc by NGOs is a smoke screen just to be there. They keep non-profit rigged up accounts ready .


The ordinary man does NOT dare to go to Gaya , but 900 odd NGOs are immune--why?  Sometimes they act as middle men and mediators between government and Nazalites. Remember , these NGOs employ only the relatives of Naxalites. Or else how can you explain millions of dollars worth of guns and explosives with these bandits who claim that they dont have money to buy food. 

A lot of these tribal naxals have been recently converted into Christianity, as Christian foreign money run NGOs dole out goodies in a racist manner.. Yes, Naxalites dont have money to buy a chapati, but they have money to buy a 5 lakh automatc gun and bullets .

Like wise in India you will find many curio shops , NOT making a single sale a day-- but they are most prosperous. Shippies used to exchange dollars in black 3 decades ago with such NGOs' and fronts.

The Western lawyer culture of "ambulance chasers" and "hospital ward combers" is now deeply entrenched in India.  Devil in God's clothing. 

We have NOT yet sunken to the dark depths of the Yank serials where for CANNED LAUGHTER a dysfunctional family hurls abuses at each other. A 13 year old son being sarcastic with his mother or a 15 year old daughter abusing her father,  or a wife tearing apart her husband in front of children for cheap laughs. 

Yes-- we are moving surely towards this culture , if you see the latest Angrezi jumping jack "brown sahib" face book advertisement " HE IS ALWAYS ON FACEBOOK" of Vodafone. 

Hi pop!  Hi son!!
I'm your new friend , lad!  Join the club, dad!!

Do we need terror funding and racist evangelists running wild in India? There are more than 35000 NGO groups in India. They cannot be under the income tax radar scanner. 

Are these NGOs non profit,and non-criminal?

Why is there no effort to check that all NGO funds come in by legal route? Why is the UPA government not keeping a tab on NGOs and not forcing them to submit their account books?

A lot of foreign tourists come to India, NOT to see the natural beauty of India, but to settle accounts and returns with their NGOs.



Recently when Myanmar had a cyclone all white men funded NGOs' went hoppety hop , offering free money and help.  But there was a ulterior motive condition-- their own NGO groups would monitor everything. 
The Myanmar government had the balls to tell all them to FUCK OFF-- or they would have gone the Libya way or USSR way!



The white man first landed in 1498 in my hometown Calicut , in the form of Vasco Da Gama. Since then it has been deceit and " divide and rule" all along. Never ever forget this!



Hinduism , which gave the world so much is still referred to as a PAGAN religion.  To the west liberty is all about deliverance from the pagan religion, like St George on a white horse spearing the pagan dragon..


Punch into google search PROUD TO BE HINDU, PROUD TO BE INDIAN - VADAKAYIL.



A lot of support is drummed up on foreign funded TV channels , for the Manipuri woman who has been "fasting" for 10 years, so that Jawans have one arm tied up while fighting with deadly militants. She looks damn healthy on TV, if she is indeed force fed  by intraveinous needle .

In the Gyoto monastery of Dharmshala recently 7 crore of Chinese yuan currency money was found. The KOTJ trust was not registered to receive foreign funds.

A group of Hindu computer engineers in Silicon Valley , USA sending a lumpsome of money to India to repair dilapidated temples, is NOT the same as ex-Indian Dawood Ibrahim sending money from Pakistan to NGO madrasas for terror activity .

After 13 days of fasting Anna Hazare was visibly quite energetic, on the stage at Ram Lila grounds-- for an old man this goes against the law of biology and human cell energy. A young healthy man like Usain Bolt can do this, but not a man in Anna Hazare's physical condition. Even a fit yogi like Baba Ramdev "LUTAK GAYA!"   What was the catch?


Why do we give Manmohan and Montek Singh a free run with our economy and globalisation ? Are they so brainy genuises as touted ? If so let all genuises in India study for bottom dreg economics rather than for cream layer IIT .


Bishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa was once asked how he became a priest at the UN .  He said " When the white Christian missionaries first came, we had the land and they had the Bible. Then the Catholic missionaries cried-- hallelujah, close your eyes and let us pray to the good lord above .  So, we closed our eyes and prayed. When we opened our eyes after some time, they had the land , and we had the Bible!"

The moment people holding high government ranks as Director General of police ( Kiran Bedi ) and Income tax commissioner ( Kejriwal )-- resigned to do higher studies , it was time to smell a rat. They have he fame, now is the time to make truckloads of money, before it is too late. 

Public memory is short. Does any current generation Indian know the drug runners ( opium ) forefathers of  Tata , Birla, JK, Tagore families?

Cant blame them for even Gandhiji did not know it. Nehru knew it, as he was very close to Rothschild family man Lord Mountbatten's wife Edwina.

We still worship drug runners like messiah Raja Ram Mohan Roy.

Who will our future worshipful messiahs be? 

Who has spruced up Anna Hazare's village to be the best in India -- it costs money!




HERE IS A VESTED NEWS OVERDRIVE--

QUOTE: On Monday, 500 destitute and orphans from the NGO, Maher, in Pune district skipped breakfast and lunch to saved Rs19,140. They have decided to donate the money to Anna Hazare’s anti-corruption crusade.


These children, who are between eight and 15 years of age, were joined by their teachers, guides and other destitute women from Maher’s 21 centres in the Pune district.


The atmosphere inside the main hall of the Maher head office in Vadu Budruk village, 30 km north of Pune, was sombre from 9am to 4pm, as 250 children meditated.


The day began with the Maher children participating in a prabhat pheri (morning rally) through the streets of the village shouting slogans supporting Hazare’s movement. They returned to the ashram by 11am and sat in silent meditation without food until 4pm.

The children concluded their fast with a soulful rendition of Mahatma Gandhi’s bhajan, Raghupati Raghava Rajaram.


Founder-director of Maher, Sister Lucy told DNA that the children were deeply inspired by Hazare’s campaign against corruption. “We discussed the Jan Lokpal bill and Anna’s ongoing fast with the children . They then suggested that they will undertake a day-long fast to support the cause.”


“I am proud of what our children did,” said Hirabegum Mulla, president of Maher. “The Lokpal bill is important for the common people of India. Anna has been fasting for the seventh consecutive day in Delhi and we felt we needed to contribute in our small way.” :-- UNQUOTE





Yes--these messiahs will have the powers ( officially , by law ) to tap the phones of our Prime Minister, Defence Minister and Finance Minister and give information to Rothschild ( East India Company owner ) , to frame iron clad cases against them -- to shackle Mother India all over again.



Hullo, Anna Hazare, listen up--

YOU ARE NOT INDIA---- as Kiran Bedi proclaimed



We Indians will NOT permit shadow governments controlled by Rothschild -- as has happened in Tunisia, Egypt, Jordan, Yemen, Libya, Algeria , Bangladesh etc. 

We will NOT permit prisons to be used by NGOs to recruit terrorists-- where , as soon as a brainwashed prisoner comes out, he is given a well paying job by the NGOs. 

We will NOT allow Rothschild puppet NGOs to control our defence, finance and education sectors.




The TV and news media will be closely monitored , and if necessary the "sedition party" who does too much ideological propaganda , will be locked up in jail. 



WE INDIANS WILL NOT ALLOW A POPULARLY ELECTED GOVERNMENT TO BE DRAGGED IN THE MUD BY FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs , AND A LOW IQ MESSIAH..

We will now allow Anna Hazare to "do a Taliban" in India , the way this " messiah lawmaker " has done in his village Ralegaon Siddhi-- where you cant drink, where you cant eat meat, where you cant see movies other than religious movies.  

Already the foreign funded NGOs and their stooges are trying to compromise our national security, by shutting down all India's nuclear plants-- by bribing local leaders with heavy money.

Some of these NGOs are bribed to import electronic and chemical waste from USA and Europe ( millionsof old model and usless computers/ TV sets etc ) to be buried in landfills , and to pollute our ground water instead of theirs. The necessary Govt and Customs officials are bribed too to make this a HUSH HUSH thing.  Even the World trade centre burned out , hazardous waste was exported to NGOs  in India as metal scrap. One Cadmium battery pollutes 700 tons of ground water.

Rothschild foughts their wars in America ( Independence wars ) using Hessian mercenery soldiers from deep inside Germany. They gave these merceneries to blue coats as well as red coats. Red coats were the British crown. The blue coats were their Freemason opium agents in USA. Today they use NGOs' ( economic war wing ) and naxalites ( military wing ).


Naxalism is funded by foreign funded NGOs. Prashant Bhushan and his father has been fighting tooth and nail, to exclude all foreign funded NGOs from the purview of Jan Lokpal.   Kiran Bedi's NGO "India Vision Foundation" , IVF is funded by Rothschilds and Lehman brothers.

In July 1994, Kiran Bedi, the then Inspector-General of Prisons of Tihar Jail was pulled up by the Supreme court of India ignoring the apex court directives for providing aid to a foreign under-trial prisoner by initiating contempt proceedings against her. She escaped from punishment despite being heavily reprimanded, due to pressure from West, in view of her winning the Rothschild sponsored Magsasay Award-- the court exonerating her from further proceedings. 

Kejriwal flouted all service rules while serving for the Income Tax Department , as one can not be allowed to run NGO and actively participate in other  activities while serving for the Indian government IRS.

Today India is 87th rank on the list of corruption free countries.  And Switzerland ( with all her corrupt bankers ) is on the top  cream -- oh yeah? really?  Whose skewed list is this?  800 years ago before the foreign invaders came and stole everything from India, we had NIL corruption-- for we were the richest country in the world.

It is too late to teach a simpleton like Anna Hazare REALPOLITIK!   

I do hope India does NOT get a Mayawati type on the PM chair-- she will understand only Dalits and her own ugly YUCK statues.

Below, the rich hand of Rothschild who controls India, vide foreign funded NGOs
*******************************************************************************
CREDIT CARD FRAUD BY YATRA DOT COM -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



YATRA.COM CHEATING SCHEME-- ELITE PROGRAMME --CREDIT CARD NUMBER MISUSE


This is for CBI and criminal agencies to take note -- a copy of which will be going to them.



This is also for all major credit card companies to take note.

Yatra dot com has been cheating several people by using the mobile telephone.



You will get a call , with lot of background noise , from a person who speaks good English--introducing himself as an employee of YATRA DOT COM. 

He will start of by saying that this conversation is being recorded for a training programme.

He will tell you that you are one of their good customers , as you have given them good business and that they want to present you with their free branded watch costing 3500 rupees.

Then he will want your home address, to send the courier package to-- 

-- there is a method to all what follows . 



He will keep making mistakes in writing down your address, and get many YES responses from you, as an answer to " Is this correct? "

Then he will say he has to verify that this address is the same as the person who gave them such good business. He will ask for your credit card number, all the while telling you not to reveal the 3 digit pin code or the password. He will keep assuring you, that no cheating will be done, as this is just to verify that they are speaking to the right person , to send their yatra dot com branded watch

You will wonder what is the harm in giving this, as your credit card is still secure. You pay usual bills by writing the credit card number-- even mobile phone bills

He will also want to know the expiry date of the card and the Bank which issued it .



Then he will say that he have certain schemes for you , and then he will rattle off at least two dozen schemes -- which cannot be heard clearly over the back ground noise --like in a huge canteen . It cannot be a call centre as they don't give this type of human voice clutter. This schemes will be about discounts to shopping vouchers, international and domestic travel, holiday resort stays etc.

Then he will say that his boss will now go through the same procedure--and he will call within two minutes , again.


At no time will he tell you that you have to pay an amount of money to them.

After some time a SMS message will come to your mobile that a TRANSACTION OF RUPEES 6067 , HAS BEEN DONE USING YOUR CREDIT CARD NUMBER XXXXX AT YATRA DOT COM ELITE PROGRAMME.

When you call up the number from which you got a call from Yatra dot com-- a voice will say that no such number exists.

When you realise you have been cheated and call up your credit card company, they will say --" THIS IS NORMAL.  THIS IS A PROTOCOL.  SUCH MOBILE TELEPHONE BUSINESS IS CONDUCTED , AND WE PAY UP AS USUAL -- EVEN WITHOUT THE 3 DIGIT PIN CODE AND SECURITY PASSWORD, ON THE BASIS OF THE CREDIT CARD NUMBER YOU GAVE ON TELEPHONE AND BY YOUR "YES"  BY VOICE TO THEIR SCHEME".

It is obvious that yatra dot com , had extracted several YES answers from the victim , over the mobile, and   two taped conversations were edited.



The internet is FULL of yatra dot com scams and cheating stories.


Well all I can say, to these poor scamsters is please wait till the guillotine falls.  A hot and scratchy part of a dark cell is waiting for you. 




You are being traced and watched --  the process is already on.



This is my promise to you -- from Capt Ajit Vadakayil..

-- also anybody entering YATRA DOT COM in Google search will see this post on page ONE -- a major dent in your brand forever !
*******************************************************************************
THE DEADLY FIRE ON AIRCRAFT CARRIER USS FORRESTAL - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THE UNTOLD STORY OF SENATOR JOHN McCAIN-- SECRETS OF USS FORRESTAL FIRE REVEALED




Yesterday I saw a TV programme on Discovery Channel. 

It was a graphic video and post mortem investigation about the mysterious fire on USS Forrestal, at the Gulf of Tonkin , Vietnam, just before a bombing session  -- causing 164 deaths and very serious burn injuries to 161. 



It is amazing how much disinformation can be spread by Freemasons who control the media. At no stage did they say that US Republican senator John McCain who ran for president against Democrat Obama, was one of the kingpins of this disaster. 

His name was never mentioned, while dozens of names were churned out, including that of the pilot of the next aircraft on his side.

No sir--he was NOT an innocent victim , who suffered serious burns. An aircraft carrier hold about 5500 sailors. There are thousand of sailors all having their own take about the cause of this major fire . 

It was a piece of cake to withhold information from the American public in those days of peer reviewed magazines all owned by Rothschild controlled Jews and the Free Masons. 

AT SEA, AFTER A MAJOR ACCIDENT--IN MY EXPERIENCE , TRUTH HAS ALWAYS BEEN THE FIRST CAUSALITY.  POWERFUL FORCES QUICKLY BURY THE TRUTH.  COVERING THE HONOURABLE ASSES AND INSURANCE GETS PREPONDERANCE.



I knew about John McCains role in this fire , 2.5 decades ago when USS Forrestal sailors painted Mardi Gras at New Orleans red. When drunk in bar, all want to discuss John McCain and the fire.







They were swarming all over Bourbon street in drunken revelry--they were officially permitted to do so for--hold your breath--good performance!




USS Forrestal had a long lousy history, and a VERY poor safety record.  In fact several sailors had told me that " fires happened every 3 days on an average --but this 29th July 1967 fire just went out of control. 

Usually the fire squad would just dump a dry powder extinguisher and put out the fire-- they were experts and cocky about it, at their mindset to treat a large fire as a usual kitchen stove fire ..

On my ships I command, we carry Jet fuel-- I know about Jet fuel fires.



As was the major pollution at Alaska by Exxon Valdez, the fire on USS Forrestal too spiralled out of control by poor command and control.  

As soon as the fire started the Captain should have used the relative wind to advantage by ALTERING COURSE, and not by reducing speed in a pathetic manner, as shown on the video. It must be noted when planes take off, the aircraft carrier always heads into the wind, for the wind to assist take off.

On chemical tankers which I command, if a sailor does NOT know the relative wind direction, he will be doing his future generations a great dis-service by mutating their genes.

About Exon Valdez-- if oil has to escape from a ships tank into the sea due a grounding rupture, it has to be replaced by water or air. If beer has to go into your belly from a bottle , the beer must be replaced by air-- or the vacuum will prevent it from entering your mouth. It is that simple. 



This is the meaning of command and control--it is NOT about throwing your weight around in times of peace and expecting everybody to salute you. When it is dark, only the stars can shine. You can hardly judge the worth of a leader in times of peace--he will stand out only in a crisis --either as a hero OR as a moron saddled around your collective necks as a millstone.

You don't use dry powder extinguishers or JET WATER hoses in a fire. BLEVE ( boiling liquid expanding vapor explosion ) must be given NO 1 priority. Only a fine water mist or Foam can be used on a Jet Fuel fire.

On a ship, we dump acetylene bottles at the vicinity of a fire overboard-- even before the regular emergency headcount muster takes place-- ONE minute of early action can avoid total disaster. External fuel tanks on fighter jets must never be allowed to BLEVE. This BLEVE is as dangerous as a COOKED off tiny 500 pound ancient bomb.



The official version of the fire was an unusual electronic surge anomaly ( blame it on ZE surge always --and confuse them bosses ) which causes a Zuni rocket from a F4 Phantom to hit the external fuel tank of an A4 piloted by LCDR White -- LCDR John McCains's plane was next to this plane and both planes caught fire instantly.

Both A4 Sky Hawks were while parked on the flights decks, with engines running awaiting clearance , just before the take off.


The covered up truth is bizarre. McCain was a cowboy, acting up like Rambo- trying to be the next General George Patton of history. None dared to trample his toes as his father McCain TWO and grand father McCain ONE were both famous top Admirals-- connected to the powerful Freemasons and Rothschild--hobnobbing with US presidents. 



The Captain of the ship will never get a promotion, if John McCain THREE serving under him, says a bad word about him to daddy. He was literally unbridled. I have spoken to several USS Forrestal ex-sailors and NONE had a good word to say about him. 

Probably it was all grapevine or jealousy or all of them were Democrats. But them ALL cannot be wrong about one single person while being part of a fighting unit.  How unfortunate, to be recorded in history this sad way!



People were sick and tired of this young man's cockiness and indiscipline. The has crashed 5 aircrafts, and retired after the final crash , where anti aircraft fire brought him down and made him a POW. 

But he was recorded in US records and being shot down by a SAM. This is like changing the cause of your death from dying by snake bite , to a more honourable " killed in a fight with a deadly lion".

What pisses of McCain's shipmates was his " come on boy--bring it on-- take me if you can " attitude. In a class of about 900 at Military academy he was 5th from the bottom--and he felt no danger to himself-- for his daddy was there to see  him through. 



His first crash was at Corpus Christie, where his plane crash landed into the slush water while landing, and he knocked out unconscious . He said his engine stalled-- but it restarted on first try. A running hot engine does NOT stall. And if it does so, then it wont restart. His father ensured no pilot error was recorded.

His second crash was while trying to do a Rambo and hot dog under pylon supported electric wires -- leaving thousands in Spain without electricity. His father made sure there was no local or US navy punishment. McCain 3 was boasting about his own " dare devil clowning"

His third crash was when he took his jet to see a football match . On way back to Norfolk, again his engined stalled. All say he was drunk. But then , who is gonna bell the cat? If his father can take helicopters to do fishing burning tax payers money, why not the honourable son? Can not Freemason Admiral's sons do anything and get away?

 

On Forrestal aircraft carrier, there was NIL disciple. McCain would WET START his jet, to cock a snook at all. 

This is like young drug addicted rich kids trying to get attention by spinning their cars and burning rubber. He just loved to piss off his colleagues, and they could do nothing about it. No body dared to throw a Yank punch at this volatile misfit, who went to the mess or the heads with a chip on his shoulder. . Honourable navy men were reduced to mice.

WET STARTING , BY FLOODING FUEL , WITH FLAMES COMING OUT FROM EXHAUSTS LIKE FLAME THROWERS IS NEVER EVER PERMITTED ON AN AIRCRAFT CARRIER, BY ANY NATION. WET STARTING IS ALWAYS DELIBERATE.


WHEN THE PLANES ARE STARTED IN THEIR PARKING SPACES THEY ARE NOT HEADING INTO THE RELATIVE WIND.   THE EXHAUST FLAME HEAT WILL TRAVEL SIDEWAYS AND IT CAN COOK THE EXTERNAL BOMBS OF THE AIRCRAFT ON THE SIDES.

Hardly anybody wore uniform-- it was usual to see smoking in wrong places by bare chested men on duty wearing cut off jeans.  Fuelling planes would be done at the same time as loading heavy external deadly bombs on the aircraft. A4 was a bomber while F4 was a fighter jet.



When a jet wet starts , all know McCain is inside--as that was his signature. When his plane caught fire the first thing he did was to panic and drop his bombs on deck. Later his father covered it by getting records fudged by telling 1000 pound bombs were connected to his plane instead of the regular 500 pound bombs --as they ran out of bombs ( sic!).  And the heavy bombs just revolted and worked their way loose-- just like the " electric surge theory".

McCain 3 was QUIETLY bundled into a chopper ( no bye bye cheerios ) and transferred to another ship Oriskany, on orders from Mc Cain 2, who commanded CINCUSNAVEUR. and had the clout. . The entire crew of 5500 on Forrestal had turned hostile . He was the only sailor to leave Forrestal after the fire-- as it was rumoured that he might get lynched..

When he was captured by the Viet Cong on Oct 26th 1969--McCain sang like a canary. His utterances against USA 's arrogance was taped ( without his knowledge ) and used by Vietnam as propaganda. Imagine this man ran for president!  

QUOTE "Things are taking place in a favorable opinion. The United States at present seems to be standing alone. So much is its isolation". UNQUOTE. 



They made 38 videos of his anti national dishonourable ramblings. If you cant take the heat, why did you join the Navy, meant for real men? Later McCain signed for all his taped conversations, and they offered him early release. 

There was NO way McCain could come home after putting his signatures on his snitch-sheet , and he preferred to stay back, on advise from his father . 

This was touted as a HUGE plus point when he ran for president-- how honourable he was , and how his comrades and friends came before him-- and how his arms and legs were broken during the torture session blah blah. TV shots were circulated during his campaign showing him hobbling around in crutches as a result of extreme torture.




See above picture-- will a black POW get this same attention from a US president? 

McCain broke his leg BEFORE being captured by the Viet Cong and then he was POW for 5 years. Why the fuck is he still limpin'?--this is what everybody wants to know.


And Hanoi was spared from US bombs because daddy's son was with the Viet Cong, out there.
He broke his bones all right--it happened jut because he panicked and eject improperly from his aircraft , when hit by anti aircraft fire. You don't qualify to become president by disgracefully crashing your planes and jumping out of a burning plane to save your skin , and ejecting in a rookie manner from a plane which was hit by AA guns. 



But then this was him--or else why should be at the bottom of the barrel in a class of 900 at academy, despite his fathers clout. If he was a black or Hispanic he would have never ever cleared the academy , as he could NOT do simple things straight. It was NOT that he was a moron, he was himself--arrogant cowboy.

McCain 3 now joins politics. His wife is connected to Jewish Rothschild man Bronfman. Later in life Bronfman financed his run for US president.



I have bumped into Forrestal several times over the decades. The grandest one was in Aug 1988 while transiting the Suez Canal. She literally made waves. It was a sight to see.



I have seen her several times while passing at Philadelphia Pier 4--where she was tied up next to USS John F Kennedy.. They had removed all pollutants and she was being readied for being a underwater reef--later for tourists to dive as a museum. A good idea indeed.

I was him campaigning on CNN telling how he tapped messages in Viet Cong prison , with broken bones --and then he asks the audience, pointing to Obama sitting next to him "

 Is THIS what you want in White house!" 



To Obama's credit , though his blood drained from his face, he restrained himself and did NOT respond to this ultimate slur or being called THIS ( like chicken shit ) instead of HIM.



Does anybody believe that Viet Cong snitch McCain became close to being president of USA on his own merit ?  Or was it all about Freemason connections and Rothschild Jewish money , due to his wife's pull?.  

The common naive yank does not even know who runs the US Federal reserve. 



TIME magazine was arm twisted to write: QUOTE McCain languished in Hanoi for years , rather than accept a dishonourable release, he considered dishonourable UNQUOTE--



--  while the naked truth was he was awaiting for time to heal the negativity and furore in USA over his famous video taped anti national snitchings .





Hullo common Yank -" Are you free?  



Why do you submit to these high handed Free Masons?




Listen to what Russian President Putin says , when John McCain warns him of a fate similar to Libyan President Gaddafi ( who was beaten to death on the streets by Zionist merceneries ) -- in the video below.  If cow-boy McCain thought, he could scare cool cat Putin, it did NOT work








" Do you feel our planet is safer without John McCain and Sarah Palin in the White house?"
*******************************************************************************
AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITEWASHING CHURCHILL'S INDIAN HOLOCAUST- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
VINDICTIVE GENOCIDE MOST FOUL --   1943 GREAT BENGAL FAMINE KILLS 5.2 MILLION --   DELIBERATE STARVATION OF A GENTLE RACE-- ROTHSCHILD STOOGE AMARTYA SEN



This post is made on request from Tapan Bannerjee , one of my readers. 

I have no desire to exhume shocking matters , which will cause a great deal of heart ache to a vast section of my people. Still I have thought about it , dwelt on it for a day, and decided to go ahead. 

It must be recorded that Bengalis are very proud of Amartya Sen, and the intellectuals revere him more than the great Saurav Ganguli. After a Bengali reads this post, Amartya Sen wil be taken down from his pedestal. 

As soon as Amartya Sen won the Nobel prize in 1998 for Economic sciences 10.4 lakh Bengalis delirious with joy had taken out a rally on the streets of Calcutta, dancing for hours. 

Amartya Sen first caught the white man's eye when he did a Rudyard Kipling-- that the brown man of Asia is the European white man's burden. He focused on the gutters of India, self inflicted poverty , lack of free press in all his works, which the white man lapped up.

This was the hidden reason his nationalist first Hindu wife left him, as told to a Bengali writer..

Let me put it on record , that I have no desire to give any importance to a pseudo Indian  Amartya Sen , who holds the world record for the number of international humanitarian awards and number of honorary doctorates ( 54 ) . 

To check out this ridiculous and mind boggling list , check out Amartya Sen on Wikipedia, which is a free encyclopedia run by Rothschild , more as a propaganda tool--  always available on page one of the Internet search engine Google



Amartya Sen was given the Nobel prize on Rothschild's recommendation ( for the economics of famine ) and also the Bharat Ratna by our W who also signed away India's nuclear rights too.



By the way British East India Company who ruled India and made us slaves was owned by Rothschild Jews. Amartya Sen's third wife is Emma Rothschild, who is the direct blood sister of Amschel Mayor James Rothschild.  



Rothschild family owns 80% of Israel and also the US federal reserve and almost all international banking institutions are run by them. They decide the bulls and the bears of the stock market.


Amartya Sen is just one in the line of a list of Bengali brown sahib Rothschild loyalists, like Raja Ram Mohan Roy, Debendra Nath Tagore ( Rabindranath's grandfather ) who had opium connections with Rothschild and became fabulously rich. 

Shantiniketan was built with opium money, and Amartya Sen vacations there even today, he was born there too..



East India Company deliberately build Calcutta at a convenient location to be the hub of a vast hinterland growing opium for export to China. All the past Freemasons were agents of this world wide opium trade , sustained by the Jews.



I have reserved my opinions on Amartya Sen for myself, till I saw his interview on Rothschild funded TV channel CNN-IBN. This is a channel which allows anti-nationals to vent their thoughts and do India and Hindu bashing on prime time 9 PM, with full supported by UPA govt. 



The Indian TV anchor employees do NOT have a choice, if they want to continue working there.  Wiki leaks had recently revealed how Rahul Gandhi was worried about Hindu terrorism in India.



Hindu terrorism?

All pl punch into google search UNQUANTIFIED HOLOCAUST AND GENOCIDE  VADAKAYIL .

Read this post first and then comeback to this post again. Or you will NEVER understand why my mind blanks out Amartya Sen. The whole world thinks that he is an intellectual. 

But Capt Ajit Vadakayil says BULLSHIT-- he is just their type of intellectual.



This man cannot even think clearly.  I had to change TV channels half way between the daft interview conducted by pea brained Sagarika Ghose. 



The Indian patriot must know that most of our TV channels are foreign funded, where disinformation is spread every day by the likes of Teetsa Setalvad , Shabana Azmi , the way Rothschild did before --DIVIDE AND RULE. 



It is so easy. All you need is to sow seeds of suspicion. 

Let us imagine two brothers are very close and they boast that no wedge can ever be driven between them. Imagine the wife of one guy had blonde hair and the other had black hair. All you need to do to make the two kill each other, is to put a blonde hair on the wrong bed , and manipulate the blonde's husband to see it . He will now spend a sleepless night in wondering how his wife's hair landed up on the bed of his brother--the cold war will now start, before the inevitable hot war .



The Indian DNA is unique, as we had the culture of joint families, where love was in abundance and shared. There was nothing like this is yours and that is mine, or we and they concept within the joint family.

When Ram went to the forest after being manipulated by Bharat's mother, Bharat refused to sit on the throne , and kept Ram's sandals on the throne till he returned after exile. This is our Dharma. 



This is why the divorce percentage in India is 0.001% while it is above 50% in the west. This is why in India we dont throw our aged and helpless parents away, as soon as we start earning money.This is is why a beggar on a Indian street with just a loin cloth does NOT ambush or mug a woman with gold jewellery on a deserted dark street.



Foreigners like Sonia Gandhi will never ever understand the Indian ethos. 



We need India to be ruled by a person with Indian DNA. 


Amartya Sen will watch the video below , and be unmoved, (or for the matter any Roman Catholic Italian white woman with foreign DNA ).--as his Indian DNA is re-programmed.

Any person with Indian DNA will get moist eyes, on watching the video below-- this is what we have been reduced to -- the richest country in the world 800 years ago, is now in this sorry state.




As soon as the Mughals from Turkey ( Akhbar/ Shahjehan types ) invaded India, we were introduced to the bizarre system of brother killing brother or gouging out the eyes, so that the throne can be forcibly usurped. 



When the white man came to our country we were wondering why they were in such a desperate hurry to translate all our ancient Vedic books on Maths and Science to English from Sanskrit. They had even taken away hundreds of Pundits fluent in Sanskrit to England , so that translations can be done from there. These pundits were literally held captive. The Pundits could NOT see each other, and were kept widely separated.

Each Sankrit text went though three different translations. If any Pundit did NOT read between the lines, being a nationalist, retribution would be severe, and he would die in England.



Like how the Mathematics genius Ramanujam was whisked away to England , and then discarded like a curry leaf, after they got the juice out of him . We were wondering what is the dire need to PATENT knowledge. Yes, the white man patented all our ancient knowledge and established Indians as a stupid race. 



Now, punch into Google search ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF  VADAKAYIL. Read it and them come back to this post, or you will not understand what I mean.



Amartya Sen was given the Nobel prize for white washing the most terrible thing done in history-- deliberate starvation of 5.2 million Bengalis during the famine in 1943. 



Now pl punch into google search WINSTON CHURCHILL, THE UNKNOWN SIDE VADAKAYIL 

and 

WINSTON CHURCHILL , HENCHMAN OR HERO  VADAKAYIL.  



After reading both these posts come back to this post again. You are now surprised right? --as to how much history can be subverted by one single man. Well this is the meaning of Rothschild Zionist power. And Amartya Sen is in the inner clique of Rothschild by blood line. 



He got his Nobel prize 2.5 years earlier than his marriage to Emma. He started his close friendship with Emma when his second Jewish wife Italian Eva Colorni died in 1985. 



Amartya's first wife was a great Indian nationalist Nabaneeta Dev who could not tolerate his shameful sucking up to the white man to further his career prospects.. After this divorce Amartya has proclaimed himself as agnostic. Hindu bashing is now his field.



Before the second world war there was OPEN one-upmanship between Jawaharlal Nehru and Subhash Chandra Bose, causing a great deal of distress to Mahatma Gandhi, who when forced to take sides leaned closer to Nehru.  This made Bose very bitter. 



Bose was a great patriot and was passionate about Indian freedom from British tyranny.  Lord Mountabatten was a Rothschild stooge just like Churchill-- both related by blood. Churchill's mother Jennie was a Rothschild. Mountbatten's wife Edwina was a Rothschild.



Bose formed INA in great haste, causing a bizarre situation. Now Indian will have to shoot Indian. One from the British boat and the other from the Japanese boat. 



Now punch into google search NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE, UNTOLD SECRETS OF RABAUL TUNNELS VADAKAYIL. 

Let me warn in advance , this will cause EVERY SINGLE Bengali a great deal of heartache, when they get to know how a great hero and intelligent man like Bose could be fooled so easily. Read it if you can and then come back--only then you will be free.



Winston Churchill was a manic depressive, prone to mood swings and he was drunk throughout the day. He used Opium suppositories , hardly anybody knew this--except his doctor. What follows is NOT a mood swing of Churchill. 


He was a vindictive man, rather a diabolical person clinically. All Churchill's popularity rating polls are rigged by Rothschild--the same way Amartya Sen gets so many accolades.

As soon as Bose formed the INA every single Bengali gave immediate support. Now Churchill supported by Rothschild decides to teach them a severe lesson. Starve the bloody Bengalis--never mind if they are connected to the rest of well fed India by roads, railway lines, aircraft and ships. 




Much later Japan knew how vindictive a Rothschild lesson could be in the form of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Germans already knew it in the form of DRESDEN pulverised with bombs in a gruesome overkill.



Japanese were now in Burma, and so the official Churchill line was that he was doing a SCORCHED EARTH policy. 

The actual reason was , watch the way I screw you traitorous Bengalis , for fuckin' around with Rothschild.



Japanese would be denied food and transport in the Bengal corridor. This was where all the opium fields and hinterland lay. The British secretly confiscated every single boat, every single vehicle, including -- hold your breath-- bullock carts. 



As if the Japanese would ever require local boats and bullock carts. They confiscated elephants too for publicity--to make the scorched earth policy catch the world's eye. Bengalis depended on boats ( without fuel ) for their even transportation, to sell their goods.



Nehru did nothing. Gandhi was so naive (like our present Anna Hazare) and out of touch with reality that he was staying in Opium runner Ghanshyam Birla's house. The Bengalis were NOT ALLOWED to cultivate rice-- or the Japanese would eat it, right?



This was NOT the first time , Bengalis were forbidden to plant rice. It happened in 1769, causing a great famine killing more than 10 million Bengalis. --and history was just repeating itself. Warren Hastings was found guilty in 1770 and was censured verbally, to proclaim British Justice to the world..



At that time it was vindictive retribution to the argumentative Bengali , who refused to cultivate Opium , Jute and Indigo on their rice growing lands. You cant eat opium, jute and indigo , right? . 



By the way he wrote a book after he got the Nobel prize " Development as freedom" . This low cost, shallow thinking book has NIL buyers. Only 2800 copies were consumed and that too what Rothschild made people lump abroad, free.

Well , this deliberate scorched earth policy caused male members to join the military corps , where they get free rations. The British Govt could not care less about women , children and older people. They just starved. Rice was available in Calcutta. 



Starving skeletoned people in a terribly shocking condition started pouring into Calcutta, by the millions . They would forage , fight over scraps , and eat any sort of garbage .


The British parliament wanted to pass a resolution to send food to India immediately. This was stone walled by Churchill, who asked sarcastically in British parliament " If there is famine in India, why is bloody Gandhi not dead yet?"



Dozens of Australian ships loaded with grain enroute to Mediterranean,  could have eased up the situation immediately. Churchill using his wartime powers and his powers given by Rothschild who was more important than the King of England , said NO!  



When reminded that he would be judged in bad light by history for using starvation as a political tool , he said sarcastically " History will be kind to me , for I intend to write history"




Sorry, Churchill baby, how wrong you were-- SUCK ON THIS INTERNET POST ! 

Leopold Charles Maurice Stennett Amery who was First Lord of the Admiralty (1922–1924) . During the 2nd world war, Amery was Secretary of State for India.  


He was continually frustrated by Churchill's intransigence and his mean resolve to starve to death 5.2 million Bengalis . In his memoirs Amery records "I couldn't help telling Churchill,  that I didn't see much difference between his outlook and Hitler's, which annoyed him no little."


All this talk about Hitler killing 6 million Jews,  is all Rothschild propaganda. Vatican under Pope Pacelli Pius XII , killed more Serbian orthodox Christians for they refused to accept a middleman with a hot line between themselves and Jesus. This tally was put on Hitler's account.

Bengal was the granary of India till the British in the form of Rothschild owned British East India Company, stepped in and started cultivating cash crops and Opium , in their effort to get rich. 

Now punch into google search MURKY TRUTHS OF SEPOYS MUTINY 1857 , FIRST WAR OF INDEPENDENCE 1857 VADAKAYIL. Read this post and come back.



Bengal was lush green with clear ponds full of fish every where. To survive there was NO need for rice. Because of 70000 confiscated boats,  the people starved, as the inland water navigation system collapsed.  

Calcutta was full of WW2 soldiers ( about 3.5 lakhs )  who retreated from Burma, under Japanese assault. 



Churchill exported rice in this current dire situation , from Calcutta and other ports of India. The cost of food now increased and the poor man could NOT afford it. 

For military fortifications and needless airfields people were expelled from fertile lands-- pretty much the same way Tata tried to build a bullshit NANO car factory in Singur, using his clout.

We Indians must know that the white west has gone back to clean rivers, blue skies  and green country sides. The polluting industries are now in China and India.

To read about opium cultivation and find out who our honourable drug runners were punch into Google search --

THE DRUG RUNNERS OF INDIA VADAKAYIL 

and 

DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY VADAKAYIL.  

Read it and get back, only then you can find out how big a king-pin Rothschild family member Amartya Sen is.

It is a pity this great holocaust was never mentioned in any book or magazine and was bottled up till the Internet age. For every magazine, every TV channel and media is Rothschild controlled even today. 



With  the advent of Internet, this truth started filtering out. Meanwhile Churchill was the modern face of Rothschild, voted in a rigged poll by the white man-- as the most famous Englishman ever . 



Rothschild forced Freemason President Bush to install a bust of Churchill in the oval office of White house. This was dumped by Obama as soon as he assumed office.

SO THIS IS WHERE OUR BROWN SAHIB , HINDU BASHER AND ANTI-NATIONAL AMARTYA SEN  COMES IN.

Amartya whitewashed the black deeds of Churchill and Rothschild. He was thus honoured with a Nobel prize.




Here is what bullshit Amartya Sen wrote in his books and told in all foreign TV channels till be frothed from his mouth.



1) There was adequate food in Bengal at the time of the great famine in 1943.

2) There was NO need for Churchill to send rice to India .

3) Diverting grain ships from Australia passing India enroute to Suez Canal every few days, was NOT necessary

4) Bengalis did panic buying and greedy hoarding in a disgraceful manner.

5) The local administration consisting of mainly Bengalis were corrupt and inefficient in food distribution.

6) How incompetence and corruption can cause famine in a land of plenty.

7) Root cause of famine was inflation and speculative hoarding by Bengalis. It was NOT hoarded by British for the army.

8) Food was stocked 13% more in Bengal than in 1943 than in 1941. Hence it was OK for Churchill to export food from India.

9) Famine cannot exist in proper democracy. ( India under princely states never had famine )

10) 1943 famine was a local Bengali man made thing. The incompetence was native NOT of the British.

11) Bengali producers exported food.

12) Wages of labourers was NOT in par with food prices. Enough food was there , believe me, I saw it in the local bania godowns .

Below is a quote from Amartya Sen's warped way of thinking. Mind you,  he used great verbosity to baffle us with his bullshit , supporting Adam Smith.

QUOTE-- But Smith's defense of private trade only took the form of disputing the belief that stopping trade in food would reduce the burden of hunger. That does not deny in any way the need for state action to supplement the operations of the market by creating jobs and incomes (e.g., through work programs). If unemployment were to increase sharply thanks to bad economic circumstances or bad public policy, the market would not, on its own, recreate the incomes of those who have lost their jobs. The new unemployed, Smith wrote, "would either starve, or be driven to seek a subsistence either by begging, or by the perpetration perhaps of the greatest enormities," and "want, famine, and mortality would immediately prevail...." UNQUOTE-- 

BLAH BLAH BLAH--


Sorry, Mr Amartya Sen even a urchin child knows famine means , no food available.

So Amarya Sen gets famous and rich for giving his slanted and loaded views about human rights, poverty, inequality , welfare economics , social choice theory , democracy to prevent famine, food distribution systems , FAD, entitlement theory, third degree shortage in a under nourished society, misdirected policies, negative freedom, positive freedom ( sic!) , entitlement shifts -- BLAH BLAH.  

Cut the crap, Mr.Amartya Sen , Indians are NOT fools. 

Let us imagine a boy king of 12 is in charge of a kingdom threatened by famine -- as it has happened so many times in our history.  He knows that eeven Napoleon cannot eat thrice the amount of rice (or staple food like potato) he normally eats -- we are NOT talking about caviar here.   

He will know that all available food has to be immediately secured or siezed , by strict monitoring.  He will make hoarding a death penalty.  For this he does NOT have to search the whole country, where 95% people are hand to mouth --"there goes one more day" pattern.  He will prohibit any family from having more than a week of food stock in their houses.   He will introduce a fair price rationing system for people below the poverty line.  When it comes to the crunch he will give a royal order that only the king's depots  can sell rice.  He will make sure epidemics are controlled , by advocating alternate foods , instead of rice --  as usually 60% of famine deaths are by malnutrition related diseases. He will eliminate waste. He will d his level best to import food.  He will leave no stone unturned to run survival kitchens. 

He is not gonna be constrained by bullshit modern economist theories -- where just mere earthy commonsense is required. 

For all this you must LOVE your own people. This is why in India we like our ruler to have Indian DNA, -- NOT Italian or British or Portuguese.


This is the man who declared in the late sixties - only Marxist communism can prevent poverty in India and then he recruited students for the Naxalite movement from Delhi university. Now he does a volte face and jumps boats and how-- Communism to Capitalism , Tamas to Rajas --without a Sattva in between. .

Amartya is still a great underground sympathiser of Binayak sen , who is in jail for sedition ( Naxalite brain ). He even took the trouble to unwrap the book by Minnnie Vaid " The Binayak Sen Story"



When Hitler first met Churchill, he was white faced and then he whispered " I have met with the anti-Christ today-- as told by Nostradamus. He is cruel and intrepid.. He frightens me !" Aliester Crowley wrote about this.

Churchill and Pope Pius XII have killed more people than Hitler.

Double agent Amarya Sen frightens me even more. 


In the 1781 American war of Independence , Rothschild gave King George III, (who spoke German as his mother tongue and English as a second language) 34000 German speaking Protestant Christian Hessian mercenaries of ancient Chatti tribe descent -- all paid handsomely with Opium money- to fight along with the British Red coats. 



The best part is they sold mercenaries to their overseas Freemason agents in charge of American Blue coats  to fight on the opposite side too-- they were double agents. 





In India Rothschild has already armed Naxalites and ULFAs, with far superior weapons than what the CRPF and police has.. 

Have you see the thousands of Hummer and Land Rover type SUVs' used in Libya, fitted with heavy long range automatic machine guns, to be used against the tiny guns of Mohammad Gaddaffi?-- where do you think it came from, all of a sudden ?-- Same place from where Naxalites got their guns. Naxalites will one day spill over the red corridors and run over India-- if we are naive.

They are even doing Ethnic cleansing by shooting all Libyan black skinned men







Emma Georgina Rothschild is NOT a friend of India. 


Her role model is Adam Smith, who laid out the blue print for fooling naive Indians into the Sepoy Mutiny of 1857, so that opium traders Rothschild can take over India, officially.

( It was Adam's idea that East India Company should rule India after the Battle of Plassey in 1757, when Robert Clive defeated to Siraj Ud Daula and ended the Mughal empire for good.  East India company could have crushed Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan of Mysore any time they wanted. But they cleverly did some HINDU MUSLIM DIVIDE, and held on till Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan broke open the secret vaults and foundations all Kerala temples and Calicut King Zamorin's palace and stole Trillions of USD worth of gold, the fruit of 6 millenniums of spice trade. Jewish Rothschilds could have never achieved this, as the spy network information provided by the local muslim Maplah half breed Malayalees were critical.  And then in one foul swoop in 1799, Rothschild killed Tipu Sultan and took all this gold away to their underground vaults in Europe. In July 2011,  24 billion USD worth of gold was found in a minor Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple at Trivandrum, where there was no spice trade. The main vault has not been opened yet due to judicial orders quoting security problems.)



First of all the trigger of the Black hole of Calcutta was a big lie. It was tom tommed by East India Company that Nawab Siraj Ud Daula locked up 146 Britishers in a small dark ill ventilated room, out of which 123 died. The truth is only 58 people were in the room , out of which 19 died.. 


Adam Smith used this PEARL HARBOUR or LOUSITANIA  type cause to start the Battle of Plassey in 1757, for East India Company to take over India. The battle itself is a white lie. The battle never took place. Siraj Ud Daula was killed before even a single shot was fired by his brother-in-law and army Commander Mir Jaffar, who was bribed by Rothschild employee Robert Clive.  



Mir Jaffar was made a stooge Nawab and in return he gave a lot of Siraj Ud Daula's gold and diamonds for Robert Clive to take home personally in secrecy. Clive wanted to squeeze him more and when unable to milk him further, shoved off Mir Jaffar and put his rival Mir Qasim as the Satrap.

Adam Smith was responsible for the Chinese Opium misery. It was his idea.



Adam Smith an East India Employee is considered by the West as the " Father of Capitalism " and he wrote the book "Wealth of Nations" --the Bible of the Capitalists.



His theory was-- EVERY MAN IS ALLOWED TO PURSUE HIS HEDONISTIC DESIRES TO A LAWFUL CONCLUSION, AND THAT OPIUM IS A "LEGITIMATE PRODUCT" . ( If you want to know what is Hedonism , go to Negril Jamaica , and check out  drugged orgies on the open beach in broad daylight -- own pleasure first ! screw everybody else !!)



ALL OBSTACLES TO BUYING CHEAP AND SELLING DEAR MUST BE REMOVED, WHICH IS THE CORE OF GLOBALISATION...





Sorry Mr. Amartya Sen we have no room in India, for Rothschild mistress Ann Rand and her bullshit character John Galt of the book ATLAS SHRUGGED, - or for the matter, your wife Emma R0thschild's white washing interpretation of  hedonist and East India company employee, Adam Smith vide her book ECONOMIC SENTIMENTS.



Today Rothschild controlled bankers will use hunger as a weapon, by converting SELECTED fertile food growing lands to cultivate Bio diesel ( fatty acid Methyl esters ) to run the white man's cars.  Some naive European Union countries have been pushed into giving up agriculture and to culivate biofuel fuel crops ) 

Rothschild is using another Indian Dr. Rajendra Pachauri to spread the bullshit of greenhouse gases and global warming.




Everybody had been wondering why the current generation of Rothschild has stopped all their covert games. Oh no! They upstaged all their ancestors with the HOAX of the millennium. GLOBAL WARMING DUE TO GREEN HOUSE GASES . This would make poor countries rich in natural energy like coal and hydrocarbons buy biodiesel and alternate from Rothschild's companies in European countries who have NOTHING in their country— just unfertile , no mineral , no energy wasteland.


WE FIND STUPID INDIANS CRYING FOR THE FAKE 6 MILLIONS JEWS OF THE HOLOCAUST.

90 MILLIONS HINDUS – YES - 90 MILLION -- WERE SLAUGHTERED – AND NOBODY CARES .


ENCYCLOPEDIAS DID NOT RECORD IT, TILL THIS BLOGSITE FORCED THEM TO  .


THIS 90 MILLION DOES NOT INCLUDE THE FAMINE DEATHS  IN INDIA –DELIBERATELY INTRODUCED IN SUCH A FERTILE COUNTRY..

9.8 million Indians  died in the great DELIBERATE famine of 1769- -deliberately starved by Rothschild controlled East India company employee Warren Hastings , who wanted Opium , Indigo and Jute for export instead of food.

Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE Guntur famine in 1832 to make people lose hope and force them to migrate as Indentured labour in foreign lands .  Rothschild planned two years in advance as in 1834 Black slavery was abolished and replaced by Indian Indentured labour.

Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE Orissa famine caused by Rothschild in 1866 / 67 where 5.8 million Indians died of starvation .There was mass exodus and indentured labour to foreign lands

Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE famine in India of 1876–78 where 6.3 million Indians died , while 61 million Indians starved . Again there was mass exodus to foreign lands as indentured labour.


We Indians are more familiar with the DELIBERATE famine in 1943 ( Bengal ) for which Amartya sen got the Nobel prize when 5.2 million Indians died.  Rothschild screwed the Bengali clan of Subhash Chandra Bose who dared to jump from British camp to Jap camp in the middle of WW2
*******************************************************************************
INCREDIBLE RUNS- USAIN'S SHORT BOLT AND FORREST'S LONG GUMP - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


SHORTEST RUN OF USAIN BOLT VERSUS LONGEST RUN OF FORREST GUMP 

Running is a sport which every man can do. No money or expensive infrastructure is required.

My favourite running scene for a long time was in one of the Jerry Springer shows, where a obese man mountain was told " If you run from here to there in 10 seconds, this juicy triple combo beef sandwich is yours ".



And the fat man just did it.  He ran like the whirling dervish, as if there was no tomorrow. 

Shows what magic incentives can do.



Goes to show how much motivation can do to move lard mountains.


Then came along the Hollywood movie Forrest Gump acted out by Tom Hanks-- tailor made for him. It is about a simpleton with a low IQ of 75 from Alabama, with a speech impediment. 



His love Jenny sleeps with him for a night and leaves the next morning . She did not respond to his marriage proposal , but tells him that she loves him, and leaves it at that. . 



In his hour of extreme personal distress , simpleton Forrest Gump remembers what his dead mama had told him." You got to put the past behind you before you can move on!". 



Unable to come in terms with the loss of the love of his life Jenny, the deaths of his mama and his bosom buddy Bubba,  and to avoid sinking into acute depression -- he decided to do just what his dear mama had told him-- leave things behind. 




He goes for a run. 

And then he decides not to stop. 


For the next 3 years, 2 months , 14 days and 17 hours Forrest Gumps nay runs across USA. 

Contrary to the proverb " a rolling stone gathers no moss" , he develops a small following who are happy to just run along behind him. 

He runs hard , troubled and hounded by old memories-- of how he ran from bullies to escape a beating, how he ran in Vietnam to save a comrade in arms , and how Jenny ignored him, and his sad life without mama. . 

One day he gets to terms with himself , he snaps out of it and suddenly stops , with a bunch of confused and bewildered followers behind him. 

What to do next?!  

A young guy behind him silences the crowd buzz and cries " Quiet, he's gonna say somethin' !" 

Forrest Gump says softly " I'm pretty tired now, I think I will go home now!". 





This scenic spot on the highway between Mexican Hat and Monument Valley Utah where Forrest Gump stopped running , and jacked all his followers, is now a famous tourist spot. 

This is how much impact this unique long run in a low budget Hollywood movie , had on everybody on this planet.







Above-- Usain Bolt burning rubber-- and setting the track on fire.  This is what TRAILBLAZING is all about- ok?.

And then along comes,  THE character-- Jamaican Usain Bolt , who gave us all on this planet , our greatest moment of sporting history. Yes, the Beijing Olympics, where he set a world record in the 100 metres dash-  nay- bolt.

Usain Bolt was born to run. He exemplifies the joy of running. 

Here was a natural showman who celebrated before a race. He was not cocky, he was just himself.



At the finish , he was so far ahead of the bunch, he stops sprinting the last 20 metres and just flows along the river, thumping his chest with his arms widely stretched in celebratory mode .

THE DENIZENS OF THE ENTIRE PLANET JUST BLEW THEIR COLLECTIVE MINDS.



He pulverised his own world record of 9.72 seconds and set a new one of 9.69 seconds.  He made the whole dang thing look so simple. He was so laid back at the start of the race , that he ran with untied shoe laces. 

Experts opine, after computer inputs , that he could had clocked 9.51 seconds and set a world record which could have never been broken for centuries-- had he taken the race seriously. 

He then went ahead and broke his own world record at Berlin clocking 9.58 seconds, this time without horsing around, setting all speculations that he is NOT YET a phenomenon,  to permanent rest..




Above picture shows our BIG cheetah, with a TINY cheetah!

Immediately his uppity detractors including IOC president Jacques Rogge, condemned Bolt and wanted to blackball him and strip him off the gold medal , for showing disrespect. 

They had done it in the past for the infamous" black power salute", -- to John Carlos and Tommy Smith ( he smashed the world record in this 200 metres event ) in the 1968 Mexico Olympics.  They were on familiar ground.

This was just a " human rights salute" -- misinterpreted to suit the white man's mood swings.  In that era the black man was an full American with full rights and respect only during Olympics-- and that too only the world record holders. A devout and articulate black Catholic man could NOT even be a priest.



The ball was surely moving this ominous way..

How dare a mangy black man misbehave in this manner-- only the white Yank like superbrat John McEnroe can be allowed to get away with this type of bad behaviour, right?.

Then someone suggested . Usain is now the people's darling. 

People love this winner's unique antics and Superman pose. The roars of appreciation are still echoing all over the planet. 

There will be riots within the stadium. This Olympics will have to be aborted , if you ever make this silly immature mistake, and you might get a public lynching too. 



The people of this planet will NOT accept such a gross decision inflicted on this living legend.

This is a star 100 metres finals event, the most played sport on this planet. 

It is NOT some bullshit curling ( spare me!), fencing, boat pulling, horse jumping or gymnastics, Western nations have made and introduced to gain easy medals to show a good medal tally and hence racial superiority.



Jamaican minister Edmund Barlett vigorously supported Bolt , switched himself to wisdom mode and opined tersely " The celebrations are appropriate. You have to see the glory of dem moment!"



If you watch the video, you will notice that the commentary provided by a yank was excellent. A pommie could have never done justice to this truly EPIC lightning Bolt moment of undiluted madness. 

Nobody dared blink or breathe for 12 seconds. Till 40 metres Usain Bolt was NOT even in the lead, as he is a poor starter off the blocks.



Can there ever be another delightfully insane moment in sporting history like this?

Jealous Carl Lewis frothed from his mouth and bitched. He insinuated that Bolt took drugs as his timing was out of this world. Well Carl baby, dont fret-- he is taller than you and much more fitter-- show some dang grace--will ya?. 



Bolt cooly sets two more world records in 200 metres and 4 X 100 metres relay, in the next two days. 



The yank commentator screams his head off -- " Here they come down the track and its Usain Bolt winning by a daylight-- he has now gone into the realms of video game timings !"


YIKES !!!

It made mE day.



Above picture shows Usain Bolt with his swank red Ferraris. 

When my elder son got a well paying computer job, after doing his ME at Cornell Univeristy, Ithaca ,USA, I presented him with a look alike -- a brand new maroon Mitsubishi Eclpise. 

See below picture of his car --it is a growling racing beast too, but a lot cheaper and cooler-- what with under carriage green neon lights.
*******************************************************************************
PARROT JOKES -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Old legendary pirates kept parrots as pets. In addition to being early warning radars, they provided them amusement too.

I know of a Jack fruit ( Chakka trader ) shopkeeper who trained his parrot to say in Malalayam " Dont give the good jackfruit, give him the bad one kept in that corner".  He did roaring business, as customers found this hilarious.


Let me put down some spicy parrot jokes.  enjoy!





MONICA:

Monica Lewisnky had a parrot whose previous owner was a whore in a brothel. The parrot would give running commentary , as soon as the act on bed started . 

Being intelligent the conscious parrot gave unique punch lines , appropriate to the scenario. Examples-

HERE COMES THE GUN OF NAVARONE--
WALL IS DOWN, PINK FLOYD IS NOW PEEPIN' OUT--
SECURITY BREACH NOW, AT LOS PANTALONES--
THIS SOLDIER AIN'T UNKNOWN AT ALL --
POPEYE GETTING SOME SHORE LEAVE NOW --
OUR NEXT GUEST NEEDS NO INTRODUCTION--
PAGING MR JOHNSON, PAGING MR JOHNSON--

Bill Clinton had heard about this parrot and asked Monica to bring the parrot to the White house . As soon as Bill unzips, Hillary walks into Oval office unannounced. 

Bill zips up immediately and pretends to work, while Monica ducks deep under the presidential desk .

The parrot hung at the corner now screams her head off " FLY SHIFTED BACK FROM MONICA TO HILLARY MODE , JUST NOW !"




SITTING ON A SUITCASE:

A couple was about to leave for their honeymoon. 

The woman wants to take her parrot along. The man was not so keen as the parrot was raised in a brothel. 

However the woman has her way , when she promised that the cage would be covered with a black cloth all the time. 

They check into a hotel at a distant holiday resort. They get into bed. 

Soon the woman remembers that in the heat of their argument, she had forgotten to lock the front door, and the key was still on the door, in a bad neighbourhood. 

So they decide to rush back. They pack up the suitcase, but the lid wont shut as they had done some shopping in town. 

So the man said " Let me sit on it " and sat on the suitcase cover, but it was not possible to lock the suitcase. 

Then woman said " You get up, let me sit on it!". The suitcase still would not shut.

So the man said " Shift a little , let us both sit on it!". 

Immediately the parrot jumps up and down in the cage , screams her head off from behind the black cloth " THIS I WANNA SEE--THIS I WANNA SEE-- !"



SEX EDUCATION CLASS :

A 13 year old girl takes her pet parrot to school. She has exams and as soon as the test was over she planned to visit her grandparents, direct from school.

The exams were a ploy, instead a sex education class started. The teacher went on and on about the birds and the bees--

After some time the parrot screams from inside the school bag " ALL THOSE WHO KNOW FUCKIN' --CAN THEY GO HOME ?"




CAPTAIN'S PARROT:

A magician was working on a luxury cruise ship in the Caribbean.



The audience would be different each week, so the magician allowed himself to do the same tricks over and over again.

There was only one problem: The captain's parrot saw the shows each week and began to understand how the magician did his tricks.

So she would upset the show by revealing the secrets --
"Look, it ain't the same hat" 
"Look, he is hiding the balls under the table" 
"Hey, why are all the cards the Ace of Hearts ?"
The magician was furious but couldn't do anything; it was, after all, the captain's parrot, and his job was well paying.

One day the ship had a collision and sank. The magician found himself on a piece of wood in the middle of the ocean with the parrot, for sole company. They eyeballed each other for a while , and then decided to ignore each other.

This went on for a day and then another and another.

After a week the parrot screams  : "OK, I give up. WHERE'S THE FUCKIN' SHIP?"


CHRISTMAS CAROL PARROT:






A woman went to a pet shop , and saw an expensive parrot. The pet shop owner explained that the strings attached to it's legs were to signal it to sing.

He pulled on the left string, and the parrot sang a melodious "Jingle Bells".

He pulled on the right string, and the parrot sang a soulful " Silent nights".

Then woman asked "What if you pulled both strings at once?"

The parrot screams " I WILL FALL ON MY FUCKIN' FACE , YOUR BITCH!"


    



BOSS MAN:
A man goes into a pet shop to buy a parrot.



The shop owner points to 3 identical looking parrots on a perch and says: "The parrot on the left costs a thousand dollars".

"Why does that one cost so much?" asked the shopper.

The owner says "Well the parrot is computer savvy"

The man then asks about the next parrot and was told that this one costs two thousand dollars , because it can do everything the other parrot can do plus it knows the UNIX operating system.


The curious man asks about the third parrot to be told that it costs one million dollars. 


Startled , the man asks " Holy shit- what can it do?"
The owner replies " Honesty I have never seen it do a dang thing , but the other two refer to her as BOSS!"

  


   

  
NEW PET:
A woman went to a pet shop and saw a large, beautiful parrot.

There was a sign on the cage that said $50.00.

 

"Why so little?" she asked the pet store owner.

The owner looked at her and said, "Look, I must warn you that this bird used to live in a brothel and sometimes it utters some pretty vulgar stuff."

The woman thought over it , but decided she had to buy the bird anyway.



She took her home and hung the bird's cage up in her living room and waited for it to say something.

The bird looked around the room, then at her, and said, "New house, new madam."

The woman was a bit shocked at the implication, but then thought, "That's really not so bad."

When her two daughters returned from school the bird saw and said, "New house, new madam, new gals."

The girls and the woman were a bit offended but then began to laugh about the situation considering how and where the parrot had been raised.

Moments later, the woman's husband 'John' came home from work.

The bird looked at him and hollers,   "Hi, John!"
*******************************************************************************
CHINESE ADMIRAL ZHENG HE IN CALICUT- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



In yesterday's Indian express newspaper, I saw the picture of some Chinese scholars pouring through the ancient records engraved on PALM LEAVES in the Calicut University archives hall. 



They were digging up information about Chinese Admiral Zheng He who made 7 trips to Calicut from 1406 to 1433, all trips sponsored by the Ming dynasty.


Well if they read this post, I would advise them to go to Timbuktoo, gold mines, and nearby that place there is a dry desert. 



Lots of Malayalam palm leaf records and translated Arabic paper records about Muslim trade with Calicut in the times of Zheng He and his forefathers are buried in sand holes .




Well Zheng He’s father, grandfather and great grandfather has also come to Calicut in HUGE Chinese junk ships.  


Ibn Batuta has clearly written about his meetings with Zheng He’s grandfather – he bumped into him at Calicut King Zamorins court. 





He had to wait to see him for a couple of days as this Muslim Chinese man had gone to Cheraman Perumal Masjid at Kodungallur to pray.


Chinese loved to trade with Calicut kings as they were very honest and principled. They loved and honoured  Bodhi Dharma who was a great Kalari sword and martial arts warrior and also a Buddhist saint.


Never mind what Chinese historians or Western historians say, our records state that the Shaolin temple monks were trained in combat by Bodhi Dharma . He taught them the secret Kalari 108 marmas or vulnerable points , which was given to Kerala by Lord Parashurama in 4200 BC.  This Chinese martial art strain is now called Kungfu

Calicut kings were honourable and generous men. , They took pride in never breaking their word , once given. So there was NO need for extensive written marine charter party contracts and on the spot cash payments. 


Sometimes it would be paid in the next voyage, such was the mutual trust. Deals and negotiations were done by clasping each others hands under a white Veshti , and using finger pressure. So though the deal was witnessed by all and concluded, NO body knew the first and last bids and the process. Profit or loss a deal was a deal, and the King would die rather than cheat. Chinese never cheated or stole.




Compare this with what Portuguese Vasco Da Gama did in 1498.  He landed at Kappad beach at Calicut . 


Majority of his sailors had Pirangi Punnu on the penis ( foreign sore ) - and they used to walk with legs apart. 



The Calicut Kings Vaidyar , told the king it is a veneral disease NOT found in Kerala . 



Vasco da Gama has the gall to appraoch the King in his palace and say say that he wants to leave behind four of his white sailors as "hostages". 



As it is the locals women were pissed off by the ugly lecherous behavior and constant ogling of the white sailors. They thought cultured Kerala Hindu women could be had for sex, the way they took the ugly black women in Malindi Kenya , dime a dozen.



The king demanded why?.  

Gama says "You also have to give four of your blood relatives as hostages, who has to stay on my ship. This is to make sure promises are kept on both sides.!" 



The king was aghast, at this "Mexican stand off" type lack of culture.



At night Vasco da Gama's sailors stole pepper vines in large quantities , literally vanadalising large tracts of pepper groves. ( cutting the roots of hundreds of metres long pepper vines) , and took it in pots on their ships in great secrecy. 

They had zilch idea that every inch of their thieving progress was being monitored by dozens of eyes in the dark. When Zamorin was told about this , instead of getting angry, he had a hearty laugh and said " Vasco Da Gama can steal our pepper plants, and our soil-- but there is no way he can steal our Thiruvatira Jnattuvela ( tropical wet weather )."

And finally that was what thief Vasco Da Gama did. He sailed away taking 4 of Calicut kings blood relatives as hostages to Cochin, without paying customs duty. His goods from Portugal was pathetic-- trinkets, coloured glass, and glass beads for cultured people wearing diamonds, gold and silk.. 

Glass HA-- wrong number !  Ancient Indian Vimanas as per Vimanaka Shastra of 5000 BC had heat resistant sodalime glass containers to hold mercury . Our Mahabharata wax palace of 4000 BC, where Draupadi made fun of Duryodhana , had transparent glass windows. The Univeristy of Taxila of 3000 BC had a text Vedic text Shatapata Brahmana . This university had 10500 seats for world students were available as long as they were more than the age of 16. Students came from as far as Mesopotamia, Greece, Syria, Arabia , Russia, Thailand and China. Our ancient kings placed water filled globe glasses to magnify written texts.


Above is a comparison of Zheng's ship with Columbus's ship Santa Marta.

The Kings accountants never needed abacus for complicated accounts calculations.  Zheng always wondered at the great mental Mathematical prowess of the Malayalis. By the time the Chinese acoountants finished rat-a-tat, even the King was ready with the answer done in his mind, using Vedic Mathematics . Calicut kings shared their navigation secrets through the treacherous reef bounded Red sea . Or else you have to berth your slow and clumsy Junk at Aden or Salalah and then take a land camel caravan to Mecca.


The Calicut king was kind to the Chinese and would treat them to lavish spicy dinners and classical music sessions. The Chief of the Chinese junk fleet would always be given a KASAVU PUDAVA , which is a gorgeous multicoloured silk garment with gold threadings . 




They also send Kerala Ayurvedic herbs and tonics like Chyawanprash and Ashwagandha , Sandalwood ,Sarasaparilla sherbet cordial, and incense --which the Chinese kings back home loved.


There was a time in Sri Lanka when the Sinhalese king who had usurped the throne from a Malayali/Tamil king was literally humiliated by Chinese admiral Zheng He.  He drew out the Sinhala soldiers protecting the snooty king by using a decoy force. 

Zheng then invaded the palace and captured the arrogant Sinhala king.  He took him as a prisoner to Quanzhou China, to give the uncultured Sinhala king few “lessons in humility”.  He also took away the tooth of Buddha , which was returned by Chou En Lai in 1960.


The rightful Kerala king was re-installed on the throne , and the Sinhala king was sent back as an ordinary citizen . At the same time it is on record that Admiral Zheng , though he was a Muslim eunuch ( got castrated at a young age when he was a prisoner ) was NOT anti-Buddhist.

During Zheng’s time Calicut was the richest port on this planet.  India as a whole held 35% of global GDP.  Vijayanagara served this port as hinterland.

Admiral Zheng had several record keepers sailing with him on his passages to Calicut. Some of these records are NOT exacly correct. He records Calicut King as a Hindu Brahmin. Well our Calicut kings ( my hometown ) are Kshatriya clan Varmas . They have never belonged to the Kerala Brahmin Namboodiri or Bhattatiri clan .
Also Zheng’s erroneous  records say that Calicut King’s Chiefs were Muslim. Sorry, all his Chief’s were Hindus except Navy Marakkars.

But certain records like the throne peacefully transits to to the King’s sister’s son---that Calicut coins were 60% ,gold and balance silver ---that Calicut silk master weavers were very good in colourful dyeing – that Calicut people eat no wheat --- that Zamorin’s had a customs department to collect duty -- that Calicut swords were of excellent quality steel-- that Kerala women wore gold bangles, neck chains and toe rings-- that in 1407 Admiral Zheng erected a ceremonial stone tablet in Cheenakotta  –that Calicut king and Cochin king did NOT see eye to eye-- that Kerala people were a martial race --that Bodhi Dharma who taught Chinese Kungfu was a Kalari warrior saint from Calicut.etc-- was correct.





Zheng noted that unlike in other cultures where son kills father, father kills son, brothers gouge each others eyes -- the succession process in Calicut was a very honourable one.
This ceremonial stone also was destroyed along with the dargah at Cheenakotta in Calicut by the British. Wonder what is the need to do all this disservice , to such a famous man. Was it because he was a Mongol Muslim?  

By the way Zheng He is just a ceremonial name given to Ma He by the Ming emperor in 1403. Calicut people called him Hajiar Shamsuddin. His great grandfather was called Hajiar Bayen.

There used to be a Jew quarters ( Joota angadi ) and Chinese quarters ( Cheenakotta ) at Calicut. They have all been destroyed and build over by new buildings, with the sub-division and fragmentation Hindu policy of ancestral lands. Zheng He dies in Calicut. 

On his last voyage he sort of gave unofficial “French leave “ to some of his Chinese Buddhist men, who went to Mecca in a couple of ships , led by Calicut king's ship-- and came back as Muslims. The ship landed at Aden and his crew went by Caravan-and it too too long for them to come back.


By this time Zheng was a bit power drunk and was not a hand-kisser of the Chinese King. This religious trip to Mecca report was NOT taken well in China by the Confucious sect intellectuals , who were aghast that Zheng tried to mix King’s trade, and religion.


Above --Calicut king's shipyard at Beypore , Calicut
Zheng was NOT alive to defend himself and lot of false stories were circulated by jealous Confucious followers.


During this time in Calicut , where he stayed at Zamorins guest , he dies a natural death and his body was buried with Muslim honours at Calicut. Haji Shamsuddin’s ( Zheng He’s Muslim name ) dargah existed for 200 years, till the British razed it.  

Mysore Muslim invaded king Hyder Ali blew up the Zamorin’s palace, after stealing all the gold from underground vaults . Or the artifacts of Zheng could have been seen by all even today.


The Greatest Admiral of this planet,  Zheng He was literally erased from history too. The next dynasty after the Ming Dynastry for some strange reason , erased Zheng He’s AMAZING achievements of being the BEST and most respected ambassador China has ever produced.


When he first came to Calicut on the FIRST voyage with a fleet of more than 300 ships holding more than 31000 Chinese men in 1406, the Calicut locals could NOT even see the horizon and naturally people were very worried.




It was a terribly ominous scene, with women crying out of fear.  




Such fear was unwarranted as the deadly Kerala Kalari sword fighters in long and swift snake boats ( holding 100 warriors each ) could have set the not so maneuverable and  slow junkss ( max speed 4 knots ) on fire. The huge plaited bamboo reed sails, presented a vulnerable target , with thin but heavy, rose wood FIRE arrows -- any time they wanted-- easy pickings. Yes 300 junks came in , none would go back.





King Zamorin knew that a large fleet was coming as his envoy Narayanan Nair  had presented the Chinese king with a most exquisite gold braided cloth, encrusted in diamonds and pearls for his Royal regalia, along with huge ivory tusks , and asked him to increase the trade –and had got a positive reply by carrier pigeon.


But Admiral Zheng’s personal ship was 600 feet long and this majestic warrior measured seven Chinese feet which is about 6 feet 7 inches of British feet. Three generations of Zheng He’s ancestral fathers honourable dealing with Zamorin was NOT lost on him,  and he gave full respect to the people of Calicut.


Zheng He’s grandfather was a Haji and he went to Mecca the first time in Calicut Kings’s sleek and strong as steel  teak wood cum rosewood ship and NOT in the slow lumbering and ponderous Chinese junk, which can be attacked by pirated if stand alone.


This is the reason why Chinese junks sailed as a fleet. It was NOT to show superiority in numbers. It was necessary for survival. Due to the slow pace of the huge junks having huge cargo holds, smaller ships had to accompany them to ward off pirates. Extra ships means extra food and water ships.


Along with traders were usual sailors, soldiers, artists, doctors, teachers, explorers, historians, translators etc. Smaller patrol boats with 10 oars, doubling up as tugs, for clumsy Junks to enter river mouths  were also in this fleet. And imagine the water ships 130 feet long  held fresh water in tanks for 31000 people for two months.


The pepper sent from Calicut to China was in the regions of thousand of tonnes, and this huge dried up and powdered stock lasted for hundreds of years after China closed the bamboo doors to the world, after Zheng's death.


Even from Calicut record stating that his huge fleet sailed as one unit is NOT true. He split his fleet to conclude all operations on return passage in the Arabian sea by the end of May , prior to the start of the SW monsoon.


Calicut was just a trade hub, for Zheng bartered in 34 countries en route including Persian Gulf, Red sea and East Africa. One of his faster junks was accompanied by the Calicut King's ship till Cape Verde—which is where major part of Tripunka or Atlantis sank after being hit by Pashupatastra or the Scalar interferometer missile of Lord Shiva., as per lore.


The Chinese fishing nets in Cochin were introduced by Zheng’s great grandfather. 


Zheng He’s grave in China is empty. However it contains a lock of his hair and his sword with Islamic inscriptions “Allahuakhbar “. 


It was in Zheng He’s time and as per his suggestion that the Chinese Capital was shifted to present day Beijing from Nanjing in 1421.


With Admiral Zheng’s death at Calicut in 1433, the world lost its greatest Admiral and a Genius and a great and imposing leader of men. His memorial grave in China has 7 steps--signifying 7 great voyages.


His stature on this planet can hardly be surpassed--yet how many people know about him?.

Today you may wonder why there are NO Chinese and Jews in Calicut today. What happened to Cheena kotta ( Chinese fort ) and Joota angadi ( Jew Bazaar ) ?. There was a huge Jew settlement at Mattanchery Cochin till the seventies , after which they left for Israel, the land of milk and honey-- the promised land. I have seen some of these Jews in Israel, they are such an unhappy and wretched lot--too late to come back.

Below: Chinese scholars digging into Calicut Library for ancient Zheng He palm leaf inscription records.

 

Chinese slowly left India and went back to China over the years--when the Chinese junk arrivals after Zheng, slowed down to a trickle. And they did NOT like the Portuguese at all.  Jews and Calicut Mappila ( half Muslim Arabs --two wives there/ two wives here ) could NOT see eye to eye after the mutual distrust in Jerusalem started. The descendants of these half arab Mappilas in Calicut, runs into hundreds of thousands today.
*******************************************************************************
CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL DOES NOT DRINK STARBUCKS COFFEE


EXPOSING STARBUCK'S SOUL-- HISTORY OF COFFEE

A couple of years back I was doing my auditor's course at the Singapore Hilton. 



In the classroom itself there was a swank digital microchipped coffee machine, which gave you a choice of several types of FREE coffee, at the press of a button. 



I noticed one Irish Girl would come to the class with a huge paper cup of STARBUCKS coffee. This means she has to walk along the busy street for a long time holding this cup in hand. So I asked her if she was using this cup as a personality prop, like how some guys stick huge Cuban cigars in their mouths or roam around with Evian water bottles -- and look terribly important. 



She asked me why I hate STARBUCKS. 

I told her, " THIS COFFEE BRAND DOES NOT HAVE A SOUL" . 

And told her what follows. She stopped drinking 5 Singapore dollar, Starbucks coffee that day onwards.



This brand is owned by a German Zionist Jew Howard Shultz.  Starbucks is NOT a franchisee chain, rather it is totally owned--and the company has Fagin or Shylock type ethics.



Now watch these 2 videos.





I own some land at Meenangadi on Western Ghat mountains. This land is full of Indian coffee trees. Indian coffee beans are far more exotic than Ethiopian coffee.  Starbucks wont even know what rich aromatic flavor coffee means. When I retire I plan to stay in the two cottages there, as the temperatures will be 6 degrees cooler than Calicut. I don’t sell any coffee.



India produces 330,000 metric tons of coffee beans annually. Out of this, Western ghat area produces 2/3 of the coffee. 

In India you get a delightful cup of coffee, costing 1/20 of the bullshit Starbucks coffee. There is more to coffee than Starbucks. 

The ripened fruit does not have any aroma at all. The aroma comes from the processing when it absorbs moisture from the air, and sun drying of the fruit.



Coffee plantations are found on lower slopes of the Western Ghat mountain and not on hill tops. Two types of Coffee trees are now grown in India. Arabica coffee plants which are smaller and have smaller leaves, and Robusta coffee trees which are taller and stronger.


In 1998, Howard Shultz was awarded the " Israel 50th anniversary tribute award", by the Jerusalem fund of Aish ha Torah, for his financial contributions to the Zionist cause.  Israel foreign ministry has always sung his praises for his PR contributions favouring Israel .



Starbucks started off as a single store at Seattle. Today after 40 years it has 16200 retail outlets, and is on course to overtake McDonalds as the largest retail store on the planet. 

Is it possible to progress so fast in life by just selling another man's coffee in a honest and ethical manner ? 



Today you find this Jewish coffee shop in all the middle east kingdoms, or their assets might be frozen by the Rothschild bankers.



Though the Starbucks BRAND STATEMENT gives big talk about caring for the poor Ethiopian coffee farmer , and their commitment to social responsibility--it is all lip service nay --a WHITE LIE.



Starbucks generated billions of US dollars in annual profit. But they make sure the poor Ethiopian farmer gets a pittance for the coffee beans, by unfair trade laws. 



And though they say they use only the best Ethiopian beans , they adulterate it with lesser and cheaper coffee, raking in 8 billion USD in profits, as posted by disgruntled ex-employees on the Internet.



55% of Ethiopia's income is from coffee, employing 25% of the population. USA does NOT grow coffee, yet it has a ruthless coffee organisation NCA.  It is their job to make sure that poor countries cannot trade mark their own coffee, all to generate mind boggling and unbridled profits. 



And a lot of this profit goes to maintain Israel's war machine in Gaza killing small children. 



In 2005 the Ethiopian govet filed applications to trade mark three of its most famous coffee beans Sidamo, Harar and Yirgacheffe, but this was blocked by the Jewish US NCA.



Can you imagine India trade marking Ethiopian coffee? Will our culture allow this? 

HISTORY  OF COFFEE : By the way, Robusta coffee was found on the Western Ghats of Kerala, India as early as 4000 BC.  This drink was used as a stimulant in Ayurveda, to cure migraines, by constricting blood vessels in the brain. The Ayurdedic physicians used their olfactory senses, while preparing medicines- and coffee beans was used to reset the sense of smell.  It was in great demand by the Egyptian Pharoah to prevent asthma attacks after a sand storm. . The sailors from Kerala introduced this Robusta coffee plant , with very high caffeine 3% content along the caravan route from Socotra, Aden, Mecca.  Mohammed the Prophet did NOT allow coconut and cashew arrack brew but he allowed coffee as a stimulant during desert campfire singing sessions .  The Dutch East India Company  started growing this plant ( for business in Europe ) to other parts of the world like Vietnam and Indonesia. 

Ethiopia is one of the desperately poorest countries in the whole world. 


All the poor farmers can do is to wring their hands in despair. Their Ministers have Swiss bank accounts , all afforded by German Jewish bankers.



Believe me, I have tried this coffee over the years in dozens of countries. Same bullshit taste and acrid stench. Same over roasted and bitter crap.. If you look around you you will find first timers putting plenty of sugar to make it drinkable.



And there are nut cases looking terribly important lapping up the stuff.  



Over-priced and awful . 

Half the cup will be foam --yes-- you are paying for 50% foam.

I've seen a guy tell the waitress, that he does NOT want foam in his coffee-- so she just skims off the foam in front of him, and gives the cup back to him.  When he pointed out that the cup is only 50% full, she just laughed sarcastically and went about here tasks. This is how Starbucks became rich-- by making an ass out of the customer.



Half caf, lattes, whole milk foams, bone dry half pump mochas, half sugar in the raw, triple cappy frothy, double tall grandi venti, frappuchino, one up above cappuchino - maybe, iced mocha  --all bullshit names designed to make you feel terribly important and intellectual. Every body knows the level of intellectual conversation in Starbucks



Most of the customers don't even know how to pronounce these over priced names properly. 



The monstrous sterile corporation who killed the warm and local "POP AND MOM COFFEE CAFE " gets away with anything. 



In the picture above-- did the baby throw a stone, at the Israeli soldiers?

These multi-national operator wielding enormous political clout, by also provide free loans to the farmers to put them in a debt trap vice.



The common American hardly cares , being addicted to his daily dose of caffeine. 

He does NOT care what the movie BLACK GOLD ( made by English brothers Nick and Mark Francis ) tries to tell him. 



He does NOT care for the impoverished black man in Africa, who is begging for a fair price, for the fruits of his hard labour. 






But he is willing to succumb to the charm offensive of Starbucks and as far as he is concerned he is drinking the " Coffee which cares for the Yank".



Nesle is also a Jewish company.



Let me say this  -- 



ALL THOSE WHO HAVE SOLD THEIR SOULS, CAN CONTINUE LINING THE GOLDEN NESTS OF THESE HEARTLESS SHYLOCKS AND FAGINS OF THIS MODERN ERA!





PALESTINIANS MUST NOW BE GIVEN BACK THEIR RIGHTS SNATCHED AWAY BY THE ZIONISTS ! 
*******************************************************************************
TEARS OF PALESTINE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
AGONY OF THE DISPLACED PALESTINIAN-- ETHNIC CLEANSING OF PALESTINIAN MUSLIMS --   CRIMINALS WORSE THAN NAZIS-- GHETTOS OF APARTHEID ISRAEL




 




WHAT YOU READ BELOW, WILL NOT BE PRINTED IN ANY MAGAZINE OR NEWSPAPER OR TOLD ON ANY TV , RADIO OR OTHER MEDIA --  AS ALL ARE CONTROLLED BY ZIONISTS. 



Two hours back, the Indian Prime Minister spoke in the UN and demanded statehood for Palestine--and there was plenty applause. 


All lip service, all hollow applause. 



All pretend to sleep and expect others to wake them up. 



Who cares for the tears of Palestine? Prime Minister Manmohan Singh does NOT even know that UN was created by Rothschild to defend Israel.

THE BEST KEPT SECRET IS THAT NOT A SINGLE ISRAELI LEADER IS ORIGINALLY FROM PALESTINE--THEY ARE MOSTLY FROM THE GEORGIA AREA ( NORTH OF TURKEY ) 



Even the middle east kingdoms don't care. USA is worried about dictator ship of Iraq and Libya, but they don't care about the dictatorship in the middle east, for these dictator kings are their type of dictators, who will given them cheap oil, and salt away the money in their banks.



Six hours back I saw a TV programme in National Geographic about Palestine, Gaza and the West Bank--TOTAL DISINFORMATION -- this channel is a stooge of Zionists Rothschild.  



This channel was screaming from the roof tops that martyrdom of small children has become big propaganda stuff. And then as soon as a child dies the mother will get a photograph of the child holding an AK47 , and post it on the wall -BLAH BLAH. 



You need to be a Zionist Jew to swallow this CRAP.



Rothschild stooge Churchill engineered the First World war using the sinking of passenger ship Lusitania as an excuse to draw America in. This ship was sunk by Churchill himself, everybody knows this. 


This started the FIRST world war, and the necessity of the Barflour Declaration in 1916 for the creation of Israel. The British Christians did not even know about this Barflour declaration.



Punch into google search CHURCHILL HENCHMAN OR HERO-VADAKAYIL.



Rothschild stooge Churchill engineered the SECOND world war too, using Pearl Harbour as an excuse to draw America in the war again. 



After the second world war, Israel came into proper existence. 




All this talk about 6 million Jews getting exterminated is all bull. The actual count is 1/6 of this.
 



Zionism was the ideology for the creation of Israel. Zionists are the equivalent of Taliban. 




Muslims are NOT Taliban. Same way Jews are NOT Zionists. 



Over time Zionism degenerated and did massive propaganda about the concept of the PROMISED LAND for the Jews. 



There sole aim was to drive the Palestinians away from the land they owned for thousands of years. A land which is holy for them.  None of the Jews in Israel are from Palestine. They are Khazars from the Georgia area.  It is all a big lie, the Rothschilds cooked up.

 





Zionists Rothschilds owns 80% of Israel.


Since Palestine was "liberated" by the British from the Ottomans, they have known no peace, security or happiness.  



With the blessings of the Jewish moneybags in USA, the Palestinians became stateless in their own land vide UN resolution 181.



 This UN resolution gave 55% land to the Israeli Jews , leaving only  45% land with the Palestinians.



This 45% included the narrow coastal strip of Gaza, half of sea of Galilee, the Judean and Samarian upland and a bit of Negev desert.  




Along with their land , their rights too were snatched away. 



Zionist Rothschilds now engineered a war, to grab more land on May 15th 1948 ( exactly like the Iraqi wars ) . This is called the " BACK SWING OF JOHN GALT". 



Israel with full help of the Rothschild West fought with Egypt, Jordan, Syria and Iraq, and snatched away 50% of the land given to Palestine, in 6 months flat..


This snatched away illegally area includes the full of sea of Galilee, the coastal area, NW Jerusalem, LEAVING ONLY WEST BANK AND GAZA STRIP with the original people who have been staying here for millenniums . 



800000 Palestinians had to run for their lives, from the snatched away land --with the full world and UN as mute spectators. 



Who cares for Muslims? They are NOT Christians or Jews , right?. 



250000 settled in West Bank. 240000 settled in Gaza strip, and the rest 310000 ran way as refugees to nearby countries, mainly Lebanon, Jordan and Syria.



Again a war was engineered by Rothschild supported by USA and in this 6 day war of 1967, Israel occupied West bank and Gaza strip, further driving away majority of the Palestinians to nearby Arab countries.. 


UN did nothing, as this was with US support. 4 million Palestinians are now scattered all round the world. 


Of this 1 million live in refugee camps of Gaza and West bank, and along the borders of Lebanon Jordan and Syria. Others live outside the cams without any citizenship.



Most middle aged men are born in Palestinian refugee camps in abject squalor and primitive conditions, without employment. 



The middle east kingdom and Islamic country rulers are more concerned about their personal ILLGOTTEN money , salted and stashed away in USA and Swiss Jewish banks , -- which stand to be frozen by Rothschild bankers , if they open their mouths too wide or stick their necks out too much.



These refugees only desire is to return back to their homeland. Israel now exercised supervisory authority over 97% of West bank  and 41% of Gaza strip, both of which fall under autonomous Palestinian authority. 



Palestinians living in West bank and most of Gaza strip cannot move freely.



Since the Oslo accords of 1993, Israel has been encouraging settlement of Jews in occupied territories , and so 50% of land has hard core and rabidly Jewish settlers, who are supported by Israeli army fire power. --all with the blessings of USA and the Zionists. Settlers build their houses only on fertile lands.



Even BBC now refers to massacre of Palestinians as identification and elimination ( like how Bush identified WMD in Iraq in his dreams ) . 



Every Western media does biased reporting as the people are Muslims. Palestinians are referred to as terrorists. 







As per biased Western media, Palestinans ALWAYS die in cross fire. 




See the sharpshooter's guns were never aimed at them deliberately, they just came in between , despite telling them a million times, not to do so!



And some Palestinian mothers even threw their children into cross fire as sacrifice,  just to make the poor innocent Israelis look bad.



USA makes sure that Israelis are always innocent, and that they are being besieged by Palestinians--they NEVER EVER talk about occupied Palestinian land. Palestinians are always responsible for each and every act of violence. 



Israel is referred to as a country of stability ( sic!) in the middle east. Any reporting done by the western media is always the Israeli version.



Israelis lead normal luxurious lives, like in Paris --all their buildings. hotels , swimming pools , Riveras and boulevards are built on Palestinian land. . Their children go to school. 



On the other side the children dont have any school to go to, or clean water to drink, and always prone to Israeli attacks. 



Jewish settlers have plenty of money, and live within the security of electric fences, while Palestinians have nothing --for they are Muslims, right? 



Every Western peace initiative is phony.



At the time of harvest Israeli soldiers prevent Palestinians from reaching their lands.



They can arrest any Palestinian without a warrant, and deliberately postpone court hearings. 



Old Palestinians detained for trumped up charges are kept in desert prisons, in extreme heat and extreme cold, where they are tortured to extract confessions. 



No fishing is allowed on the Gaza strip. All Palestinian produce have to go through Jewish middle-men, the art they have perfected over the millenniums.



Only Jews can export. 



Thousands of centuries old  Palestinian olive trees have been hacked off using chain saws. 







Palestinians are free to work in Fagin and Shylock type Jewish sweatshops , at a pittance. 



If any Palestinian house is empty it would be destroyed by the Israeli soldiers, with proper huge bulldozers, all state sponsored. 


They play around with Palestinian settlement papers when it expires , so they they lose their social security and will now be in exile.



They suck out the ground water,the whole idea is to make the people despair. If a Jew wants to shoot an Palestinian, he will NOT be stopped by the Israeli soldiers. 



When Palestinians are arrested for no reason without a warrant, they are NOT entitled to attorneys, or visits by their families. Every Jewish child is brainwashed that a Palestinian Muslim is his enemy.



Palestinians cannot even build a memorial or a tombstone over their dead loved ones.



To the West and its biased Zionist run media , I have to say this --



Atta boys !  Jolly good show !!



Gangsters with guns have invaded your home and evicted your family. They manipulate the police , law and media. They kill your small 6 year old son for throwing a stone in frustration on seeing that the gangsters have let loose a dog on his mother, when she tried to protest. They put your aged father in prison , on trumped up charges for speaking out against the killing of his grandson. 



The gangsters make sure you lose all your documents and now you don’t have a job or a bank account or property. The police courts and government machinery have been bribed . They will pretend to sleep and expect you to wake them up.  



You are branded a terrorist for trying to bury your son and put a tombstone on it.  You are victimized every time you try to say that your forefathers have lived in your home for millenniums.  

 

 



You are the aggressor and the gangsters have only retaliated right?


Is this clear thinking,  by any stretch of the imagination?
*******************************************************************************
AK-47 , THE RIFLE WHICH STOOD THE TEST OF TIME-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




AK-47   THE AMAZING RUSSIAN ASSAULT  RIFLE




A stands for automatic. ( avtomat )

K stands for Kalashnikov . ( Kalashnikova )

47 stands for the year off build.


In 2004 Vladmir Putin sent George W Bush some Russian Vodka in a bottle shaped like a AK-47, just to remind him of its popularity in USA.. what with its reliable firing rate of 700 round per minute. It was also to remind that that AK-47 is an invention of Russia and not Hollywood.  

An AK-47 requires NIL training. Just load , shoot and kill. There is a selector switch for single shot of full automatic fire. It has passed every torture test of getting buried in ice or sand or dirty salt water, thrown down cliffs and very time the gun fired. It created large exit wounds and can pass through a car door at 100 metres easily.

In the Hollywood movie First Blood II, Rambo takes on the entire Viet Cong with a old and battered AK-47.  His American colleague with a M16 asks him “ A beat to shit AK?. Every 12 year old in Nam got that!”  Rambo looks mighty pleased and gives his trademark  laborious side way drawl “ Exactly!”


American Marines in Viet Nam were given M16 guns which jammed even in light rain. And they had to face the awesome firepower of the Viet Cong 40 kg warriors whose guns never jammed even if it was covered in heavy mud. So after killing them  the Americans used to steal their AK-47 rifles and bullets.

When your life is on the line you need a reliable weapon, NOT a fancy one on paper. Their bullshit Colt Armalite M16 guns had to be cleaned every 30 rounds, if it had to be reliable. The GIs’ were NOT even issued with rifle cleaning kits. The US military came up with a white washing statement later that the soldiers were given the wrong cartridges—so many lives lost, by the big bull of M16 being maintenance free!

If you hold a AK47 and shake it, it rattles . But such a shake given to a M16, does NOT rattle—for the simple reason enough clearances for temperature variations and grit in the system was ignored. So though the AK47 was less accurate in distances greater than 300 metres, they were much more reliable, as the gun never jammed in the thick of battle, at the most inopportune and critical moment.

Most firefights happen within 300 metres range. The maker Kalashnikov was so cock sure that his gun wont jam, that he never bothered to fit them with bayonets..


Just about 4 months after the World trade centre came down in New York, my ship loaded a full shipload of Siberian USED railway tracks at St Petersberg Russia.  Siberian railway tracks have the best steel on this planet.  I made sure I examined what went into my ships holds. There was NOT a single USED railway track—all were BRAND NEW. It is easy to find a used track, as the bolts and nuts will leave circular marks. Some gigantic Russian mafia export to US government , to be melted in the furnace for military needs.

One of the reasons Russian AK-47 assault rifle and its later models has stood the test of time , is due to superior metallurgy. Many countries make their own AK-47 guns without licence. Their guns cannot fire 700 rounds a minute and will jam as the metal expands. While the Russian AK-47 will work from minus 40 deg C of Siberia to plus 60 deg centigrade of Kuwait desert.


On my last ship I had my Filipino Bosun, who was kidnapped by the Nigerian rebels at Lagos , along with the 2nd Mate and the Russian Chief Engineer. He tells me that he used to cry every day, for the couple of months he was with them in the jungles. Then he said that the Russian Chief Engineer was very happy. It seems the rebels used to give him hundreds of AK-47 rifles to overhaul, and in return they used to feed him well with fresh lamb and as many girls as he wanted at night.

One of my ex- Russian Chief Engineers had told me that at school they were trained to dismantle and assemble AK-47 rifles with eyes blindfolded. It was part of the school curriculum in the cold war era. I remember him telling they there are only 8 parts, and even a retard can do it, it was no big deal.


The AK-47 is a GAS BLOW BACK operated weapon. When the gun if fired and the round detonated the  gas of the explosion behind the bullet goes up the barrel, and enters a small port at the top of the barrel near the muzzle, from where it directed to push the working piston mechanism back at the breech. This ejects the spent cartridge and loads a new cartridge, from the magazine to repeat the cycle. The gun reloads by itself.  simultaneously the hammer is cocked , and it does it 11 times a second under the automatic fire mode..

Lt Gen Mikael Timofeyevich Klashnikov started his career as a gun designer after getting shot on his shoulder with a nazi shell shrapnel during the Battle of Bryansk in Oct 1941 as a tank commander.


While in the hospital for 6 long months, he heard soldiers complaining about their guns—which they could NOT officially. This man  receives only a state pension today, and has received many awards including the Hero of the Russian federation .  


He is proud of his brass bust in his native village of Kuria , in the Siberian region of Altai. The AK-47 is still being manufactured in the first factory it was made at Urals.


If he was an American Jew he would be the richest man in the world. 

He says modestly today “ I am ready to shake hands with anybody who makes a better rifle than AK-47 . All the latest model reverse engineered fake models like the Chinese cannot fire 700 rounds per minute at a muzzle velocity of more than 730 metres per second  without jamming.


 There are more than 110 million happy owners of this superbly designed assault rifle. It has been in  every war since 1949—and will be around for some more decades. Where there is a war, there will be an AK-47.  The AK-47 is here to stay, because of its durability, low cost production, ease of use  and its reliability.


More AK-47 rifles have been produced than all other rifles combined.


The later models of AK-47 ( AK-74 and AKMS ) have silencers , anti flash devices, night vision telescopic sights, folding stocks and short barrels—for covert operations at night by paratroopers . You get 100 rounds drum magazines too. The later models an go 1000 metres and punch holes on thick steel armour.


The shifted pulse gas operated AN-94 can fire 1800 rounds per minute—with single shot, 2 round burst or fully automatic modes.  Double shots ensure a kill. The “shifted pulse” is a high tech system that delays the recoil by microseconds so that the shot is more accurate. The “cylic rate reducer” is used to slow down fire in fully automatic mode.
The below flag belongs to Mozambique.--it shows an AK-47


In Somali , in the year 2011-- you can barter an AK-47 for a sack of grain or a cow.
An AK-47 is as famous around the world as Coca Cola.
*******************************************************************************
LITTLE JOHNNY - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Everybody at sea enjoys a Little Johnny joke.

He is a small boy , familiar with the birds and the bees. 

Personally I became familiar with the birds and the bees only at the ripe old age of 11. 

While today in Mumbai when two dogs are in sexual union in some residents colony, you can see 5 year old boys and girls crowding around the dogs -- making the " good going JIGI JIGI " universal signs with their hands.

But at the age of 5 , while doing my first standard, I remember the class teacher was a attractive Anglo Indian girl of may be 18 years age.

We would be making sand castles in a huge sand pit, with Irish nuns and huge Turkeys flitting around us-- I suppose the white nuns ate them turkeys on Thanksgiving day.

So this teacher --let me call her Rose ( for convenience sake ) used to supervise our sand castle construction.

And then I remember my team mate Bobby ( real name this ) used to break up our castle and start making another one in another spot. 

Pretty soon I caught on. 

His new spot would always be where the attractive teacher, leaned over . 

She always wore a frock whose hemline was 3 inches above her knees. So you get a MOST generous view of her nice buns.



Even today after 5 decades this terrific stolen sight is etched in my memory.

And for long I used to think, that she was unaware-- till much later in life , when I became wiser , I said to myself.

" Hold on, Ajit-- if she was indeed unaware , why the hell would she get goose pimples on her buns on either side of her micro briefs . It would come and go , and to be frank this goose pimple thing was indeed a sight for the sore eyes ?"

I knew nothing about sexuality, but still that warm flooded feeling was indeed a good one.

I lost touch with Bobby , as he left school the next year.

Much later in life I went to Mananchira maidan Calicut, to watch some inter-college sports . 

I was now at sea, and there I saw a familiar face-- but could not place him.

Then this boy, a hulk by now, got first prize in Hammer throw and they announced his name "Bobby".

So I went to him and said " I know you, do your know me" ?

While he was racking his brains , to ping me -- I gave him a hint " We both used to make sand castles under our teacher Rose's back side , whenever and wherever she bent over -- 16 years ago."

Nostalgia and memories flooded and he hugged me.  "Oh those were the days, Ajit !"

Now --let me give you some nice  Little Johnny jokes. 

ENJOY!




Little Johnny came home from school one day and said to his father, "Dad, what can you tell me about politics? I have to learn about it for school tomorrow."

The father thought some and said, "Okay, son, the best way I can describe politics is to use an analogy.
Let's say that I'm capitalism because I'm the breadwinner. Your mother will be government because she controls everything, our maid will be the working class because she works for us, you will be the people because you answer to us, and your baby brother will be the future. Does that help any?"

Little Johnny said, "Well, Dad, I don't know, but I'll think about what you said."

Later that night, after everyone had gone to bed, Johnny was woken up by his little brother's crying.
Upon further investigation, he found a dirty diaper leaking crap on the cradle.
So, he went down the hall to his parent's bedroom and found his father's side of the bed empty and his mother wouldn't wake up.
Then he saw a light on in the guest room down the hall, and when he reached the door, he saw through the crack that his father was busy in bed with the maid. 

Because he couldn't do anything else, he turned and went back to bed.

The next morning, he said to his father at the breakfast table, "Dad, I think I understand politics much better now."

"Excellent, my boy," he answered, "What have you learned?"

Little Johnny thought for a minute and said, "I learned that capitalism is
screwing the working class, while the government is
sound asleep ignoring the people, and the future's full
of shit."





For his birthday, Little Johnny asked for a 10-speed bicycle.
His father said, "Son, we'd give you one, but the mortgage on this house is $ 300,000 & your mother just lost her job. There's no way we can afford it."

The next day the father saw Little Johnny heading out the front door with stick on his shoulder with all his toys and belongings hanging in a bundle at one end-- all ready to run away.
So he asked, "Son, where are you going?"

Little Johnny told him, "I was walking past your room last night and heard you telling Mom you were pulling out. Then I heard her tell you to wait because she  was coming too. 

And I'll be damned if I'm staying here by 

myself with a $ 300,000 mortgage and no bike."



Little Johnny’s Arithmetic

One day in class, the math teacher Mrs. Brown noticed that Little Johnny was not paying attention to what she was saying. So she called Little Johnny to recite in class.

"Little Johnny, answer this question," she said. "If you have 500 dollars and you gave 100 dollars to Susie and gave 100 dollars to Jeannie and gave 100 dollars to Mary Ann, what do you have ?"

"An orgy," answered Little Johnny.


Little Johnnie's neighbour had a baby. Unfortunately, the baby was born without ears.

When mother and new arrival came home from the hospital, Johnnie's family was invited over to see the baby.

Before they left their house, Little Johnnie's dad had a talk with him and explained that the baby had no ears. His dad also told him that if he so much mentioned anything about the baby's missing ears or even said the word ears, he would get the smacking of his life when they came back home.

Little Johnnie told his dad he understood completely.

When Johnnie looked in the crib he said, 'What a beautiful baby.'

The mother said, 'Why, thank you, Johnnie.

Johnnie said, 'He has beautiful little feet and beautiful little hands, a cute little nose and really beautiful eyes. Can he see alright?'

'Yes', the mother replied, 'we are so thankful; the Doctor said he will have 20/20 vision.'

'That's great', said Little Johnnie, 'coz he'd be in deep shit if he needed glasses





The school teacher asked her students how to properly use the word ‘fascinate’ in a sentence. Molly was the first to raise her hand and said, “My family went to my granddad’s farm, and we all saw his pet sheep. It was fascinating.”

The teacher said, “That was good, but I wanted you to use the word ‘fascinate, not fascinating’.”

Sally raised her hand. She said, “My family went to see Rock City and I was fascinated.”

The teacher said, “Well, that was good Sally, but I wanted you to use the word ‘fascinate.’”

Little Johnny raised his hand. The teacher hesitated because she had been burned by Little Johnny before. She finally decided there was no way he could damage the word ‘fascinate’, so she called on him.

Johnny said, “My aunt Gina has a blouse with ten buttons, but her tits are so huge ,  she can only fasten eight.”

Here is one for the road--

After the teacher narrated the story of Jesus Christ being born in the stable at Bethlehem, with the 3 wise kings following the eastern star --

She asked " Who were the three kings who brought peace and happiness....?” 

A thoughtful little Johnny responded: “Smo-King, Drin-King and Fu#-King”. 
*******************************************************************************
TEVEZ MANCINI FIGHT- ADVISE TO SOCCER MANAGERS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


AN OPEN LETTER TO MANCINI -- TEVEZ VERSUS MANCINI OPEN WAR -- LEADERSHIP LESSONS FOR SOCCER MANAGERS.



First of all--ADVISE to all retired professional soccer players-- SUPPORT TEVEZ!  Has any spectator ever come to a stadium to see a manager or a coach or a owner or press or FIFA officials. 

If you are a talented world beater ( say a musician ) will you allow a moneybag Shylock to stiffle your breath, by NOT allowing you to play or ply your trade -- just because you have a legal contract with him

CHECK OUT TEVEZ's SOCCER SKILL BELOW LINK !

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/video/sport/video-1082908/Biggest-like-ever-Watch-Carlos-Tevezs-wonder-kick-here.html

West Ham fans cheer every goal of Tevez even when he plays against them-- in another team. They know what he is worth.  And they are a grateful lot , unlike the Manchester clubs. 



This Tevez - Manchini incident exposes the urgent need for all soccer managers to develop leadership skills, so that the world of soccer is NOT disgraced again.

In Oct 2010 there was a bizarre incident , at half time , when Mancini went into the dressing room and started railing at the players.  Mancini was furious that his players were NOT playing well, while Tevez told him that City were playing in too defensive a formation with Newcastle. 

Then Mancini tells a stunned Captain Tevez to go and FUC# his own mother-- in front of the whole team!. 

The whole world knew about this including the Owner Sheikh- why was this man NOT disciplined? This usual crap about what goes in the dressing room stays inside is NOT for this bullshit situation--where a manager abuses a team captain.




Immediately all City players prevented Tevez , who was a cult hero of the club, from taking a swing at his manager. City was leading 2-1 at this stage. This type of uncouth behavior might be OK in Italy, but defnitely NOT in Argentina or in other cultures.  



On my ship I use the F word often even on walkie talkie or intercom, but I hold the RESPECT of my entire crew-- or I'd be lynched.



The beer loving masses , using soccer as Opium to forget their miserable daily Manchester grind for 90 minutes , will NOT be able to interpret what happened in a cerebral manner. Here is something for them. 



Time to move on from team managers to team mentors.


Few hours ago ex-captain and 2010 season top scorer Carlos Tevez and manager Roberto Mancini of soccer club Manchester City have damaged their relations irreversibly.



All the Englishmen with the melody of Maradona's "Hand of God" still playing in their heads , are crying hoarse for Tevez's expulsion and ban. These are the same guys who wanted black skinned Usain Bolt to be stripped off his 100 metres world record medal at Beijing Olympics, for celebrating too hard.



As for me I switched loyalties from Manchester United to Manchester City along with Carlos Tevez-- the player who gives his 100% on the field , is unselfish ( unlike Ronaldo ) and is full of heart and soul.



I will switch my loyalties back to Manchester United , if Tevez leaves City.  

After watching Tevez in the World Cup I had declared to my son who is a Manchester United nut.  If Alex Ferguson knows his soccer he will sign on Tevez.  For here is a striker who incises the opposition defence, rather than circumvent it. 



And then later on I got a call on the ship from my excited elder son , who broke the news " Tevez is now in ManU"



That year Manchester United won every single trophy on the planet. With Ronaldo , Rooney and Tevez upfront. They put every team defence to the sword-- and how!



But then Tevez had run-ins with Ferguson who is UNFIT to lead any other team other than a English club, where he can be lord and master of whatever he surveys.  He has no respect for culture.



Let him try to be manager of an Italian team or Spanish team in the leagues of those countries, and he will know what life is.  



Ferguson is a very poor leader of men, but he is still on the saddle due to the awe factor and his huge track record.. 

But this man cannot take criticism.  Is he god?



All soccer managers are trying to model themselves after huge calibre , but stiff upper lipped Ferguson.  But he is a VERY POOR role model , an immature man and a poor communicator. 



SIR Alex Ferguson is the one who kicked a boot on Beckham's head, nearly blinding him. Can he do this in Italy, -- he will castrated, and will be on a wheelchair for the rest of his life.  





Here is my advise to these small calibre dictator managers like Roberto Mancini-- whose leadership qualities are HORRIBLE, rather non-existant. .  "The fans back me NOT Tevez " , this pompous tuft tells all who care to listen.  Let me tell him, there is a world of soccer outside the smoggy confines of Manchester-- and the soccer world has long memories.



Try and keep a cat as a pet, who will NOT hero worship you, instead of a dog. For the cat, you are nothing but dust and ashes. For the dog, the world was created for you. It is futile to take everything personally with your pet cat-- because you cat ignored you  today, no breakfast tomorrow-- Mancini style.



Don't keep one leg in the past and one in the future to piss on the present.  Enjoy the differences. The foundation of a relationship is unconditional trust and transparency. 



Understand the other point of view. Shed your past excess emotional baggage. There is NO need to hang on to this just to strengthen your identity. 



Allow some more into your inner sanctum other than the regular bootlickers and hand kissers. Shed your penchant for yes-men instead of capable men. 



Keep your club agenda ahead of your personal agenda. Listen to your star players views without feeling threatened. 


You ego has become grit in the club's system breeding indifference and no meaningful communications. 

You ego makes it impossible for you to distinguish between a situation and the reaction to a situation.




An immature leader douses the spark -like what happened to Tevez. Leadership is NOT an ego game.



It is a poor leader who will kick the beehive to extract honey--the bees will willingly give it to you if you have the tact and wisdom . They will go to other hives steal the honey and give you that too..



Learn to use different leadership styles , to be effective with different players and for different situations. Have the technique to squeeze out good performance. 



Never allow your stars to stagnate. You five fingers cannot be treated the same. You cant solve your current problems with the same type of thinking which created it in the first place.



A leader must deal with reality and create stability within the team. It is NOT about command and control like Ferguson--who has an enviable track record and so everything goes.  Did not Van Nistleroy and David Beckham free from this man's negative vibes and highhandedness ?



Learn some emotional vocabulary , or hire an Italian to Spanish translator. 

Only words have the power to create peace or start wars.



A soothing word can immediately lower an emotion. Quality players do NOT like to be benched unreasonably.  Develop some listening skills before you cut a sorry figure like this in future. 

Next time you will have to pack up your own bags-- it wont be a star player doing the packing. 



Develop a style that balances your own maturity with the players maturity. 



All know that Tevez is a simpleton--he is not a scheming guy like Ronaldo. Learn to embrace ambiguity. 


DON'T GET THREATENED IF ALL YOUR PLAYERS DO NOT FIT INTO YOUR STEREOTYPE MOULD.


In effective leadership there is NO right and NO wrong. There are only effective solutions. So next time you get upset with another great player like Tevez, understand that your are reacting to your own dang rules for the situation. 

Are you cock sure that Tevez refused to play OR he said he has already warmed up for the game--in a stadium deafened with sound. Cant you see his lip movements on video? In the previous game Tevez was told to warm up by Mancini and then humiliated by not calling him on on the field. Let me tell this --all champions have self respect, this is the inner essense of every hero. 

And how does Mancini react?  Without clarifying the matter at a crucial stage of the match, he screams at Tevez " Fu#k off back to Argentina !!" 

BRAVO!!

Any player in EPL or Champions league , or for the matter anywhere -- is entitled to say NO to such sustained personal abuse!



Use this incident to refocus--not to debate. Debates rarely go beyond focus on thesis and anti-thesis, entrenching all more deeply in their original positions and grooves. 

Try and be a mentor--this is why the owners have employed you by paying a fortune as a salary. 



You don't score any goals on the field  right?  



Try to develop some courtesy. Don't bench a star player--just to teach him a lesson, as to who is boss. A small courtesy would have struck deep into Tevez's appreciating heart. 



A good leader will know how to use negative emotions  as a call to fruitful action. A soft answer turns away wrath,


THE BEST TIME TO KILL A NEGATIVE EMOTION IS WHEN YOU FIRST FEEL IT. KILL THE TINY MONSTER BEFORE IT BECOMES TOO BIG.


STEP OUTSIDE YOUR COMFORT ZONE TO INITIATE A CONVERSATION AND SECURE A COMMITMENT. 


You have side stepped issues involving a star player , losing credibility. Have a culture to support your most valuable resources. There is more to the world of soccer than biased English opinion still jaundiced by the Falkland war and "hand of god". 



You have caused a workhorse like Tevez to slip down from 100% commitment to ZERO commitment. Whose fault is this?



You have been employed by your owners, to regularly check how your team is doing emotionally and psychologically--NOT just to induct a benched player at the time you deem fit, based on your whims. 



Learn to respect players. 



Tone down your aggressive body language , which does NOT match with your defensive risk free tactics on the field . And have proper communications.  A star player stating that "he does NOT need to warm up" ( after warming up , he was ignored in the previous game ) is not the same as "refusing to play". 



First you doused the spark of evergreen striker Adabeyor, now you seem to have made a habit of it. 



Learn the difference between positive constructive feedback and destructive verbal attack via the media.



Mancini, any idiot manager on the planet can buy the BEST players with money and win a trophy. No skills are required for this other than PR skills--which you obviously dont have, or you would NOT have frustrated Tevez this way. . 



Can anybody point out a more hardworking and dedicated player than Tevez, who even hustles the goalkeeper to make a mistake. Try this--it burns up energy.



IF YOU WANT TO MOVE MEN, YOU MUST TOUCH THEIR EMOTIONS.  AUTHORITY WITHOUT LOVE IS STIFLING.  

SO SAYS A LEADER OF MEN, FOR 3 DECADES.



Hullo Tevez, life is too short to waste a minute doing something you don't like. Manchester City is NOT the place for you. None have cared that you were the top scorer in 2010.  There is no fairness and dignity here. 



If Maradona and Ferguson , who understand soccer better than others, have selected you to play for their teams- you are good enough--you dont have to kiss Mancini's ass.



Confidence means , being prepared to walk away from a shit situation-- and from ungrateful people. 



And Tevez, without knowing you have introduced a CHANGE in soccer-- the fans dont want Ferguson type dictators,  or the heavy handedness and over bearing behavior of FIFA too. We watch  soccer to enjoy our stars in action.  Mancini, will never understand the meaning of TEAM DYNAMICS, which is what the fans come to the soccer stadium to watch. You have already apologised to the City fans, and expressed your desire to continue playing. There is NO need to apologise to Mancini and give him a "Italian ego massage". This man will self destruct pretty soon, for he needs to put soccer stars in their places. Let him continue wasting his energy on resentment. Whatever this man gives will all be conditional, for his bottomline is all about--  I  ME  I  ME --.And dont get upset by both ManU and City fans ( arch enemies otherwise ) getting together to publicly garbage your T shirts.  History will have the last laugh, NOT these "brownie point scorers " of Manchester, who lack class. 

Right now Mancini is riding high along with vindictive City fans - all brown nosing THE moneybag HRH the shiekh Mansoor. Mancini later in life , will find himself in the dustbin of soccer history. 

What a muff this Mancini is -- Tevez- Dzeko- Aguero --the dream line up on this planet up front in the UEFA league -- yet he wants to play defensive.  Manchester City fans will learn their bitter UEFA lesson soon enough.





Above video show Roberto Mancini's vulgar attack on David Moyes- manager of Everton--just because his team was losing 2-0.  English fans deserve this man.

Stefan Savic fed up of this man's bullshit training methods where players are treated with disrespect, kicked him on his calf--and NOT a single player came to help him. All were smirking.

Manchester City is called "FIGHT TEAM " , as Mancini's training sessions are petty and competitive. 

Fitness coach Raymond Verheijen and team pysiotherapist Jamie Murphy think that he is a king sized asshole. Did NOT Mancini give the same immature and vindictive Tevez treatment to Adebayor and Bellamy?







2001: Makes debut for Boca Juniors.

2003:  Helps Boca win two Argentinian titles, two Copa Libertadores titles and the World Club Championship .

2005:  Helps Corinthians to the Brazilian title and named the competition’s best player.

2007: Saves Westham from relegation earning the eternal love of all Hammer fans, scoring 7 livewire goals in last 10 matches, and for his golden goal beating Manchester United in the final match

2008: Wins the English  Premier League with Manchester United.

2008 – Wins Champions League final with Manchester United in Moscow beating Chelsea.

2009 - Wins his second Premier League title with Manchester United 


2009- Assists Manchester United to reach Champions league finals.

2010- - Lifts (Stoke 1-0)  the FA Cup as Captain and ends Manchester City’s 35-year droughtl without a trophy.

2010- Helps Manchester City to third place in EPL. He is the EPL tournaments highest scorer and also scored / assisted in more than 50% of City's goals.


Tevez has made 59 appearances for national Argentina team. 

Westham supporters still sing the song “there is only one Carlos Tevez”.  

He has a burn scar on his neck , Tevez has refused all free offers for cosmetic surgery , stating that the scar is a part of who he was in the past and who he is today. 

In Jan 2005 , his transfer fee to Corinthains of 15 million Euro, was the highest ever in South American football.

At the 2004 Olympic games, he won the gold medal and scored eight goals (including the winner in the final) in six matches to be the top scorer of the competition

Tévez is loved for his tango flare celebrations .He would hide a baby's dummy in his shorts and put it in his mouth after scoring a goal as a commemorative gesture to his baby daughter. Since his move to Manchester City, Tévez has often performed a dance where he puts his hands together, bends down and rocks his body; this dance has been named after him as the "Tévez Dance"

He performs as the frontman for his cumbia villera musical group, Piola Vago, with his brother Diego. The group's most successful hit, "Lose Your Control", was charted in Argentina..


FINALLY WHAT IS WRONG ABOUT TEVEZ SAYING THAT HE MISSES HIS FAMILY AND HE WANTS TO BE WITH THEM.   HIS WIFE AND KIDS FALL SICK IN MANCHESTER. 





(  On 6 February 2009, Tévez was stopped by Manchester police and charged with illegally tinted windows.  Yes-of course, only Zionist bankers are allowed that.  His car was then impounded by the police since he could not arrange for it to be removed himself ( sic!). 

Maradona was also subjected to this type harassment by traffic police--to score brownie points, over the "Hand of god"..)

Below :  Tevez winner of skill contest.


I AM A SAILOR , BEEN AWAY FROM MY FAMILY FOR 4 DECADES-- I KNOW WHAT THIS STATEMENT MEANS.

HE HAS TRIED ALL NORMAL CHANNELS AND FAILED, RIGHT? 

AND TO ADD TO HIS WOES , HE HAS THIS OBNOXIOUS ITALIAN AS A MILLSTONE ON HIS NECK--  TEACHING HIM WHO IS BOSS DAILY,  SCORING BROWNIE POINTS DAILY , IN A MOST PETTY MANNER,  AND PAINTING TEVEZ INTO A CORNER.

AND THE PETTY MANCHESTER FANS , CAN'T STOMACH WHAT TEVEZ SAID ABOUT THE LOUSY MANCHESTER WEATHER .   "ACID RAIN" TERM WAS COINED BY LAB TESTING  MANCHESTER RAIN WATER.


A leader (like Mancini) who lies in ambush and who wants PUBLIC ego massages and apologies -- is NOT a leader at all.  The previous game , he made Tevez warm up and did NOT call him to play.  And he was sure Tevez is too simple to figure out the booby trap.

And a UNGRATEFUL man is NOT a man at all . 

For me if a thief or scoundrel has gratitude , he is a man. For gratitude is man's No 1 quality.  How quickly the petty minded Manchester fans has forgotten Tevez's past services.

LET US SEE WHO GETS SACKED FIRST CARLOS TEVEZ OR MANCINI , WHO IS ON A 5 YEAR PLUM CONTRACT.
*******************************************************************************
THE SHREWD CLUB WITHIN THE NAIVE BILDERBERG CLUB-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


INNER ZIONIST NUCLEUS OF THE
SECRETIVE BILDERBERG CLUB



The Bilderberg club is an exclusive private club which is the richest and most powerful club on this planet.

SEE VIDEO BELOW WHERE ROTHSCHILD MADE A REPORTER SH#T IN HIS PANTS WITH A COLD STARE.


Every year about 140 members get together , for a conference in a posh Western country hotel. Attendance is strictly by invitation of the inner Zionist core steering group.  Rather, Rothschild the Jew decides who comes .


The fabric of this club and its agenda can be gauged by noting that blacks, coloured , yellow skinned, Latin Americas, Asians, Muslims (even if they are white ), whites from developing countries are NEVER called for this annual conference . 


So it is obvious that these categories will get the short end of the stick in whatever is decided. 

Wives are NOT allowed to maintain secrecy—as women are reputed to be bean spillers. Anglo American hegemony sustaining dirty plots cannot be spilled , right?

Meetings are held behind closed door, and no media coverage is allowed. The whole hotel is booked and private mercenary security men keep even the local police away. Minutes of this 3 day world policy meeting over cocktails in casual dress is never published.


Rothschild makes sure the wealthiest and most powerful elite of Europe , America and of course Israel is invited. The first meeting in 1954 was at Hotel De Bilderberg at Oosterbeek Holland —so this name of the “Bilderberg group” has stuck. 


This elite cabal of Rothschild Jews who owned the Opium running British East India company is centuries old, but the name Bilderberg is new.


In comparison the G8 summit is just a farce. It is the Bilderberg group who decides what G8 must discuss and do. What G8, IMF and Wold Bank plans to do this year, is decided by Bilderberg club the previous year.

The location of this meeting changes every year. At the meeting venue , a lake and a golf course is a must. While the naive go golfing and sleep off the effects of the previous night’s cocktails, a SPECIAL meeting of the inner ZIONIST core steering group takes place, to decide whom to manipulate and how. The whole hotel is bugged.





Even the golf course, which is a compulsory item, is bugged with super sensitive audio microphones, to monitor conversations .


The cocktails are manipulated to make sure who must sleep longer and sounder. These temporary fringe members do NOT even realize that every word they speak while in the hotel is secretly taped and video recorded.
Bill Clinton was an invitee , before the became the President the next year. And so was John Major and Tony Blair, before they became Prime ministers. As was Joe Biden before he became US vice President.


Obama is black and hence does NOT fit in, right?  The Prime Minister of UK has attended every single meeting since 1954.

No other meeting on this planet is attended by all major white and Jew institutions like World Bank, IMF, UN, EU etc.


So let me now list out a typical invitee list— US President if white skinned , white Kings and Princes, US senators , US secretary of state, US Presidential advisors, US secretary of defence, US governors, powerful politicians, US NSA, EU commissioners, NATO supreme commander and General Secretary, US Federal Reserve bosses, Owners of major Jewish Banks, Jewish bosses of Swiss banks, Richest white men and Jews of the planet , Jewish bosses of major oil companies, Nokia boss, Facebook boss, Google boss, Amazon dot com boss, IMF and World bank Jewish bosses and even some Jewish media bosses like of Washington Post, New York Times, The Economist, Wall Street Journal, National Post etc


So what all earth shaking things do they discuss—EU formation--- how to declare war on Serbia, Iraq and Libya --- prices of oil--- NATO as world’s army and police--- polluting industries to be exported to third world countries--- incestuous relations to be forged between politics, economics and media--- global finance to put  developing countries into a debt trap--- outsourcing--- white man’s unchallenged superiority--- containment of China , Russia and India--- future sanctions--- destabilizing of Libya, Syria, Iran and North Korea, how to keep Algerian gas intact for the white man, Nuclear containment to friends of the white man and Jew—globalization—.


While the naive are sleeping, after a hectic evening of golf and sleep inducing cocktails --the ZIONIST INNER CORE STEERING GROUP  discusses culture, weather and American idol ?– BALLS!


This COTERIE discusses the new world order suiting the Zionist Jew — killing Gaddafi's and his gold dinar-- World’s Jewish trade —Jewish drug money laundering —Jewish political hegemony – dethronings , coups, and assassinations planned for this year— keeping the Palestinians out of Gaza and West bank-- countries to be bankrupted and salvaged by Jewish banks this year—Jewish stock prices – manipulating the bulls and the bears to advantage – cyber terrorism—protectionism— currency devaluations-- gold price pegging-- short term interest rates fixing-- off shore banking regulation-- manipulating puppet heads of state-- whom all to invite to next years Bilderberg conference ( expendable electrons really ) .

Below: Jimmy Carter has an IQ of 156-- VERY SUPERIOR INTELLIGENCE 

 


BASICALLY HOW TO MANIPULATE THE FRINGE
ELITE MEMBERS, WHO HAVE BEEN SOFTENED
UP NICE AND PROPER  --  AND HOW TO GET A
IRON CLAD COMMITMENT OUT OF THEM.


SURPRISED?

Then be more surprised. 

It was Rothschilds decision to make Manmohan Singh the Prime Minister of India . 

It was decided at the Bilderberg club , in 1991 , that India should NOT be given IMF/ WB loans unless Manmohan ( an ex- soft employee of UN-WB )  is installed on the Finance Minister's chair.

His familiarisation was done as the Secretary General of the South Commission, an independent economic policy think tank headquartered in Rothschild banking cartel’s  home turf Geneva, Switzerland from 1987 to 1990


And then from this chair he would be catapulted to the PM's chair-from where it would be easy for Rothschild to get a toe hold, back into Indian money. 

This was achieved in 2004, when Sonia insisted that the PM chair is for unelected Manmohan Singh, against all previous Indian democratic traditions.


Rothschild stooge Manmohan Singh was made the Finance Minister of India or IMF would NOT give a loan to India.  Rothschild had done the same with SIR Chintaman Dwarakanath Deshmukh ( won Magsaysay award twice ) who was knighted in 1944 just because he had a Jew British wife. Rothschild would NOT give India a loan to procure wheat from USA unless our SIR was made Finance Minister of India.   


SIR Chintaman Dwarakanath Deshmukh attended the Breton Woods Conference to create IMF on invitation of Rothschild in July1944 . ) Rothschild liked him, and he was a member of the Board of Governors of both of IMF for the next ten years

Rothschild was the owner of the shipping company by the name of British East India Company, who  stole all the wealth of India and converted her from the richest in the world to the poorest in 2 centuries flat.

 



The king maker in England for Winston Churchill and for every American president from Wilson to Eisenhover ( Ike ) was Bernard Baruch, the billionaire Zionist Jewish Financier,who was Rothchild’s agent in USA and also a Rothschild bloodline clone
 

All countries are being forcibly dragged to have to accept a World Government by this INNER Jewish Bilderberg group.

Nathan Rothschilds money source was Tipu Sultan's gold. They murdered him while having breakfast in 1799 after he had stolen all the gold from Kerala temples ( the fruit of 5 milleniums of spice trade ) , with the connivance of local arab half breed muslims, and made a single heap of gold at Srirangapatnam. His Hessian army regiment in India were pure mercenaries, paid by Opium money--and they were loyal only to German Jew Rothschild ,NOT to the British queen..


“To poorer Jews throughout Europe, Nathan Rothschild’s extraordinary rise to riches had an almost mystical significance—hence the legend of the “Hebrew talisman,” the magical source of his good luck, which became associated with him in Jewish lore. This extraordinary story—a version of which was published by an anonymous author in London just four years after Nathan Rothschild’s death (1836)—imagined that the source of Nathan’s financial success was his possession of a magical talisman. His wealth was in fact intended for a higher purpose: “to avenge the wrongs of Israel” by securing “the re-establishment of Judah’s kingdom—then rebuilding of thy towers, Oh! Jerusalem!” and “the restoration of Judea to out ancient race.” (Ferguson, Niall—Official biographer of Rothschild . The House of Rothschild: Volume 1: Money’s Prophets: 1798-1848, Viking, (1999), pp. 21/22)
Everybody had been wondering why the current generation of Rothschild has stopped all their covert games. Oh no! They upstaged all their ancestors with the HOAX of the millennium. GLOBAL WARMING DUE TO GREEN HOUSE GASES . This would make poor countries rich in natural energy like coal and hydrocarbons buy biodiesel and alternate from Rothschild's companies in European countries who have NOTHING in their country— just unfertile , no mineral , no energy wasteland.



The Bilderberg club's next US president nominee for Republicans will be a Mormon--Mitt Romney.  

He is Rothschild's choice.




Walmart is the world’s third largest corporation, according to Fortune Global 500, considered the biggest private employer in the world with over two million employees working at 8,500 stores in 15 countries, under 55 different names earned a whopping $410 BILLION in 2011. 

They will "lobby" with Sonia Gandhi ,Man mohan Singh and Anand Sharma and brown nose their way into India.
*******************************************************************************
AMERICAN POLLUTION -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


The anti-pollution regulations in USA are getting stricter year by year.

We have the VGP not allowing ships to use laundry machines while at berth, not allowing boiler blow down in port, putting off Cathelco system in port, not allowing ER ODMCS to function less than 3 miles from US shores ( while MARPOL allows it at 15 ppm , even in special areas  ) etc etc.

This is in addition to SOx and NOx rules.

It is time for the Yanks to consider the following.

Pollutions of US waters hardly happens due to ships. 



How many registered and unregistered automobiles are there in USA in 2011. I am talking about cars, buses, trucks --the lot. It is in the region of 239 million units.



Now consider every automobile has engine lub oil in the engine sump. 60% of oil renewals are done privately by the automobile owner , in a do it yourself manner-- to save money. 


After changing the oil, what do you think happens to the used oil?  On an average 5 litres per automobile !.



It goes into mother earth, to leach into the soil. With time it runs into streams and rivers to go into the sea.



This PERSISTANT used lub crankcase oil is a mindboggling amount. Approximately 585 million litres of oil  OR  520,000 Tonnes of thick dark mineral oil.  Exxon Valdez spilled only 42,800 Tonnes oil-- and all are still talking about it.



UNLESS YOU ENSURE THAT ENGINE OIL CANNOT BE SOLD OVER THE COUNTER, THIS WILL CONTINUE TO HAPPEN.



Now let us talk about non-biodegradable plastics. Americans discard 2.6 million plastic bottles every hour. Add to this plastic bags, coffee plastic cups, shrink wrap, product packaging , mobile phones, computers chassis --the works.



Every 2 years Yanks change their mobiles and Computers--with new models.

Where does it go?



If it is incinerated it pollutes the skies and people will get asthma , rhinitis, TB and Cancer..



If it is buried in landfills as it happens in USA, again mother earth gets polluted -- slow release over a thousand years. The Fresh Kills landfill near New York can be seen from space-- the only man made thing other than the Great Wall of China which can be seen .



Every day a plastic landfull closes in USA. In 19 years , there ain't gonna be any more space.


You decision to bury all your plastics in landfills is more STUPID than your decision in the past to fluorinate your drinking tap water. Flourine –found in Prozac and nerve gas Sarin, which is a free radical scavenger. Yes it protected your teeth, but screwed up your tiny calcified pineal glands and made morons out of an entire nation.
The time to do something is NOW.  

See what happened to the entire British race. Their selfish Zionist supporting politicians tried to ignore the MAD COW disease. It was the Govt's decision to feed vegetarian cows with non-veg stuff, to make them fatter and produce more milk.  This inordinate delay, altered DNA programming, and made morons out of an entire race. The British were a smart race before.  How many British can contest in World Univerities and defeat other races in IQ, today ?



FOOD FOR THOUGHT-- GENTLEMEN!



Solution?-- On my ship I never give a problem to the shore office without an attached solution--lest the honourable shore Superintendents go into a tizzy.  No sales of engine oil to private individuals-- MUST do in a registered facility, with proper paperwork!  Make fibre out of plastics and use it constructively to recycle!!

Stop targetting poor sailors! All this slow steaming, keeping 12 miles of US California West coast , and hooking on to shore power in port etc -- ain't gonna do much good. 



Your MFN China sends up her industry smoke sky high, and it travels at terrific speed across the vast Pacific Ocean like a balloon in 3 days flat and rains down as acid rain on West coast-- 



--you cant do anything about it!  

Try twisting China's arm, and see what they do to your arms!!
*******************************************************************************
VEDIC VIMANAS, GYROSCOPIC MERCURY VORTEX FLYING SAUCERS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
IMPLODING AND EXPANDING VORTEX FLYING MACHINES -- NOISELESS VIMANAS



First read my posts, by punching into Google search--

MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTRONOMER- VADAKAYIL

IMHOTEP, PATRON SAINT OF FREE MASONS- VADAKAYIL

DESTRUCTION OF ATLANTIS BY SHIVA AVATAR TRIPUNTAKA- VADAKAYIL


The German Jews Rothschild stole all Vedic science texts written in Sanskrit and Malayalam. 

The British East India Company which ruled India was owned by German Jew Rothschild. 

The Germans used Vedic ARYAN Swastika symbol for themselves.



VIMANA in Sanskrit and Malayalam means flying machine. 

















It is written in the Ramayana that Lord Rama , Sita and Lakshman stayed in Maharishi Bhardwaja's ashram. 


Maharishi Bharadwaja is reputed to have penned ( the word is compiled ) the VIMANAKA SHASTRA 6400 years ago.  The vimana technology is more than 9000 years old



Sage Dronacharya who was the Guru of the Pandavas and Kauravas in the childhood was the son of Maharishi Bharadwaja. Maharishi Bharadwaja is the son of Sage Brihaspati. 



Sage Dronacharya was killed by Arjuna in Mahabharata in 4000 BC , when he laid down his arms and went into Samadhi, in the thick of battle . 



Yuddhistra who never told a lie, shouted deviously that (elephant ) Ashwathama was killed by Bhima , which Dronacharya mistook to be his own son .


In Vimanaka Shastra , the Sanskrit original was stolen by the German Jews Rothschilds. The Germans tried their hand in making flying VIMANAS.  But alas,Vedic weaponry used Scalar longitudinal waves and Pineal gland resonances as a trigger-- lest they fall into evil hands. 

These are personalised instruments. For example an ASTRA ( scalar interferometry missile ) used by Rama cannot be used by Ravana , as these are activated by resonance by mental longitudinal Scalar waves. Nikola Tesla was introduced to Scalar weaponry by Vivekananda. This is like a modern day password-- which cannot be cracked!



Above is Ellora cave of 1600 BC showing a Vimana.  

These Vimanas have IMPLODING vortex in the direction of movement and EXPANDING vortexes to steer and for over drive.




In Vimana Yantra Sarvaswa , it is mentioned in great detail how to make a plane motionless, how to make it invisible, how to change over to aether ( akasha ZPF ) power from solar power in inter planetary travels, distant radar monitoring of other aircraft, how to listen to sounds inside other planes and underwater craft ( as Vimanas go under water too ), faster than light communications -- secrets of constructing planes which cannot be monitored or destroyed, with planetary gearing silent systems.



Mercury has been known to Indians 11000 years ago.  Dharnidhar Samhita gives the 16 steps to purify Mercury and make a SOLID Shiva Lingam out of it.  



This is extremely powerful and can sharpen the mind.  Lord Shiva tells Parvati, that if anyone worships parad Shiva lingam, will never have disease or face want .  



The Templar Knights found a solid Mercury Shiva Lingam under Solomon's temple, and after that they had NO use for the cross-- which got them burned on the stake ,by a vindictive Vatican.






In the Sanskrit Samarangana Sutradhara, which means “controller of the battlefield ”, it is written: “Strong and durable must the body of the Vimana be made, like a great flying bird of light material. Inside one must put the mercury engine with its iron heating apparatus underneath. By means of the power latent in the mercury which sets the driving whirlwind in motion, a man sitting inside may travel a great distance in the sky. The movements of the Vimana are such that it can vertically ascend, vertically descend, move slanting forwards and backwards. With the help of the machines human beings can fly in the air and heavenly beings can come down to earth.”
**************************************************************WRITTEN IN COLD BLOOD, BY TRUMAN CAPOTE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


TRUMAN CAPOTE- THE NOVELIST WHO SOLD HIS SOUL— CLASSIC MASTER PIECE AND TRAIL BLAZING NOVEL --
“ IN COLD BLOOD”




I read the non-fiction true account book IN COLD BLOOD , by American author Truman Capote at the tender age of 11.  I had just come out of the Enid Blyton stage , and this was my first big novel.

This book was in my school library and I was impressed by the fact that it got rave reviews and sold half a million copies in the first two weeks after it was published. To be frank this book should be banned from school libraries.

Since then I got several opportunities to read this book again, but something inside me stopped me every time . Much later in life , I got hold of a E-book copy. I still hold this in my pen drive, but have never read this.  At the same time I should say categorically - Capote has breathed in such realism into this superbly crafted classic, that it can hardly be surpassed ever.

Three years ago I saw the Hollywood movie Capote by DVD while at sea.  Truman Capote is acted out by Phillip Seymour Hoffman, who made the character come alive—and how!.  


Hoffman  truly deserved whatever accolades came his way, including 2006 academy award and Globe award for best actor. Looks to me that he was born to do this once in a lifetime role, to portray a openly gay and attention craving complex character, with a high pitched voice and grotesque mannerisms ..the ultimate consummate self publicist. It is NOT an easy role to do justice to.


The shallow thinking common Yank has NOT figured out what happened at Herb Clutter’s ranch in Holcomb.  Two drifters , out on parole murder Herb Clutter, his wife Bonnie and his two teenaged children Nancy and Kenyon.  Capote biased approach in the book paints  Perry Smith as the wronged angel, and portrays the other man Dick Hickock as a diabolical killer.


If you are objective as a crime detective, or even a journalist , it is simple to see that all shootings and throat slittings were done by Perry, the homosexual.  Dick has NOT killed anybody, though it is claimed that he was the brains behind the would be robbery of a safe which always held more than 10000 dollars, that went awry.

It is common knowledge that Truman Capote went regularly to jail for 5 years , to have a tete e tete  and sex with Perry, facilitated by lead detective Alvin Dewey , whose wife was a great fan of Capote. Capote bribed the jail warden too.  He was indeed in true love with killer Perry and this small village in Kansas in the heartland of America had just 250 inhabitants,  probably with NIL homosexuals to give him release while on the job.

Joseph John Maloney, a convicted murderer , on his release in 1972, had spilled the beans. Both Perry and Dick were homosexual partners in prison. JJ Maloney became an investigative reported at Kansas City Star, and he was nominated for Pulitzer prize 5 times. He says that Dick was hetero-sexual, and probably had a homosexual relationship in jail with Perry , usual in American prisons , where there are no women.  JJ said that Dick tried to rape the attractive 16 year old Nancy Clutter. In a fit of gay jealousy passive gay partner Perry did the shootings and the throat slittings, to show that he is a man’s man..  Dick’s role was to attempt to rob them after tying and gagging the victims.

Just before Perry was hanged he kissed Truman Capote on the cheek, and Capote fled tears streaming, without waiting to watch the hanging .

He stood stoically and  watched Dick hanging, just before that.

The reason why Capote had a relationship with Perry , who was in prison was two fold. This is where I say that he sold his soul.  He extracted maximum juice by way of classified information about the killings, from Perry –getting him to feel that a famous man like Capote had the clout to delay the hangings.  

And the diabolical  part is that Truman Capote delayed releasing his book till both Dick and Perry were hanged.  


Dead men tell no tales, after reading no book, right?  

The book brought Capote fame and riches, and more importantly a guaranteed top perch in the American literary canon, but no peace of mind.  He wasted his life on drink and drugs , and did not write any other novel, till he died in 1984 at the age of 59, though he was so gifted in playing around with words. 

"No one will ever know what In Cold Blood took out of me," Capote once said.  "It scraped me right down to the marrow of my bones. It nearly killed me. I think, in a way, it did kill me."  


Why not?  Such poor ethics,  where he USED a lover on the death row, incapable of defending himself, -- a man, who had put his full trust in him and reposed in him , his entire faith.

This book which was the first attempt to merge journalism with novelistic devices , to create a new literary art form -- is dishonest to the core. 

Think over what I said.  

Now I shall talk about the gripping book IN COLD BLOOD—a non-fiction book , which sold half a million copies in the first week ( something hard to beat ) . It is now available in 30 languages.


Check out the extravagant and evocative prose of the opening page --

“The village of Holcomb stands on the high wheat plains of western Kansas, a lonesome area that other Kansans call "out there.".  The local accent is barbed with a prairie twang, a ranch-hand nasalness, and the men, many of them, wear narrow frontier trousers, Stetsons, and high-heeled boots with pointed toes.  The land is flat, and the views are awesomely extensive; horses, herds of cattle, a white cluster of grain elevators rising as gracefully as Greek temples are visible long before a traveler reaches them”.

Now check out how he finished his book-

"And nice to have seen you, Sue. Good luck,"  he called after her as she disappeared down the path, a pretty girl in a hurry, her smooth hair swinging, shining -  just such a young woman as Nancy might have been.  Then, starting home, he walked toward the trees, and under them, leaving behind him the big sky, the whisper of wind voices in the wind-bent wheat”.


The story has a fictionalized ending with a visit of Susan , Nancy’s friend to the Garden City graveyard ,  4 years after  the Clutters were laid to rest, when detective Dewey bumps into her .  Life goes on— it comes full circle— cries have become whispers  .
This extraordinary sangfroid  , playing around with the nuances , is what makes the book so haunting—the work of a genius.


The readers know the outcome of the book right from the start, yet Capote manages to build suspense. Capote allows characters to tell their own story, in a seamless manner, creating a relationship between the reader, the killers ,the victims—literally all, whipping up sympathy for the wrong guy. Readers feel empathy for Perry, the gruesome killer.


He tries to make Perry , his gay partner for 5 long years smell of roses all the while. On the other hand he runs down Dick at the drop of a hat and it is clear that he has no time for him. Dick is portrayed as a child rapist , a cold hearted , hard core criminal without a moral compass, and a cruel man who deliberately drives over dogs—all figments of his skewed imagination.


According to him Perry was in jail just because of Dick.  Dick Hickock's face was "composed of mismatching parts . . . as though his head had been halved like an apple, then put together a fraction off center'’. 


While Smith’s stocky weight lifter's torso with dainty feet that "would have neatly fitted into a delicate lady's dancing slippers" .  Probably he had a footsie gay fetish .  Capote tells Harper Lee , that when he first saw Perry he found his puppy dog eyes irresistible and found his short dangling legs ( injured in a motor bike accident ) hanging off a chair without touching the floor absolutely charming.


Capote has a warped sense of judgement and humor when he suggests that Perry slit the throat and blew off the head of 16 year old Nancy, on moral grounds ( sic!)  to prevent Dick from raping her, and thus preserve her honour.  Clearly Capote has a intense connection with Perry which did NOT exist with Dick. It is obvious that Truman Capote had ulterior motives in covering the truth.  


Capote may have been unwilling to admit that a much-respected Kansas family could have been murdered as a side effect of a bisexual-gay relationship gone horribly awry, or even to admit that Perry with whom he had a gay relationship was, at the end of the day, responsible for his own actions and crimes.


And then Capote croons a white lie, all to show Perry as an angel.   Perry told him about how he killed Herb Clutter “ I didn’t want to harm the man. I thought he was a very nice gentleman , soft spoken,  right up to the time I slit his throat!”  And then he plods on with his diabolical bullshit.   Perry told him “ I placed a cushion under his head before I shot the head off “.  

Sniff-  soo sweeet!! ( with a lisp )


It is obvious that Capote  wrote about Perry as if he was really writing about himself rather than the real Perry Smith. Perry was  born of two rodeo performers, he had a difficult childhood, served in the military, and became permanently disabled during a motorcycle race. At the same time, he was an avid reader, and liked to draw.  


In researching Smith's back story he discovered disturbing echoes of his own past life: they both had promiscuous, alcoholic mothers and incompetent, largely absent fathers; they were both brought up in foster-homes; they were both ridiculed as children – Capote for his effeminacy, Smith for his Cherokee blood and his bed wetting.

Capote clearly identified with this "chunky, misshapen child-man".  In Perry he recognised his shadow, his dark side, the embodiment of his own accumulated angst and hurts.  Though he craved objectivity, Capote found it impossible not to reveal where his sympathies lay. When he claimed that Smith could have stepped right out of one of his stories, it was because Smith resembled Capote's imaginative projection of himself-- they were both outsiders, unacceptable to society -- freaks.


The book talks about the brutal 1959 murders of Herbert Clutter, a successful farmer from Holcomb Kansas, his wife and two of their four children. The elder daughters, Eveanna and Beverly, had moved out of their parents' home ( flown the nest in Yank parlance ) and started their adult lives. 

The two younger children, Nancy, 16, and Kenyon, 15, were high school students living at home. Clutter's wife, Bonnie, a member of the local garden club, had been incapacitated by clinical depression and physical ailments -- basically mid-life syndrome which ALL women pass though.

Holcomb  was a small, closely knit, god-fearing town located in the west of Kansas State. Comprising principally of blue-collar, middle-class American citizens who lived by the religion, were proud of who they were, and knew most of their fellow-residents in person, the existence of the place was however largely unknown to most Americans.


Herb Clutter, the father, takes out a forty-thousand-dollar life insurance policy, and the family does not lock the doors to their house.  Herb Clutter, the father , was the pillar of the town, honest and good, caring for a disabled with, with children as promising, sweet and hopeful as any parent could wish for..

Kenyon is a boy's boy, not interested in girls yet at fifteen years of age but a talented carpenter.  He was self-conscious, nerdy, and socially awkward.  He the youngest Clutter, was building a cedar chest to present to his oldest sister.


Nancy is the town sweetheart, helpful, generous, attractive, and accomplished.  A straight-A student and award-winning pie-maker was the most popular girl in her school . She is dating Bobby Rupp, the hunk school basketball star, who is also the last to see the family alive. Mama Bonnie had a problem with depression , and Herbert was very busy with his farming business and did not have much time to tend to her.

Two ex-convicts on parole from the Kansas State Penitentiary, Richard "Dick" Hickock and Perry Edward Smith, committed the robbery and murders on November 15, 1959.  While in jail, a fellow prisoner, Floyd Wells, had told Richard Hickock about a safe at the farmhouse where Herb Clutter supposedly kept enormous of cash. Hickock soon hatched the idea to commit the robbery,  and start a new life in Mexico with the moolah.

Hickock described his plan as "a cinch, the perfect score." Hickock later contacted Smith, his former cellmate, about committing the robbery with him.

Even as Herb, the rural wheat growing patriarch, consumes his usual breakfast of an apple and a glass of milk, "unaware that it would be his last",  and his daughter Nancy lays out her velveteen dress for church, "the dress in which she was to be buried", the two ex-cons are racing across the wheat plains of the Midwest in their black Chevrolet sedan, Hickock high on Orange Blossoms, Smith crunching handfuls of aspirin to ease the pin of his grotesquely injured legs.   Smith and Hickock symbolised the feckless, degenerate underbelly of the country, the absolute antithesis of Holcomb's God-fearing and law-abiding citizens

After driving 300 miles across the state of Kansas on Saturday, November 14, 1959, Hickock and Smith located the Clutter home and entered while the family slept.


After they roused the family and discovered that there was no money or safe to be found, Smith, notoriously unstable and prone to violent acts in fits of rage, slit Herb Clutter's throat, and then shot him in the head.  Kenyon, then Nancy, and then Bonnie were murdered, each by single shotgun blasts to the head. There were no signs of a struggle, and nothing had been stolen. The telephone lines had been cut.


Not a cent is found , or the safe the killers had heard, from a jailbird, which held millions. Perry finds himself chasing a rolling silver dollar on the floor, a souvenir of Clutter's just killed daughter. All they get is 40 dollars and a pair of binoculars.
 


The dead bodies of the father, 48-year-old Herbert W. Clutter, was found in the basement with his son, Kenyon, 15. His wife Bonnie, 45, and a daughter, Nancy, 16, were in their beds.


The crime  rocked the nation because it happened in such a small town, where people were presumably more safe than in big cities. . The peaceful community was in utter turmoil.  No one could explain why anyone might have wanted to kill a whole family in Holcomb, a small, poor, rural community in the mid-West Bible belt.


Richard ("Dick") Eugene Hickok and Perry Edward Smith were identified as suspects and arrested in Las Vegas about six weeks after the crime. Apparently Dick had leaked his plans in jail to someone else, and this man snitched, to curry favour for himself.

The hunt for their killers - parolees Dick Hickock and Perry Smith - mesmerized the American nation, drawing journalists from across the country to this rural outpost on the Kansas prairie.


Their killers came from as different a world as you could find in rural America at the time. Perry Smith's family was broken and violent. He'd lost two siblings to suicide, and a parent to alcoholism. Half-Cherokee, half-Irish, Smith had a "runty" build, thanks to a motorcycle accident that left him with disfigured legs and an addiction to dry chewing painkilling aspirin and glorified daydreams. 

Dick Hickock's ambitions were slightly less delusional; he just wanted to take the money and run off somewhere he wouldn't be found.  Hickock was also scarred,  A car accident had put an unnerving asymmetry into his otherwise handsome face. Ever since his face got disfigured he is a completely different person. Hickock's family was poor but relatively stable They pleaded temporary insanity at the trial, but local GPs evaluated the accused and pronounced them sane.

After reading a short newspaper account of the killings, Truman Capote decided to make the 1,700km journey from his home in New York to Holcomb to chronicle the impact of terrible violence on a small community. He takes his Alabama childhood friend Harper Lee along. They arrive in time for the funeral.  


Harper Lee, who within a few months will win a Pulitzer Prize and achieve fame of her own as the author of runaway best seller  "To Kill a Mockingbird.". This book will soon sell a mindboggling 30 million copies,.  The book deals with the issues of racism that were observed by her, as a child in her hometown of Monroeville, Alabama .


Capote's first few days in town were difficult.  Everyone gave the weird 5 feet 3 inches , squeaky voiced , high strung Truman Capote the royal brush-off.  Harper Lee was crucial in overcoming the initial hostility. She had agreed to accompany Capote to act as what he called his "assistant researchist".  

Her affable southern manner – she  made for a much happier connection with the plain-spoken rustic inhabitants of Holcomb.  Rupp recalls that in the one interview he granted Capote, most of the questions were asked by Harper Lee, so much so that "sometimes I wonder who really wrote that book".  Harper sort of managed Truman, acting as his guardian or mother hen. She broke the ice for him.


After five years on death row, Smith and Hickock aged 36 and 33, were executed by hanging by their necks , just after midnight on April 14, 1965, in Lansing, Kansas, at the Kansas State Penitentiary (now known as Lansing Correctional Facility).  It was only six years after he started writing , when the two drifters were executed , that Capote would finish his book. 

The gallows from which they were hanged now forms part of the collections of the Kansas State Historical Society.



Today, tourists from as far as Japan come in droves to Holcomb, to get the feel of the place –nay— for a pilgrimage of sorts. . They visit the cemetery , where there are three neat tombstones, all bearing the date 1959: Herb and Bonnie together in the centre, Kenyon on the right and Nancy to the left.


The River Valley farm  still looks on the exterior largely as he described it.  It now belongs to its third set of owners since the Clutters, the Maders.   They used to give tours of the property but grew so hot and bothered by the endless inquisitive stream of “In Cold Blood pilgrims” that they posted the "NYET" sign.


In Garden City, the Wheat Lands motel where Capote and Harper Lee stayed, is still there, though a photo of Capote posing in front of the building has been stolen from the foyer. The courthouse where Smith and Hickock were put on trial still stands as imposing as it was then. Holcomb, population 270 in 1959, has grown tenfold and is now dominated by one of the world's largest meat-packing factories


Nancy’s friend Bob Rupp,who was her last date as a teenager upset  "They made a tremendous amount of money off our great tragedy". 



The book has been loathed and reviled in its birthplace by residents because of its recreation of events (as per Perry cum Capote's morbid delusions ) that never happened,  and what they say is commercial exploitation of the victims. The subsequent Hollywood movies have also been very unpopular here. The town is all American with the distinctive spirit of revenge and the cowboy posse mentality to catch them outlaws.


"In cold blood" vividly portrays how the nice American dream turns into the scary American nightmare by juxtaposing and dovetailing the lives and values of the Clutters and those of the killers. Truman Capote elaborates the starkness of  the split image and deep doubleness of American life.


The two criminals with questionable mental dispositions have been brought forth with chilling effect, with all their hopes, aspirations, nuances, onion layers, secret desires, flaws, pathological tendencies, and criminal inclinations.  



Truman Capote explores the mindset of each, their respective backstories, their feelings about the crime, and their final eerie thoughts before execution.


In the Hollywood movie , Truman Capote talks to Harper Lee about the horrifying experience and laments that he couldn't have done anything to stop it.  



This intelligent woman counters  "Maybe not; the fact is you didn't want to."
*******************************************************************************
HUMAN CELLS , CONSCIOUS WITH INTELLIGENT DESIGN- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



This is a thought provoking post. 

We teach our young children Darwin's bullshit science in school . The Zionist lobby of this planet is too powerful.

First I would like you to read my post CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE- VADAKAYIL.  Put this into Google search.

Now you are ready to read this post.

Now spend about 14 minutes of your life, in viewing these videos below. You will NOT be disappointed. 

From now on, you will respect your own body.




150 years ago, Darwin had zilch idea , what DNA is,  or a cell is.  He was under instructions by Freemasons to say exactly what he said—to remove God and intelligent design from the equation and to shove in EVOLUTION .

As per this nonsense, Giraffes neck became longer as the poor animal was given taller and taller trees to eat leaves from— really?






A cell is the smallest unit of the human body and hence is the building block of life. There are millions of different types of cells, which have unique functions and features. The total amount of cells in a human body exceeds 100 trillion—or one hundred thousand billion cells.

The outer part is the cell membrane which has in and out ports , for nutrients and wastes . The inner core has  the nucleus, which contains DNA, the genetic code.





You cannot imagine how complex a microscopic cell is unless you enlarge it mentally say to the size of a huge bubble say the size of Mumbai.

Only then you will appreciate the mind boggling and supreme intelligent design, with the surface of the cell having millions of ports, constantly opening and closing –allowing constant passage in and out..




More than 500 processes take place just in one cell of the liver, all in terrific speed of nano seconds. In the videos you are seeing SLOW MOTION.

About 1 billion red blood cells are produced in the body every hour, inside each of which there are about 300 million molecules of Haemoglobin..
.





Every cell in our body came from division of the original sperm cell.


After that every cell chose its own individual shape and its tasks in a conscious manner, to make you look like what you see in the mirror externally.

Every new cell knew where it must go and what it must do, when to start dividing, when to top dividing, with whom to form partnership, whom to keep away from, which hostile bacteria to kill, which friendly bacteria to ignore, when to commit suicide , what human organ it must form—all with perfect timing.

They are all aware of each others functions and there is total harmony.

The Vedic Indian knew this 11000 years ago, but we are stuck with Darwin’s bullshit.





Hullo Darwin, your missing links are still missing in action, right?  Did you domesticate them and stash them away, in your English home backyard?--pray-- prithee?



You thought your mangy sack containing ridiculous goodies which you picked up from Galapagos islands and Patagonia had all the answers , right?   



Wonder what answers you would have derived if you had seen the abundant RAIN FORESTS of Western Ghats mountains , an hour away from my hometown Calicut.



You could never imagine, that there are more than 1 million types of Bacteria alone on this planet, right?

Below Darwin's darling finches -- sniff !



I wont blame you. 

You were used!
*******************************************************************************
TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



TIPU SULTAN , THE TRUE  

STORY OF A VILLAIN 




It is amazing how Indians accept warped and skewed history written by our invaders.


Opium drug runner German Jew Rothschild’s who owned the British East India Company, is hardly known any where in India or the world.  Rothschild owns 80% of Israel  and runs the US Federal Reserve.

Their wealth in 2011 runs in excess of 300 trillion US dollars, or 300,000 billion dollars.  But they don’t find a name in the Forbes 500 list.  


Forbes was the opium agent of Rothschild in USA. Bill Gates, Carlos Slims, Warren Buffet  all with wealth less that 60 billion US dollars take the top three spots, of the richest men in the world.

 HOW DID ROTHSCHILD LAY THEIR HANDS ON SO MUCH MONEY? 


WELL , TIPU SULTANS GOLD WENT INTO THEIR VAULTS.   THEIR FASTEST CLIPPER SHIPS WERE READY TO CART AWAY TONNES GOLD IN 1799 WORTH MORE THAN 7000 BILLION USD ,  THREE MONTHS BEFORE TIPU WAS KILLED.


FROM WHERE DID TIPU SULTAN GET HIS GOLD?   


AFTER ALL HIS PUNJABI MUSLIM FATHER HYDER ALI WAS JUST A ORDINARY SOLDIER NAIK IN THE MYSORE WODEYAR HINDU RULER’S ARMY.          

TIPU’S GOLD CAME MAINLY FROM THE VAULTS OF THE TEMPLES OF CALICUT—MY HOME TOWN. THE FRUIT OF 6 MILLENNIUMS OF SPICE TRADE IN A STABLE KINGDOM, NEVER ATTACKED , TILL THE PORTUGUESE CAME WITH THEIR SUPERIOR CANONS TO CALICUT, IN 1498 AS TRADERS.


Most of this pure gold is from the gold minesof Timbuctoo. King Solomon paid in gold for the spices , teak wood and sandalwood

Who are these German Jew Rothschilds? 

They made their money by Opium drug smuggling from India to China


They send paid mercenary Hessian German soldiers to USA , well paid with Opium drug money. In USA during the war of Independence ( 1783 ) they supported both the Red coats commanded by British Lord Wellesely, and also the blue coats , who were led by the Opium agents of Rothschild.
Punch into google search THE DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY- VADAKAYIL.


They financed the Battle of Waterloo ( 1815 ) , both sides-- the British as well as the French. They made an ass out of British people who lost their entire wealth in the stock market. Rothschild managed to convince the British that they are losing the Battle of Waterloo, by using a pigeon carrier from the battle field trick--and bought up all their falling stocks.

In 1757 traders Rothschild took over India . The first battle of Independence or the Battle of Plassey was won without  firing as single shot- by Robert Clive bribing the King Siraj Ud Daulash's army commander cum brother-in-law Mir Jaffar,  to kill him before the battle even started.  Of course they fired a lot of shots merrily into the air as propaganda.


In 1799 they used Commander General cum Prime Minister Mir Saadiq to kill Tipu Sultan , and then dressed him up and put him in the battle field outside the fort of Srirangapatnam , to make it appear that he was killed in Battle.


Then of course as usual they fired thousands of rockets and guns merrily into the air, to make it appear that a great storming of the citadel was going on.  The British army raped and pillaged at will , the whole  night. All this is NOT recorded by British historians. So much heat and smoke was released into the atmosphere , that the next day there was a terrible cloudburst.

No wall of the fort was breached, as written by British historians . The door of the fort were opened by Mir Sadeeq on 4th May 1799. . All Tipu Sultan loyalists soldiers were sent away to stand in queue for wage distribution. 

Below : Rothschild's agent and Tipu Sultan’s PM  Krishnacharya Purnaiya ( Mir Miran Purnaiya ) who sent Tipu Sultan’s soldiers to collect their salary, leaving Tipu’s palace  unguarded..  





Tipu himself was having his food, when he was killed  by a single shot from close quarters on his left cheek. He was also stabbed three times on his chest and later dumped outside on the field among the dead at dusk .


General David Baird using the light from a flaming torch, noted that the priceless  emerald jewels he always wore round his neck was missing though he was lying under dead men .  The killers had made him clasp the handle of his sword after breaking it at the hilt and the broken blade part was not seen anywhere around  .

The British did great propaganda that Tipu Sultans gunpowder and rockets were wet, as they deliberately flooded the armoury in the basements.  Well Tipu Sultan knows where to keep his gunpowder , and flooding factor is always taken into account.

The dirty truth is whatever rockets and gunpowder was supplied to Tipu Sultan by the French was Rothschild’s armament goods. The French ruler Philippe-Antoine Merlin de Douai was under the influence of Rothschild money. A few days after Tipu’s treasure was in Rothschilds hands they got rid of Phillipe, and gave him a good pension .   

None of the rockets would have exploded even if they were dry.  The British had the Maratha army and the Nizam of Hyderabad’s soldiers with them just in case Mir Sadiq could not deliver the goods. Mir Sadiq and his assistant Mir Moinuddin , who were bribed by Rothschild man Lord  Wellesely , were both murdered by the British and made it appear as if they were killed by Tipu Sultan loyalists. So the British made ousted King Wodeyar, rotting in Tipu's prison , the new king of Mysore.

WHY DID THE BRITISH WAIT TILL 1799 TO TAKE OUT TIPU SULTAN ? WHY WAIT FOR FOUR ANGLO MYSORE WARS?  

THE TRUTH IS BY TAKING TIPU SULTANS TWO SONS AS HOSTAGE AFTER THE THIRD BRITISH MYSORE WAR,  AND SNATCHING AWAY HALF HIS KINGDOM, THEY GOT HIM TO TRUST THE FRENCH.  ( Mossad style deceit )

AND WHO WERE THE FRENCH ?  JUST ROTHSCHILD’S STOOGES.


THE BRITISH UNDER ROTHSCHILD ENSURED THAT TIPU SULTAN CLEANED OUT THE GOLD IN NORTH KERALA TEMPLES.  

TIPU NEVER FOUGHT WITH THE BRITISH IN KERALA.  TIPU SULTAN BEING A MUSLIM HAD THE CONNIVANCE AND TRUST OF LOCAL MAPPILAS , WHO GAVE HIM SECRET INFORMATION --MUSLIM TO MUSLIM .

Today if you come to Kerala, you will ask—why are the Kerala temples all looking as if they have been built yesterday? The reason is Tipu Sultan dug up the foundations of each and every major temple.  In 1790 Tipu attacked the South Kerala Kingdom of Travancore in 1790. The fruit of which was a broken leg which made him permanently lame. He lost his sword and this is the sword which Vijay Mallya bought at Sotheby auction.

Recently actor Sanjay Khan had made a TV serial for  national channel Doordarshan , to do propaganda from the Muslim perspective.  Tipu Sultan was portrayed as a hero and martyr and freedom fighter like Chatrapati Shivaji . 

And a few months ago, we had our Muslim minister Salman Khursheed jumping up and down like an orangutan, trying to get Tipu Sultan play enacted in the Rashtrapati Bhavan, and convert him into a Indian freedom fighting hero. He should do that for Ghaznavi too.
Nothing is further from the truth. 


The letters which Tipu sent to the French ruler and King of Turkey to attack India and to support him against the British is available in the museums .  His serial was based on a false information in a book written in 1976 by Bhagwan Gidwani, who claims that he did 13 years extensive research.  

Well , I must say his research is no good. He must know that not a single child in South India is named Tipu—for this name is synonymous to Hitler, or Ravan or Shylock or Judas --  hated by one and all.

Indian government has even released a national stamp with Tipu Sultan’s face on it—portraying him as a freedom fighter. By doing that the government in appeasing the Muslim sentiment ( which does not exist for Tipu ) has ignored the feelings of the people of Kerala.

Tipu Sultan destroyed more than 8000 temples in Kerala, Mysore and Tamil nadu..  OK, Calicut temples had gold hidden, but what about Mysore and Tamil Nadu?  He tried to made Persian the official language of Mysore by abolishing Kannada, by the new language party were too lazy.  


In 1788 Tipu Sultan had razed my hometown Calicut to the ground. Tipu spared Raja of Cochin as he was a vassal of Hyder Ali.

The way Tipus thousands of people is killed in Kerala is too macabre to even describe. They were hung upside down on trees , before being put to the sword and then left to hang there , with terrible stench everywhere. Elephants were used to tear bodies apart.  Tipu’s soldiers raped at will, but they did NOT have intercourse with attractive dead women like what Timur’s Mongol soldiers did.  

However they used to line up thousands of Hindu men to get circumcised— stretch out the foreskin, slice with a knife and out—next guy!  Then they had to eat beef while bleeding from the tip of the penis, wrapped in a rag.
http://youtu.be/Xmi_ADpY5YQ

Watch video above by clicking on link -- today even as I write this post, in Libya blacks are made to eat their family and friends, before being lynched by NATO and US supported rebels.   For a Hindu, eating beef is worse than cannibalism.   Women and children under 18 are NOT allowed to watch this video.

When thousands of Hindus ran away into the forests , Tipu gave his royal word of honour to come back and he would forgive them.  As soon as they came back attractive women would be caught as slaves, men and children would be given the option—be killed or get yourself circumcised now!  This happened to Kolathiri Raja and he preferred to be pulled apart by elephants than eat beef.
While escaping from Tipu's army, one of the princes of the Chirackal Royal family in North Malabar was captured . As per the accounts of Tipu's own diary , the body of the prince was dragged by elephants through his camp and it was subsequently hung up on a tree along with seventeen of his followers who had been captured alive

Letter written by Tipu Sultan dated January 19, 1790, to Badroos Saman Khan: "Don't you know that I have achieved a great victory recently in Malabar and over 4 lakh Hindus were converted to Islam. I am now determined to march against that 'Cursed Raman Nair' without delay. (Reference is to Rama Varma Raja of Travancore State who was popularly known as Dharma Raja for giving shelter in his state to all those who fled Malabar.). Thinking that he and his subjects would be soon converted to Islam, I am overjoyed and hence abandoned the idea of returning to Srirangapatanam."

Only if the men got circumcised, the family would be spared. Today hardly any Kerala Muslim in Malappuram district know that their forefathers were the same Hindus who stood crying in line by the thousands  to get their foreskins sliced off by a crude knife.   25% of Kerala’s population is Muslim today. You get a general idea of how many Hindu men got circumcised and how many got killed.
IT WILL BE SUBVERSION OF HISTORY TO SAY THAT ALL CONVERSIONS WERE FORCED.   THERE WERE THOUSANDS OF VOLUNTARY CONVERSIONS OF LOW CASTE HINDUS TO ISLAM,  DUE TO THE SEVERE HARRASMENT OF HIGHER CASTE HINDUS ESPECIALLY LAND OWNING NAMBOODIRI BRAHMINS.  

I WILL BE POSTING ON THIS SOON , TO REVEAL THE  SICK MINDSET OF THE NAMBOODIRI CLAN, WHO GOT CARRIED AWAY WITH  LORD PARASHURAMA'S PATRONAGE.  THEY SUBVERTED THE VEDAS, AND IN THE BARGAIN THEY PAINTED THEMSELVES INTO A CORNER.


The half breed Arabs sailors who had 2 wives here in Kerala and 2 wives out there in Arab lands were ,  called Mappilas. They  have merged with Kerala society today, but these fair skinned folks, will cheer for an Arab team if they play a football match with India.  

Most of these fair skinned Mappilas are rich as they grabbed the ancestral lands and tharavadu bungalows of the landlord Hindus who ran away for their dear lives with their families. They were terrorized by Tipu Sultan and also by the dirty antics and daily harassment  of these Mappilas, to force hem to run away.  

After Tipus death when the British established their rule in Malabar and the exiled Hindu landlords made legal efforts to recover their ancestral landed properties, illegally occupied by the local Mappilas, Mullahs in mosques started preaching to their fanatic followers that "killing of Hindu landlords was a sacred Islamic act," leading to frequent Mappila Lahala outrages in Malabar.

Tipu Sultan got his own son married to such a Mappila Arakkal Biwi—the Queen of Cannanore. This was to score brownies points over Nizam of Hyderabad who had refused to give his daughter to a man of poor lineage —as Hyder Ali was a Punjabi commoner, NOT of Mughal descent..

Tipu Sultan had, ruled his kingdom only for sixteen-and-a-half years, from December 7, 1782 to May 4, 1799.  The territory of Malabar was under his effective control only for a short period of eight years—but he sucked out all the wealth using local information from his Kerala Mappila spies. The British were monitoring all this happily.


Let Tipu Sultan with the aid of his Mappila local spies ,do all the temple vault breaking , temple foundation digging , ornament snatching from Kerala women, dirty , undignified , sweaty work and accumulate all the nice gold in some convenient spot, like bees gathering honey — we shall snatch it away for Amschel Mayer Rothschild , at that ripe time in ONE SWIFT AND SINGLE SWIPE.  

For this they made Tipu Sultan sign a official document too—The Treaty of Mangalore of 1784- which gave the “ suzerainty of Malabar “ to him.


In a minor south Kerala Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple 24 billion US dollars worth gold was unearthed in July 2011. The main vault is yet to be opened  due to security issues, and a judicial order.


Tipu was Hyder Ali’s son by his 2nd wife Fakrunissa.  When ever Tipu Sultan went on a campaign he used to consult Hindu astrologers at Ranganatha Swami  Temple at Srirangapatnam – such was the paradox.  He also consulted the Hindu astrologers at Lakshmikanta temple at Kalale.


Hyder Ali first lay siege to Calicut’s King Zamorin ( Samoothiri ) in 1766 . The Calicut king committed suicide in , by blowing his gun-powder armoury up. He feared he would be tortured to reveal the whereabouts of his gold vaults. In any case Hyder Ali got his entire gold kept inside the palace. . After 22 years , in 1788 Hyder’s son Tipu razed my hometown Calicut again to the ground – he came with elephants, cannons, rockets and more than 68000 soldiers, via the Sultan Battery ghats..



He renamed all the towns with Islamic names. My hometown Kozhikode became Islamabad. Today only Feroke retains the old name. Rest have all been named back to original. British changed Kozhikode again to Calicut. Today once again it is back to Kozhikode , as my passport bears testimony.


Famous ancient temples looted and desecrated as per British records were : Triprangot, Thrichembaram, Thirunavaya, Thiruvannoor, Calicut Thali, Hemambika Temple, the Jain Temple in Palghat, Mammiyur, Parambatali, Venkitangu, Pemmayanadu, Tiruvanjikulam, Terumanam, Vadakhumnnathan Temple of Trichur, Belur Siva Temple, Shri Veliyanattukava, Varakkal, Puthu, Govindapuram, Keraladhiswara, Trikkandiyur, Sukapuram, Bhagavati temple Kodungallur, Maranehei Temple of Aaalvancheiri Tambrakkal, Vengara Temple of Aranadu, Tikulam, Ramanathakra, Azhinjalam Indiannur, Mannur Narayan Kanniar and Vadukunda Siva Temple of Madai.

The biggest loss was the 7000 year old Thirunavazha temple, along with priceless Vedic records. This temple was even older than 6000 year old Guruvayur.  

Tipu Sultan was prevented from destroying the Guruvayur temple by Hydrose Kutty, who told him that the 6000 year old black idol has been shifted to the Ambalapuzha Sri Krishna temple in kingdom of Travancore for safekeeping. Even today, daily pujas are conducted in Ambalapuzha Sri Krishna Temple where the idol of Guruvayoor Temple was temporarily installed and worshipped.

I have visited the spot Tipu Sultan fell when I was a young boy of 11. At that time I felt sorry for him , for he was mentioned in my social studies and history book of school as a freedom fighter.  


At the spot he had fallen there is a stone memorial , which I had visited, along with his palaces in Srirangapatman- all built with Hindu temple treasures.


In 2003 the sword of Tipu Sultan was bought by Vijay Mallya for a fortune . The sword of Tipu Sultan carried an inscription in Persian: "My victorious Sabre is lightening for the destruction of the unbelievers. Thou art our Lord, make him victorious who promotes the faith of Muhammad. Confound him, who refuses the faith of Muhammad and withold us from those who are so inclined".


This man had NIL respect for other religions— except when he wanted his own future to be known in advance by Hindu astrologers , and when he conducted special pujas to save his own skin.  

In Tipu’s kingdom Muslims did NOT have to pay taxes—so much for his secular image.

Below Tipu's tomb.



Below Tipu's summer palace.




See video above-- After Tipu's death in 1799, the kingdom was restored to the imprisoned 5 year old boy king Krishna Raja Wodeyar III by the British and the palace shifted back to Mysore from Srirangapatnam. You may be surprised to know that more foreign tourists visit this magnificient awesome palace, than the Taj Mahal. 

Yes-- this was the India , rich and proud --- once upon a time, -- till the white man stole everything.

Italian waitress Sonia Gandhi who hates Hindus, and her Muslim sycophant minister, Salman Khurshid has been trying their best to declare Tipu Sultan as a freedom fighter, in as much as they introduced his play in the Rashtrapati Bhavan.  It cuts NO ice with patriotic Indians.
.




Tipu Sultan paid for a Sahasra Chandi ritual for protection in war at Sringeri Mutt.   Later in a letter he wrote to the Sankaracharya Sacchidanada Bharati that the rite was very powerful and effective. 

He then invited the acharya to visit his palace at  SriRangapatnam -  QUOTE for wherever he stayed , there it rained in plenty, the harvest was bountiful and every prosperity attended the people UNQUOTE.

How did Kerala temples hold so much gold?

In ancient days temples were built stronger than modern day banks. Have you seen how Kedarnath temple withstood nature’s fury?

Punch into Google search-
MANSA MUSA KING OF MALI AND SRI PADMANABHASWAMY TEMPLE GOLD VADAKAYIL

Today people like Salman Khurshid are trying to convert Tipu Sultan into a freedom fighter in as much as the 2014 Republic day parade has Tipu Sultan’s tableau for Karnataka state.


He is even made out to be a rocket scientist by Islamic pride party. All the rockets Tipu Sultan held in his armory was given to him by the French branch of Rothschild, to blast Kerala temples. 

Today you can see that the oldest temples of Kerala look as if they have been made recently.
*******************************************************************************
AYUDHA PUJA , 9TH DAY OF NAVRATRI FESTIVAL-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

 

As a kid, Ayudha Puja was my favourite festival--and ditto for every single child of Kerala.

From the evening of Ashtami , the eight day till the morning of the Vijaya Dashami tenth day, we are forbidden from touching our books.  One token book would be sent to the the local temple and the rest stacked up in the puja room of the house.

As a small kid, to impress my vernacular playing friends studying in Malayalam medium schools, I used to cover up the big fat Chambers English dictionary, and include it in my book stack .

And they would all cry WOW!  
So many books !! ( and then they would look at me as if I was THE genius )




Every body including adults cannot touch their tools on the 9th day ( Maha navami ) Ayudha puja

It is kept for worship on the altar of the divine. If one can make a conscious effort to see the Divine in the tools and objects one uses each day, it will help one to see one's work as an offering to God.




This means on the 10th day there will be no newspaper in the morning. The diety is Saraswati, the Goddess of learning.

The 10th auspicious day is called Vijaya Dashimi. On the morning after a bath, the books or tools have to be taken out and used. Both my children at the age of three was initiated into the world of letters on this day morning--after the nine days if Navratri.

The children of 3 or 5 are taken to the temple ( or done in the house ) for the Vidyarambham ceremony, as a unique annual ritual.  For this learning initiation the child is made to sit on the lap of the parents or grandparents in front of the picture or statue of Goddess Saraswati.
The mantra "Om Hari Shree Ganapathaye Namah"(ഓം ഹരി ശ്രീ ഗണപതയേ നമഃ) is written on the tongue of the child with a gold ring dipped in honey and vayampu.

Then the child is made to write the same thing in rice on a flat platter made of bell metal, with the right index finger ,uttering each syllable as it is written--prompted by the elder hand.

Most of the kindergarden schools start on Vijaya Dashami day in Kerala.

On the 8th , 9th and 10th days thousands throng in Kerala temples.


It was on this Vijaya Dashimi day the Pandava brothers ( Mahabharata ) found their weapons after one year incognito. Pandavas were defeated in a gambling game with Kauravas headed by Duryodhana. According to the challenge they were supposed to live in forest for 12 years and as incognito for one year. 

During incognito they are were not allowed to carry weapons. For the safety of the weapons they dug a hole under the shami tree and put all the weapons in. When they were back after one year, they were filled with joy to see all the weapons safe at the same place. They celebrated the occasion by worshipping the weapons.



In the rest of India, Goddess Durga ( destroyer of anarthas ) is worshipped on the first three days, Lakshmi ( goddess of wealth and prosperity ) on the last three days Saraswati ( goddess of learning and skill )

Let me visualise what all my wife kept in the puja room. A Saraswati picture on a white cloth, flowers, mango leaves, turmeric, kumkum, puffed and beaten rice, few seasonal fruits including plantains, conch, burning incense--etc  . Our prasadam was Pradhaman payasam made of jaggery. 

When my 16 year old son was told to break the puja and remove his 
books, today early morning on Vijayadashimi day , to read a  bit  from
his books ,  I remember him whispering to my wife " Should I say
anything in plain language in my prayers ?".


Yes all this is part of our culture.  We in Kerala -- nay--  India are proud of our rich culture. 


Don't lose your  ancient 11000 year old culture by identifying with the MTV trash.
*******************************************************************************
CHILEAN WINE, AND THE ART OF WINE TASTING - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DON'T CARE FOR WINE BRANDS AND COST -- TRUST YOUR OWN SENSES-- TRUST YOUR INNER VOICE.



Let me tell a naked truth. 

I have never ever bought a bottle of wine for my own private consumption, paying my own money.

If so how do I qualify to talk on this subject-- pray?.


Well I have been a ship Captain for nearly 3 decades. When some one wants to give me a valuable present, whether it be a owner, or a charterer, or a shipper, or a consignee , or an agent—the first thing which crosses their blessed minds in to gift me a nice bottle of wine.  And being a ship Captain, nobody dares insult me and give me cheap wine, unless they want "double trouble".


And then I do buy economical  wine for my ship’s crew for Sunday dinners, as part of victualling .  I go ashore and choose expensive  vintage wine with ship’s officers club money for festivities and ship parties.


Every time I take a flight to join or sign off from a ship ( usually an average of 3 / 4 connecting flights ) I sample what the airline has to offer — usually “unpleasant “, “out of balance” , “oak reeking” , “astringent in the finish” , “unstructured tannin “ wines originating from “limited hang grafted grapes “  affected by  fruit flies, Phylloxera louse and downy mildew  from France, Italy, California and Australia in tiny bottles ..


On my stainless steel chemical tankers we carry red and white wines in bulk.  The wine is filled right up to the top of the PV stack, to prevent oxidation.

A top grade vintage wine goes by refrigerated containers  on ships nowadays.


I got introduced to Chilean wine more than 2 decades ago. My ship had been to Chile and we bought some dirt cheap Chilean wine. The moment the crew saw the cost, nobody wanted to drink the wine. 

It is assumed that all cheap wines are bad.  But once they had a sip, almost all who knew something about wine , opined that it was fantastic wine.

My love affair with Chilean wine started from then on.

Now I find that the whole world has woken up to Chilean wine. The wine did not sell abroad, till Jew Domains Barons De Rothschilds in 1988 bought off a 50% stake in the 250 year old Los Vascos Vineyard in the Chilean Colchagua valley.


Rothschild JACKED UP the prices knowing wine selling is closely related to snobbery. The moment the cost went up the uppity West started warming up to Chilean wine. 


Rothschild got wine experts from Bordeaux to supervise the viniculture, harvest, maceration and ageing process. They modernized the process for mass production using temperature controlled stainless steel vats, pneumatic presses,  .

Rothschild has always known ( like Picasso ) how to market their wines and to buy their own wines using anonymous agents , at record breaking prices, to hit the head lines of the wine magazines and breaking news of TV media which their own.  

So, a 1945 Chateau Mouton Rothschild Jerobaom sold at Christie’s auction in 1997 for 114614 US dollars.

Most of the wine tasters are like the art critics who praise Picasso’s dreadful daubings.  Money talks—these wine critics are usually bribed. The only time they fall into deep shit, is when they are told to blindfold and test.  But  they have some sort of magic communications to still beat the system. It is all a big game.

First of all none of the wine tasters know how the human mechanism of smell and taste works.  This is the way God made you, you are NOT having special tongues and noses.

NOW LET ME DIGRESS BRIEFLY INTO THE SCIENCE OF SMELLING AND TASTING.


In India since the past 12000 years we have the system of cleaning the tongue by using a sharp scraper every morning immediately after brushing the teeth.  You will understand what this means only if you do it once and see for yourself the YUCK toxic slime , known in 7000 year old Vedas as Ama, which comes off .


It is mostly dead tongue taste buds and cells. There are more than 10000 taste buds on your tongue whose life is just 10 days.


It also brings out dead bacteria, fungus , plaque coating, fur,  bad smelling volatile sulphur compounds and stuck food debris.  Indians were the first to do this and it was introduced to China by Indian Kalari warrior sage Bodhi Dharma .  The mouths of people who don’t use the tongue scraper stinks.


A girl could be the most beautiful in the world, but if she has repulsive MO, you would not want to kiss her at all. She can chew Wrigley's double mint gum throughout the day, her mouth will still smell like crap—and this is NOT from bad teeth or rotten gums..


Clean and healthy taste buds on a unfurred tongue can 1/200 sweet, 1/400 salt and 1/ 135000 sour and 1/2000000 bitter. Contrary to what experts say, taste buds all over the tongue can taste everything—there are no maps.
Never confuse taste with flavour. Taste is a chemical sense perceived by the receptor cells in the taste buds. Falvour is a fusion of multiple senses. With spicy food the brain registers pain as one aspect of flavour. To perceive flavour brain interprets taste , smell and other stimuli and sensations.
The moment the food or drink is smelt the Pavlovian response secretes saliva, preparing the tongue for tasting. Hence odours play an important role in the taste of foods. If you plug your nose you cannot make out the difference between strawberry jam and cherry jam— for both will taste sweet.

Your perception of scent is more than a thousand times stronger than your perception of taste. Taste is 78% smell. You must pity the guys whose noses are blocked and who breathe in through their mouths. They wont even feel the desire to eat.


We cant see bacteria with your eyes, yet we never eat rotten putrid food as our sense of smell which can detect more than 10000 different odours , warns us in advance. A top quality perfume has more than 450 ingredients.

This is why when you smell the wine you must fill up the glass 25% and swirl the wine and allow it coat the sides of the glass , so that it vapourises and tosses molecules into the air, releasing the bouquet. Sniff first and only then swirl. Sweeter wines will leave thick viscous streaks.

The top part of the glass will give you the floral and fruit odours. Put your nose in and take a big deep sniff to cross the threshold of sensitivity—to get that first impression of the wine before olfactory fatigue sets in after a few seconds. The best time to smell is in the afternoon when both your nostrils are clear and smell membranes sensitive.

Before you do that tilt the glass away from you ( or Emily Post will make fun of you  ) and look at the edge of the liquid against a white tablecloth—to judge hue and clarity.


Older wines are darker and will have an orange tinge at the edge. We on chemical tankers who do wallwash tests with Methanol are experts in all this.

Now sip up enough wine to swirl and slosh it around in your mouth to that every corner of your tongue , for viscosity and tannins. Allow the wine to settle on your lower mouth and now slurp in air to make the volatile parts travel to the back of your nasal cavity for the aroma.  Swallow and feel the after taste , alcohol content , acidity, and linger. . Inhale retro nasally to give a hit to the five million nerve cells


Now remember the best and most famous wine tasters of this planet have been served the same vine from the same bottle and come up with hilarious differences, and branded one as cheap and other a expensive vintage.  


A little bit of temperature difference can affect the judgement. White wine is always chilled and red wine at room temperature—this means about 18 deg C—NOT 32 deg C like in India. Lower temperatures mute the aromatics . Aromatics get liberated inside the warm mouth. It is through the aroma that the wine is actually tasted.


This is different from bouquet which refers to smell from fermentation , exposure to oak, and ageing. Scientists use Gas Chromatograph mass spectrometers to analyse the aromas, as wine makers have started using illegal flavourings. On Chemical tankers we use Gas ion Chromatographs to find the chlorides.

One of my European Chief Engineers used to tell me how he makes wine in his house when he is on leave, and he would show me pictures. He would put a latex glove on the neck of the vat.  When the limp glove gets filled with gas and then becomes limp again—that is the time to start drinking. He was firmly convinced that drinking lot of red wine with flavonoids makes you live longer and can prevent heart attack —till I told his that is all bull dished out by the wine-mafia.

Chilean wines are good as the grapes in that part of the world is NOT affected by louses and fungi. Chile lies in one corner of the world, totally sanitized by the Andes mountain range. The climate is temperate , due to the cold Humboldt ocean current, and the soil rich in minerals, highly permeable and well draining.


There is low rainfall , clear sunny skies, hot days and cool nights for colour and aroma , no frost because of unpolluted winds from the Pacific, which again means no fungus and louses. . This means acid, sweet tannins and alcohol are in balance.


I love to have a reasonably priced, classic, red Don Melchor Cabernet Sauvignon ( Concha Y Toro )  from the Maipo valley—just because I have visited the place and made a mental connection.  


You will love any Merlot or Carmenere wine with delightful blends of unique flavours and a dash of minerality.


Aromas? 

Chocolate, caramalised nuts, strawberry, plums, leather and earth, blackberries, raspberries, cherries, cracked pepper, candy berry, fresh rose, spicy red berry, coconut, olives, figs, marsh mellow, toasted nuts, prunes, pineapple, peaches, lemon curd, banana, apricot, lychee, minty black currant, coffee, custard, exotic herbs

—want any more?




Every time you sign off or join a ship at a Chilean port, usually you have to have a long drive from the Capital city of Santiago. It is delightful to see the ORGANIC vineyards against the Andes backdrop along the highway, where the long hang grapes are ripened in the sun before harvest.


Word of caution from a mariner—don’t buy vintage Chilean wines of El Nino years. You can get these years on the internet.


Chile has started worrying the traditional winemakers in France, USA, Australia , South Africa and Italy, who market their pathetic products aggressively. 

China and India have realized like Capt Ajit Vadakayil, that Chilean wine gives the best value for money.


I wonder if I should charge the Chilean government for this support via a universally well red blog post.



The video above allow does not show the SLURP ( which must be done atleast thrice ). Only pros slurp ( see below ) as they spit the wine out -- the amateurs dont slurp, as they swallow the wine.


If a Chilean wine does NOT appeal to your, just allow the wine to breathe for a while .  The open wine bottle is never corked. If you cork it in a classy restaurant the waiters will give sarcastic smiles to each other .  Red wine goes with red meats. 

Dont believe the Western propaganda on internet that Cheap Chilean wine tastes cheap-- so says Capt Ajit Vadakayil.
*******************************************************************************
SAI BABA EXPOSED ? -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
Sai Baba did NOT have to resort to such cheap street magician tricks. 

He was indeed a healer with powers.


My ship had just arrived in USA and lot of port officials came to my cabin. 

One of them was a ship chandler and I told him that I will not be needing any provisions.  

Later after I had finished with everybody including the agent, I noticed that this chandler was waiting outside my cabin in the alleyway. He said he wants to talk to me , so I called him back in, and said I will just spare 2 minutes. 

It so transpired that he was with me for an hour .

His wife was diagonised with breast cancer . They had taken several opinions and all cancer hospitals told her the same thing.  

It is too late.

One of her friends told her to fly to India ( Puttuparthi ) and meet Sai Baba. 

She did that and was sitting in the thronging crowd. Sai Baba came and just looked deep into her eyes for 2 seconds. She felt some warm flooding feeling--that was all. She did NOT get a chance to meet him, as there were too many people.

When she came back to USA , she went to the same hospitals and all of them were amazed, that she has NO traces of cancer cells in her body.

He wanted to know , how this is possible. 

When my wife did her Lighterian Reiki for Cancer healing ( she was already a Reiki grandmaster ) , the Guru -- took her to a room with about 50 photographs and told her to divine and find out where the energy imparted to her was coming from. 

She found it coming with resonating force from Sai Baba's photo,  and she told so.  The Guru agreed-- and he said that Sai baba himself refused to accept that this strain of healing energy is his!





In this video he has it in his mouth, right?



He must have a lot of hidden pills in the video below, right?




Sai Baba had 110 million followers world wide, a lot of them Westerners , who ignored their Vatican sponsored governments travel advisories , that he is a sexual pervert -- are all of them in 129 countries fools ? 

His funeral was attended by 540000 devotees including Dalai Lama and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.




Matter is created by vibrations. Everything is longitudinal sound.
*******************************************************************************
STEVE JOBS , THE ANSWER IS BLOWING IN THE WIND-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


ADIOS STEVE JOBS--WHY CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL DOES NOT USE APPLE PRODUCTS-- CONFLICT BLOOD MINERALS SOURCED BY APPLE FROM CONGO

Two days ago Steve Jobs passed away due to Cancer.  Eulogies -nay -elegies are still pouring in.

I must opine that , yes--  INNOVATOR and showman Steve Jobs made his mark on this planet, with his army of genius worker drones --  

-- but he is the dirt under the finger nail of  INVENTOR Nikola Tesla who made a dent in the universe, single handedly. 

We must not lose track of reality here.

Steve Jobs backpacked and travelled to India by the usual Hippie trail, as a 18 year old , with his friend Dan Kottke ( who was the first employee at Apple ) in 1974. The hippie movement had fizzed out in India by that time. 

Hippies were non-violent young Westerners from USA and Europe, who were anti-establishment, and believed in simple living, peace, love for beauty and large hearted giving . Today we have the information super highway afforded by internet and Google and Apple due to these un-selfish hippies.

Steve Jobs went back to USA as a Buddhist and a vegetarian . He used to wear loose Indian clothes, and would fast once in a while. He also experimented with LSD.  His marriage in 1991 was solemnised by a Buddhist monk.

While in India he got thrashed royally by a near mob for insulting a cow.  So goodbye nostalgia!

I am reminded of an incident 20 years ago, when my ship's agent in one of the US ports told me that he had been to India, including Mumbai . So I asked him to name one street in Mumbai. He gave me the name of a Police station in Mumbai and he said he was imprisoned there for one night. 

It so transpired that a cow sat in the middle of the road, creating a huge traffic jam. So our man gets frisky, gets down from his cab, walks up to the cow happily sitting and chewing cud , and gives one resounding kick on her poor backside.  Needless to say all onlookers were aghast-- and since he appeared to be too smug about his singular deed , he had to cool his heels in the police lock up for one night. Or the policemen would have got lynched.

I told him " Who the fuc# told you to kick a holy Indian cow in India , and that too in front of a crowd-- serves you right, for being a moron ! "  and we both had a huge laugh.

Probably the royal thrashing by a mob, the death of his chosen Guru just before he arrived in India, and acute dysentry which he picked up-- made him lose India in the blind sector of his radar. India would never ever come up again in his script. Till he died he treated India like a pariah market, unlike his competition who pro-actively wooed India. 

I would say, India gave him answers which " flew in the wind!" .  Bob Dylan , another American Hippie of the sixties wrote a classic song on this theme.

Ironically the day he died , India took out her answer to I Pad. A fabulous touch tablet computer for just 35 US dollars , 15 times cheaper than Apple's cheapest model. Now why is this statement so dang important? Coz Steve Jobs made sure apple products are priced more in India that the rich West. 

I know this because I bought a I phone for my son in Chennai. When my son moved to USA, he left his apple I-phone behind, as it will NOT work in USA. For every small addition he had to use his credit card and download the program from the net. These are all hidden costs. You cant even back up your IPod on your computer.

I dont use that phone, despite it obvious high tech features and smooth finger touch screen. For the same reason I dont drink Starbucks coffee. Steve Jobs knew very well about the conflict minerals ( tungsten, gold, tantalum ) from Congo. He could have done something for that desperately poor nation. Bill Gates has done a lot for charity-right?  Yes, 1/3 of his wealth. Bill gates made his products cheap and accessible to the poor third world, right? This is the meaning of being human. 


Steve Job's motivating "read out from a paper" speech at Stanford University USA, in 2005,  is below. I still wonder if he was such a genius , why could he not do it extempore.




QUOTE : Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of other’s opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary UNQUOTE

Let me put down the immortal song of hippie Bob Dylan, who like Steve Jobs was savvy in re-inventing himself , developing THE mystique , and getting a halo on his head..  Excellent marketeers both, who surrounded themselves with awesome talent ! Both were arrogant innovators.





How many roads must a man walk down,
before you call him a man?
How many seas must a white dove sail,
before she sleeps in the sand?
And how many times must a cannon ball fly,
before they're forever banned?

The answer my friend is blowing in the wind,
the answer is blowing in the wind.

How many years can a mountain exist,
before it is washed to the sea?
How many years can some people exist,
before they're allowed to be free?
And how many times can a man turn his head,
and pretend that he just doesn't see?

The answer my friend is blowing in the wind,
the answer is blowing in the wind.

How many times must a man look up,
before he sees the sky?
And how many ears must one man have,
before he can hear people cry ?
And how many deaths will it take till we know,
that too many people have died?

The answer my friend is blowing in the wind,
the answer is blowing in the wind.

The answer my friend is blowing in the wind,
the answer is blowing in the wind.

(Fading out)

Love you Bob , wish all the Jews were like you!

There is this true story about “asshole “ Steve Jobs, who was prone to mental bleeding "menses" . He had to interview a candidate who applied for a job.
He sarcastically starts off by asking “How old were you when you lost your virginity?"
The candidate was taken aback, bu kept quiet.
“What did you say?” “Are you a virgin?” Jobs asks again.
Now the candidate was really flustered.
Steve Jobs attacks again  “How many times have you taken LSD?”
One of the panel Hertzfeld recalled, “The poor guy was turning varying shades of red, so I tried to change the subject and asked a straight forward technical question.”
But when the candidate started responding , Jobs crashes in again and snarls “Gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble,”.
So the poor gut tells Smith and Hertzfeld. “I guess I’m not the right guy here!” .
He got up quietly and left.


Wisdom is the only weapon which follows the owner everywhere. Without positive emotions man cant be happy. A wise man can live in peace with things he cannot change. Make most of the best and least of the worst. No dream can become true unless you have some skill and go to work. Belief is the power behind all accomplishments. The man who wins is the man who thinks he can. Faith and trust are the seeds which bring the sweet fruits of success. Will power is the decision to carry on the fight. Self esteem is required to make a person mentally healthy. We need family and friends to improve our emotional health. No one can lead a healthy life in isolation. An unusual amount of commonsense is called wisdom. Wisdom is discriminating between right and wrong. Knowledge is about knowing more and more— wisdom is about knowing less and less. To be successful you must be exited about life. Life is a festival only to those who live with enthusiasm. 





If your life is devoid of opportunities then you are not taking enough risks. It is not enough to aim, you must hit. Failure to hit the bulls eye is never the fault of the target. Belief in predetermined destiny is the only refuge of weak minds. Take responsibility for your failures. Laughter is the cheapest luxury, it electrifies the nerves and cleanses the system. A prayer is to the soul what air is to the lungs. There is a difference between planning and worrying. Planning is constructive, worry is destructive. Jealousy is poison for the soul. Better to forgive and forget than hate and remember. Fear tends to produce the things we are afraid of. The blatant display of status symbols is the result of low self esteem. The self confident person can afford to project a modest image. The best time to solve a problem is as soon at it happens. The purpose of life is not only to be happy, but also to be creative , productive and useful— to make a difference that you lived at all on this planet.



This is the essence of what Steve Jobs came to India for.



THERE ARE NO BLACK AND WHITE ANSWERS TO LIFE.   EVERYTHING COMES IN SHADES OF GREY. 

HINDUISM , THE 11500 YEAR OLD RELIGION, HAS ALWAYS GIVEN ANSWERS TO LIFE MANAGEMENT.



5.2 MILLION PEOPLE HAVE DIED IN CONGO SINCE 1999. MOST OF THE METALS AND MINERALS USED FOR APPLE CIRCUIT BOARD COME FROM CONGO.

Like Starbucks bleeding Ethiopia, Apple had bled Congo. In as much as I-Phones are called genocide phones. Super rich Apple has used sweat shops in China, with several suicides due to work pressure and low wages. . These workers who committed suicide were not given compensation to teach future suicide party a lesson. 

You cant hurt people on whom your rely for your prosperity--it you have a ETHICS POLICY. I am sure India did NOT teach him this cruel lesson , when he came here for spiritual answers.

Why do I call Apple super rich--for very soon they will be richer than Microsoft and Intel combined--as they have offshore tax havens. Bill Gates could have become richer if he had priced his PCs' more in third world countries where it sold millions.

So better and better products for the rich man, let the poor man be damned, right? Adam Smith , the great hedonist cum capitalist , would have been thrilled. 

Let nobody forget Dr. henry Edward Roberts who first designed a PC in 1975. 



Does anybody know or care for Hungarian super-genuis , Von Neumann who designed the first computer in 1952, still used in Cray systems.



Steve Jobs has NOT invented a single thing, though he innovated and revolutionized--it pays to remember this.  

Today a Nokia phone is used extensively in India because it is cheap and reliable. Yes-- good technology for the masses. 

Thank god Steve Jobs , (who will never drown out his inner voice ) , was NOT a leader in the pharmaceutical industry-- the rich man would have his fantastic medicines-- right?



Steve Jobs has listed himself as CO-INVENTOR of 103 separate Apple patents. Just like Edison who never invented a single thing, but has maximum patents in his name -- everything was done by the scientists he employed, but hogged all credit for himself.  It is Bill Gates who will leave a legacy behind, NOT super-tyrant Steve Jobs.


So many people gushing over Steve Jobs just because he died really disgusts me. Why all this undue praise for a  man who overpriced everything he sold and sued everyone that made the product better.

What groundbreaking thing has he done other than heading a company which made an over rated piece of technology ?  Has he made this planet a better place by inventing polio vaccine?  Did he develop cold fusion? 

Calling him a visionary is an insult to people like Nikola Tesla who really are. Could this planet have not done without I pad and I phone? Why do we have such bullshit confused priorities?

He denied his  own once-illegitimate daughter and she had to live on welfare for 2 years because he just being himself.  He even denied paternity by claiming he was sterile.

After resuming control of Apple in 1997, Steve Jobs eliminated all previous corporate philanthropy programs.

When he met President Obama after sulking for a week (because Obama did NOT personally ask him), and they finally, Jobs was characteristically prickly and blunt.  “You’re headed for a one-term presidency,” he told Obama at the start of their meeting,

America is being its decadent self when her denizens idolize whoever makes the newest and most popular piece of nonsense technology. Yes, go ahead and idolize your Paris Hiltons and Kim Kardashians --be my guest.

Why do people all over the world use Windows? Because Steve Jobs was being himself when his king sized ego forced him to lock Apple out of the market. Never confuse invention with innovation . Furthermore never confuse innovation with glorified craftmanship .

Apple tries to imprison you , with no way out.. The iPod is a poor gimmick, it forces you to use iTunes to transfer music to it. Every other mp3 players allowed drag and drop transfer of universal music files. 

The iPad was not even he first tablet computer, just the first one to be popular. Steve Jobs would  stand competition innovation only his self righteous terms.

Steve Jobs, with his technological creepy marketing-created cult and the sweat factories in China where slaves build the iPad and iPhone, only made this planet worse.  Humans become a bit more monstrous each time they exchange wholesome human emotions for the cold and empty worship of glitzy electronic gadgets.

VLSI Technology, a chip company, was having trouble delivering enough chips on time.   Jobs stormed into a meeting and started shouting that they were "f*cking d*ckless assholes."    The company ended up getting the chips to Apple on time, and its executives made jackets that boasted on the back, "Team FDA."

Daniel Kottke was one of Apple's first employees and was even a personal friend of Jobs — the two traveled around India together in 1974. But for some reason, Jobs never set him up with stock options.
Rod Holt, Apple's vice president of engineering, confronted Jobs with this, saying, "Whatever you give him, I will match it."
Steve said, "OK. I will give him zero."


When MobileMe launched in the summer of 2008, it was plagued with problems. People had trouble getting their data to sync to the cloud and across their devices.
The press, including the WSJ's Apple enthusiast Walt Mossberg, slammed MobileMe as an unfinished product.
To address the problem, Jobs gathered the MobileMe team in Apple's auditorium and asked: "Can anyone tell me what MobileMe is supposed to do?" When the team gave their answers, Jobs replied, "Then why the f*ck doesn't it do that?"
Jobs then fired the MobileMe boss on the spot and replaced him with Eddie Cue.


When Steve had to make cutbacks at Pixar, he fired people and didn’t give any severance pay.  Pamela Kerwin, an early Pixar employee, pleaded that employees at least be given two weeks notice.  

“OK,” the psychopath said, “but the notice is retroactive from two weeks ago.”


Bottom line: Any idiot can surround himself with outstanding geniuses in the field and harrass them in a mean manner, till they deliver a damn good product--and then claim all the credit for himself.    

This is only possible in a organisation where there is NIL transparency and everything is on a strict "need to know" basis.
*******************************************************************************
THE WORST RACISTS ON PLANET EARTH- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


WHAT NAMBOOTHIRI DOT COM WEBSITE WONT TELL YOU —   MOST DISGRACEFUL AND FOUL RACIST SYSTEM IN KERALA INVENTED BY NAMBOOTHIRI BRAHMINS.




Yes, the worst racists on this planet ever
WERE ( past tense )  the Namboothiri 

Brahmins of Kerala.

We had racism all over the world, but this takes the cake. Read and understand what went on in my home state of Kerala for 6000 years.

Namboodiris form a very minuscule percentage of Kerala’s population today less than 0.188%.  These Aryan Indians arrived from the Saraswati river region ( near Indus ) 6000 years ago, after a tectonic shift caused the river to be non-perennial. They walked along the west coast of India till they reached Kerala. At that time the local Dravidian population of Kerala worshipped nature, and they lived in harmony. 



Namboodiris came along with Lord Parashurama, who was the Guru of Guru Dronacharya, who in turn was the Guru of the Pandavas and Kauravas of Mahabharata epic. Parashurama , considered an avatar of Vishnu, was a fierce warrior saint and was the great grandson of Brighu rishi.  He was the youngest of the 5 children of Jamagdhani and Renuka. One day King Sahsrarjuna killed his father. Seeing his mother totally distraught, he flew into a terrible rage and killed Sahsrarjuna and all his sons  swore to kill every Kshatriya of the clan.  Continuing in the vein of frenzy, he started chasing and killing every warrior ( who was not married)  of the Kshatriya clan , with his battle axe, till his grandfather Richeek Rishi stopped him.




Above --an Antharjanam with marakuda , wending her way to the temple.





Lord Parashurama accompanied the Namboodiri Brahmins and came to Kerala, seized all lands and donated it to them. The term “Parashurama threw his axe and reclaimed Kerala from the Arabian sea” must be read in this context.  Parashurama re-claimed the land from the original landowners.  He has NOT thrown his axe and created a tsunami.  Nobody dared oppose Lord Parashurama or get on his wrong side.


 The Namboodiris who studied the Vedas and knew Sanskrit, had their tails up and they devised the most bizarre and cruel social system on earth.

The 8000 year old Vedic caste system of Sanatana Dharma was called Chaturvarna, or a 4 tiered system for team dynamics.  It was graded inequality to sustain society in a harmonious manner — Brahmins ( knowledge , spiritual matters ) , Kshatriyas ( executive matters and defence ) , Vaishyas ( skilled workers and traders ) , Sudras ( unskilled labourers ).  


On a ship we have a crew list. Everybody cannot be Captains. There are various grades including navigators, engineers, crew, cooks etc—every body has a role so that the ship runs smoothly in a optimum manner .  The wages are not the same. The cabin comforts are not the same. This does NOT mean that Captain can shit on the faces of his engineers, or he can force his officers wives to expose their tits , or have sex with them— just because he is superior in the pecking order.

The crafty Namboodiris , under the “so called patronage of Parashurama “ made they own corrupt system. They are the Brahmins, who will hold the land —everybody else are untouchables. Even the King ( from Khatriya clan ) was subservient to these chosen men of Parashurama.

They gave big bullshit ( this is NOT mentioned in the Rig Veda of 5000 BC ) that Brahmins wee created from the face of Brahma the creator, the Kshatriyas from the hands, Vaishyas from the thighs and Sudras from the feet. And since Brahmins came from the head , they deserve the highest respect and must control the rest. 

Again let me repeat-- this terrific LIE is 

NOT mentioned in the original Rig Veda.



Parashurama came in 4000 BC from Saraswati river along with the Brahmins. He drove away the Thiyyas. He then donated all lands to the newly formed class, Namboodiris- who would geminate and produce their own Kshatriya Nair class. The ordinary people of Kerala suffered from Vishnu’s two avatars. Vamana  avatar who killed the beloved Asura king ( Thiyyas were the Asuras ) Mahabali and later Parashurama , to grab the lands and donate it to Namoodiris.


During the reign of King Vikramaditya in 7000 BC, the people of Kerala called Thirayyar ( sea warriors ) did trade with the Island of Crete.  


The patron saint of the Kerala Thirayyars  is  Rishi Therayar , the first disciple of Maharishi Agastya . Agastya , the greatest of the Sapt Rishis, also famous as the first of the Siddhas , who also founded the Kalari Payattu art of fighting.


There was a great tectonic shift and volcanic activity in 5000 BC ,  and then trade was abandoned.  Some settled down in Judea. They lived on the seaward side of Western Ghats of Kerala while the Malayyars being highlanders lived on the landwards side. Today these people are called Thiyyas in Kerala, with a matrilineal society which rest of India did NOT have.. Till Parashurama came there did not do Vedic worship. Today their Tantric worship forms called Theyyam can be seen in some temples of Kerala.

To make sure the land never left their hands , they devised a method where only the eldest son of the Namboodiri family will marry . The rest of the sons will make “ sambandham “ from pretty women of the lower castes who were more fair skinned than the others. These sambandham children will NOT be Namboodiri brahmins.  
This means they could walk in into any house and screw the daughter or the wife, and produce children. This was the will of God, they did propaganda – as per Vedic system.

Over time a new clan with Namboodiri-Nair children came up.  

This mixed clan grew in numbers very fast.  Just like  the Anglo Indian clan of India, during British/ Portuguese  rule who had the white man's gene. The Madame Chutney Mary and brown sahib Pickle John  Anglo Indians were loyal to the white man in a strange manner, though most of them were illegitimate backyard products . When a white British man told a Anglo Indian half breed to jump, he asked only " How high sir?" --never -- Why? - ditto with Nairs when it came to Namboodiri orders.



This new " NAIR CLAN" became very subservient and dependant on the Namboodiris who held all the land, in an agricultural society with abundant spice cash crops.  This clan today includes Menon, Nambiar, Pillai, Kurup, Adiyodi, Asan, Eradi, Kaimal, Kartha, Nayanar, Nayars, Menoki, Achan, Thampi, Vellodi, Panickar, Unnithan etc.

In time the Nair clan became the henchmen of Namboodiris, for financial benefits . Good exchange this—sex for money. They became the warrior class.  They stayed in clusters in and  around the Namboodiri Mana or Illam ( house ) . They would not step out of their houses without weapons.  They learnt Kalari martial arts from the age of 7.  They enforced the cruel caste system of Kerala, the way the Namboodiris wanted it. 

The Vedas talk about BrahmAn as god ( CONSCIOUSNESS )—the BrahmIns went around saying that it was referring to them them, and not god.  

I have yet to see a living Namboodiri who understands the meaning of "consciousness".


The Nairs themselves could never touch a Namboodiri, and had to be 6 feet away (theenda padu ).  But Namboodiris could have sex with their wives and daughters. Being the warrior class Nairs could have stopped this anytime, over the years , but this parasitic clan did not.

The king was made to understand that Namboodiris are the ambassadors of god, and even he had to bow to them. Every word from a Namboodiris mouth was the word of god. They styled themselves different from the Brahmins of other parts of India. 

Other Brahmins wore a poonool or holy sash of 2 threads while a Namboodiri wore only one. Other Brahmins chanted Mantras while bathing, while Namboodiris would not. Brahmin women wore white cloth only when she became a widow, while Namboodiri women always wore white.  Other Brahmin women don’t observe pardah, while a Namboodiri woman can show her face on to to her husband, not even her father and brothers. 

Other Brahmins tie their hair behind their heads while a Namboodiri will tie his hair towards the side. 




Above: Namboodri male hair do, a tuft to the side for easy recognition..

The Kerala Namboodiris would do work only related to Vedic knowledge or rituals.


 It was the Nairs job to enforce the illegal Vedic law, or the so called “will of God “  that all lower caste women has to expose their breasts in public and not cover the legs below the knees.  


Above: A low caste girl

This “exposing breasts” in public  thing which ran for nearly 6000 years stopped only 99 years ago. 




Above: A Nair girl

The punishment for non-compliance could be as severe as losing both breasts.


The Namboodiris allowed the Nairs only to fight.  Most of the Nairs never saw old age, as they died in battle . As a result they were NOT mentally geared to takes up any responsibility of family life and kept themselves detached from emotions. 

Married Nair women were free to choose their multiple lovers. Namboodiris who came for Sambandham went back in the morning after a ritual bath. Since the man can stop visiting when was fed up, the same way a Nair woman can ask for divorce any time she feels like. She just ritually returns the pudava cloth he gave her. Both of them can remarry. A widow Nair woman can remarry. In South Malabar a woman got more respect if she was servicing as many as a dozen men. The men used to share the expenses. It was common for several Nair brothers to share a wife.

The low caste women could not wear jewellery. All lower castes has to keep a fixed distance from a Namboodiri so as NOT to defile him. This ranged from 6 feet for Nairs to 64 for Pulayas, to 72 feet for Paraya ,Ullatan, Nayadikal, Kadar caste – all in multiples of 6 . 

It must be remembered that the 7000 year old Vedas, do NOT pemit untouchability, leave alone all these ridiculous distnces.

The cottom mundus had to be blackened with ash even if new.  No footwear or umbrella was allowed,in a region where it rains 7 months in a year. When  the Namboodiris walked along the outdoor paths, they would shout HOOOY .  The low caste then has to shout NJAAVOO (  njaan evidee undooo ) for the Namboodiri to slow down his passage and for the low caste to quickly hide behind a tree or melt away behind a bush or just make himself scarce.  

The low castes had to cover their mouths with palms while speaking. They could NOT refer to themselves as ME or I—it have to be a subservient bowed pose, using  self denouncing speech in  approved “adiyan”  format.



The lower castes could not do the work of higher castes. He could not drink water from a high caste well. His children could not go to school. He could not visit the temple.  He could not go to the market, where high castes go. He could not put tiles on his house or have double storeys or have a  gate and walls.

The over smartness of the Namboodiris were their own undoing.  They did NOT have the brains to figure out that they all killing their own race, in the greed to hold on to all the land, by preventing subdivision and fragmentation. . 


Until 1933, only the eldest Namboodiri son was allowed to marry within the Namboodiri caste in the traditional Rig Veda ritual style called Veli Othu..  If any younger brother marries a Namboodiri woman he is excommunicated. So the Nair clan encouraged the Namboodiris to fornicate with their sisters and daughters. And some of the pretty Nair women would has about two dozen men servicing her regularly.  Apparently it was a great honour to be screwed by so many holy dongs.  


They were so servile that they thought Namboodiri blood would purify their race. Today they realize that a Namboodiri man or woman is an inferior race due to inbreeding.  No Namboodiri man can dream of winning any national athletic event, or pass an IIT entrance exam forcream subjects, or win a strength contest or even a good looker contest. Most are slothful and not firm limbed .  

No Namboodiri woman can ever dream of winning a beauty contest.  Yes they could get up in the morning at 4 AM and study hard and score well in an academic exam, but when IQ is required , like for an IIT entrance exam, they come a cropper every time.


So the younger brothers had no choice but to have SAMBANDHAM ( illicit liason ) with a Nair woman or a low caste woman. No Vedic system will ever allow this—this was a Namboodiri creation to have free sex with attractive women which their race did not have ..  And they were all so happy , for most Namboodiri woman look insipid ..  


She was not allowed to comb her hair or put a bindi( pottu ) . Namboodiri women are called Antharjanams ( the ones who live indoors ). They led a strange secluded life. If at all she has to go out to some temple, or to visit a relative, she has to cover her face with a palm leaf umbrella, and be accompanied by a Nair maid walking in front, keeping a hawks eye for infidelity or if this frustrated woman is  doing “mental copulation” with some one on the way..


The Namboodiri pattern was strangely to keep their own women virgins. Even if the eldest Namboodiri son marries a Nambodiri woman he can keep up to 5 wives, and he can also go for “sambandham” liasons.  The antharjamam was allowed only praying, a bath and cooking in the kitchen. Antharjanams could NOT wear gold jewellery, but they were allowed silver and brass. Widows cannot remarry and she is ignored and becomes an inanimate object of contempt . Even married Antharjanams die without enjoying the meaning of good sex or motherhood, for her Namboodiri husband will be having many illicit liaisons with whom familiarity has not yet bred contempt.. 




Above: A namboodiri family
Many young Namboodiri girls were married off to old Namboodiri men who could not even have sex. So many Namboodiri women were spinsters and virgins at the time of death. Their lives were really sad.  She had to eat in the same banana leaf used by her husband.  Some antharjanam could not get married due to the dowry expenses involved. Finally they land up being the fifth wife of some Namboodiri. A Namboodiri woman can never marry a Nair man or have sex with him.

If a married Namboodiri girl has sex with another namboodiri or a Nair she is excommunicated after a most elaborate 6 stage trial termed smarthavicharam. The first stage is daasi vicharam (the trial of the maidservant ) in which a prima facie report is taken from the maid of the suspected Antharjanam's sexual misdeeds or lack of mental chastity.  Personal affections are placed on the back burner. If there is prima facie evidence (sangayum thurumbum), the Antharjanam is isolated, anchampurayilackal (isolating the accused in a special cell) - the second stage.  
After the woman is isolated, the head of the family informs the ruler about the trial, and the king sends four lawyers, together with a smarthan (the judge) and Brahmin representative of the king. The lawyers, in consultation with the representatives of the king, prepare the questions. The third stage involves questioning by the smarthan regarding the status of the accused as a Antharjanam. The smarthan questions her sitting outside of her cell without seeing her. 

The questioning will continue for several sessions - sometimes for several days - until the accused accepts the allegations and becomes a Saathanam or is proved innocent. The accused woman is subjected to physical torture during this time. A popular method was to pack the guilty woman in a pullupaya mat, like a dead body, and roll it from the housetop. Other women were also forced to carry out torture to make the accused confess her guilt.  Rats, snakes and scorpions were driven into the isolation cell of the Saathanam.
It must be remembered that those close blood relatives living under the same roof until the woman became an accused undertook such inhuman types of torture. The literal meaning of Saathanam is inanimate object. A Saathanam loses her status as an Antharjanam, and the smarthan questions the Saathanam face to face to get the names of the jaarans (the men involved).
It was not enough that the Saathanam names the jaarans, but she had to prove it, specifying some body mark in the private parts of the man thus named. The trial would continue until the smarthans are convinced there aint no more jaarans. The king would be informed of the men involved in the offence.  If the accused men denied the accusation, they were subjected to sathiyapariksha (a test of truth) at a Suchidran temple to prove their innocence.
The fourth stage is sorupamchollal: if the accused men are found innocent through the test, they are declared innocent. The fifth stage is dehavichedam in which the Saadhanam, as well as the involved guilty men, are ceremoniously excommunicated. In the sixth stage, sudhabhojanam (pure meal), there is a sharing of a meal among the accused and the trial team once the accused is proved innocent.
The last reported smarthavicharam took place in 1918, but the most famous was the samarthvicharam of Kuriyedath Dhatri. This attractive woman  had sexually entertained 65 jaarans, and she remembered the body marks of them all , including the sizes of their dongs, to substantiate her "naming" the men.  It is said that the smarthans stopped questioning her when it was almost clear that the 65th jaaran to be named was the king himself, and the situation became too hot to handle. 



An Antharjanam who has sex with a low caste man is made an out caste and driven away from the mana or Illam. She is deprived of her breast cloth and Marakuda veil or palm umbrella . She is gransferred to an isolation cell called Achampura or Pacholapura. Her funeral rites are conducted in the Vedic manner, and now she is a saadhanam or inanimate object. Then she will roam around as a beggar or marry some low caste man or even be sold as a slave to Muslims ( mulappedi, mannapedi ) .



Once the Palakkad Namboodiris prevented their King from marrying a attractive low caste girl , he was in love with. They threatened that they wold stop doing pujas in the temples, and then all hell would break loose due to god's wrath. Immediately the opportunistic Tamil Brahmins held secret negotiations with the king and told him that they would solemnize his marrriage. Their condition was that all Namboodiris ( who looked down on Tamil brahmins ) must be banished from Palakkad. So this is what the desperate king did. He just drove away all the Namboodiris to Payyanur , and today in Palghat , Tamil Brahmins are everywhere in Agraharams, you find only 21st century Namboodiris there.

By Sambandham a Nair woman could initiate , consent to or terminate a sexual relationship . A Namboodiri would come after dark, screw his Nair woman , in full knowledge of her father, brothers  or husband and leave after taking a ritual bath in the morning, to wash off pollution.  Nair girls would be dressed in colorful clothes, wearing gold jewellery , anointed with perfumes.




The children of Sambandham were legitimate, but without rights to succession, inheritance  and property. . This son could not eat or bathe with his father, as they were still untouchables .  This small boy cannot even visit his father for financial help in the Mana or Illam. So though the Namboodiris held on to their land, their population came down drastically.
Even the sight of a low caste man made the Namboodiri  polluted, and he had to ritually purify himself by taking a bath.  Till he takes a bath he wont eat. But if the same low caste man was converted to a Christian of a Muslim yesterday—then it was OK.

In Kerala we dont have a cluster or houses in a village like else where in India. Here the houses are widely separated, due to the Namboodiri Jenmi holding land and leasing it out for rent in form of money and produce. 

With the new land act, Namboodiris lost all their lands , as a ceiling was created that you cant hold too much land over a limit. It is now against the law to lease land. The temples under the Namoodiris lost their abundant income. 

So few years ago US president Bill Clinton came to Indian Parliament and said “ Why cant the rest of India be like Kerala?” . For the social indicators or Kerala are better than that of Scandinavian countries.
Well Bill, you must read this post. There is NO way a Namboodiri  is  gonna own up to all the shocking truths written above. 



Above a quintessential Namboodiri, with narrow shoulders, tuft titties, big bottoms and a gargantuan pot belly.
Most of the attractive Nair girls in Sambandham to frail repulsively ugly old Namboodiris were just about 13 years old, immediately after their first menses. We had institutionalized rape out here, by subverting the holy Vedas. 
Swami Vivekananda on his way to meditate at the sea rock of Cape Comorin, saw all this and was aghast.  
He wrote down " Kerala is a MAD HOUSE!" .

He found that the 13 year old attractive Nair girls families felt privileged to be mauled by a lecherous old ugly drooling Namboodiri with 5 wives, who could not even get his manhood up erect. 


Today the same Nairs and Namoodiris people cry foul over Mullahs subverting Islam from a mosque. At least Mullahs are NOT sexual perverts. 

Ibn Batuta had given detailed accounts of the girls exposing their breasts in public in Kerala. When he was annointed the mullah at the new mosque in Maldives, by Calicut King Zamorin, Ibn Batuta tried to make the young Muslim women cover up their breasts and wear purdah, and he fell into heavy opposition-- for as per local custom this " bouncing bare breasts in public " was just normal culture.

He was then told by Zamorin to FO el pronto , and not to create disharmony--and then he left for Sri Lanka. 




Today the Kerala population percentages are Hindus 55% ,Muslims 25%, Christians 20%.  Out of the Hindus Thiyyas/ Ezhavas are the majority with 25% and Nairs and they groups at 13%.

The extraordinary high rate of Hindu conversions to Muslim, Christian ( 45% of the population, which includes forced ones ) are thanks to the Namboodiris, who made life tough for all Hindus.

The Khilafat movement in Kerala ( 1921 ) metamorphosed to the oppressed landless Mappilas ( muslims ) revolting against the high handedness of the  landowning Namboodiris and Nairs -- some being chopped up by swords for retribution .   One lakh high Hindus fled North Kerala in this incident called Moplah revolt ( mappila lahala ).
The idea of penning this blog , is to preserve history in the right persepective.  The young Kerala Christians and Muslims must know what drove away their fore fathers from a fantastic Sanatana Dharma-- and why we in Kerala churned out generations of atheist communists, who lost faith in the supreme.



I could have made this post run into a hundred pages , with pictures -- it is NOT worth it!  Why create discord.  I will just put the bare minimum down, with some amount of deserved intensity.

A lot of information was provided by my own Namboodiri sailor officers and friends, talking about their own family dirt,  some of whom stay in the immediate vicinity of Guruvayur Nada. These modern youngsters (100%) and their wives , do NOT support the misdeeds of their ancestors. 

Zheng He had mentioned about a bizarre practise. One day in a year , Namboodiri women who had NO hope of getting married, could officially go out of the Mana , and get "touched" by a lower caste suitor.  This temple festival day is announced well in advance by drummers with a particular rhythmic beat, and all Namboodiri women are expected to be safe indoors.  

On this day low caste men are allowed to visit the temple.  Once a "touched" Antarjanam  declares this incident back home , she is allowed to leave the Mana for ever, by ex-communcation and lead a new happy married life. Zheng He cannot be wrong as both the British and the Portuguese too had written about this " free for all day".  

As per the British , Moosads brahmins were imported from the east coast of India , by Lord Parashurama himself  to make up for the lack of men for the Antharjanams and they were allowed to marry an Antarjanam by official "veli" rituals.  Moosads are neither namboodiris or Nairs.
I asked my good friend P. Vinod Bhattathiripad  ( Bhattatiris are the creamy layer of Namboodiris ) who runs NAMBOODIRI DOT COM site, a history knowledge quiz.   This was in reponse to his claim that his web site about Namboodiris is used by all Western Universities -- and he rattled off lot of names in quick succession like Oxford, Cambridge , etc  hoping to impress a certain Capt Ajit Vadakayil who has been dealing with the white man for 4 decades--, of all the people .
I just asked him " Can you tell me why there are NIL Namboodiris in Palghat ?  For I dont see this in you web site " -- and he came a cropper.  

His web site highlights THE SIMPLE LIVING , HIGH THINKING WAYS of his Namboodiri clan . 

Literally the Namboodiri shit does NOT smell in the web site ( At sea , there is a popular saying " The  USCG thinks , that their shit does not smell" ).

Yes simple living -- true --
For if you strip a Namboodiri boy wearing a 3 piece suit abroad, you will still find him wearing a KONAM instead of briefs or undies, and he cannot think beyond his rice, kalan and avial ( take this as a benign joke ). 


High thinking! -- Oh yeah?

The least we talk about it the better !!


The Namboodiri excesses and arrogance was stopped by a Pulaya low caste man by the name of Ayyankali. He was a firm limbed Kalari martial arts expert. He defied the Namboodiris and Nairs and drove his bullock with clanging bells through the principal street into the market, with a turban talekettu on his head and kasavu golden braid angavastram vesti on his shoulders.


He was stopped by a bunch of angry Nairs . By the time the British had banned Nairs from carrying weapons. The Nairs found that he was too tough to handle, the moment he took out his katthi dagger. 

Mahatma Gandhi came all the way to Venganoor in 1937 to hug and congratulate Ayyankali and said " We are both fighting for freedom. Please continue your good work!". .


Today we have children of ex-indentured labour from India , living abroad who have zilch idea what mental and physical agony their forefathers went through.  

We must know our roots, if we have to do well in life.  

A lot of them who have read my post  INDENTURED COOLIE , SLAVERY RE-INVENTED VADAKAYIL have thanked me from the bottom of their hearts-- it made painful reading, but they were grateful for the truth.


The Namboodiri clan in  2011 is mostly hand to mouth now, living in abject conditions. While the rest of Kerala has prospered . Divine retribution, I must say for 6000 years of crimes against humanity.

Namboodiris while supporting the Nairs, deprived the Hindu majority Thiyyas and Ezhavas economically , as they who would NOT give their women for Sambandham in the past.



Today a Namboodiri can only dream of past glory and hubris.
The free screws with under age attractive girls, without liability and future obligations , for 6000 years , by subverting Vedas and Sanatana Dharma , has cost them dear -- as they have been reduced to a miniscule 0.188 % of the Kerala population.
The Namboodiris did NOT have much luck in screwing Nair females north of Trichur. The Thiyyas , the original inhabitants of Kerala ( who have not succumbed to Namboodiri pressure ) and the North Nairs held their own ground.

Even today no parent north or Trichur wants to give his daughter to a Southerner.

Next time anybody non-Malayali Indian or foreigner comes to Kerala, ask any parent north of Trichur this question. " Will you prefer a boy groom or a girl bride for your child from North or South Kerala?"  Take this answer as the truth.  It is a DNA program thing of revulsion to loose morals . 

Dont believe me. I could be giving you bull.

It is pretty sad to see the crumbling condition of their once glorious Manas and Illams, in prime vaastu areas -- they dont even have the money to paint the walls or windows, leave alone repair the houses.

The modern Namboodiris are all down to earth , looks like they have reprogrammed their DNA, -- there is NO more snooty behavior , at least externally -- nobody in Kerala will tolerate anymore nonsense from them. 

They no longer expect lower castes to palm their mouths while speaking to them, in a servile manner.


Imagine, these are the holier than thou folks who did pujas in our temples

YIKES!


The picture below gives some propaganda. These words are NOT there in the original Vedas. This Shudras being from the feet etc -- is all bullshit . 

This was added by the clever Brahmins , to cheat the public , and condone their HIGH HANDEDNESS-- that there have been given special powers over the rest by divinity.




By the way , when you meet a Syrian Christian in Kerala, you can be sure of one thing. 

He  is soon gonna give you UNSOLICITED bull.  That he is a Namboodiri covert, and the conversion was done by the disciple of Jesus Christ,  Saint Thomas way back in 52 D.  

Just notice the look on his adivasi type face when he tells  you this.
My advise to you is " Don't bother to react .  Just ignore and enjoy  ". 
So he is a fuc#in' prick with 4 aces, who wants another deal, right?  
TEE HEEEEE---
I wish to place on record that Namboodiris never sucked up to the white invader for sops and favours in administrative posts , like the Tamil Iyers.   And due Namboodiri efforts the Vedic Sanskrit mantras are still alive,  after 800 years of slavery.  

And even they do NOT know that Aryabhatta is Aryan Bhattathiripad of 2700 BC.

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL


EPILOGUE:
People see only what they want to see.  Appreciate the wisdom of Lord Parashurama.  

He ensured that there is NO sub-division and fragmentation of rice cultivation lands ( division of ancestral property between children ) , in a small state like Kerala.  

Today the Kerala paddy fields are too small to engage in profitable rice cultivation.



Ayurveda survived in India only because Parashurama made it compulsory to have snake temples which held priceless medicinal herbs .  In modern times we call such areas reservations— example : Tiger reserve . . 
Traditionally Ayurveda were NOT handled by Namboodiris.

Punch into Google search-
KING COBRA AND SNAKE TEMPLES OF KERALA VADAKAYIL

See the wisdom of Lord Parashurama , 6000 years ago he wanted “PRESERVATION OF VEDAS “ , “MEDICINAL HERB RESERVES “ and "PREVENTION OF SUB-DIVISION AND FRAGMENTATION OF PADDY FIELDS “ .


Grace and peace!



Note: Chunks of information in this post is obtained from people of Kerala who converted out of desperation into Islam and Christianity, from dozens of Mappilas ( Arab half breeds descendants of Moplah revolt Kalapani prisoners, now living in Andamans  ) , low caste Kerala communist atheists,  --  white skinned Kerala British administrators who wrote about this strange system , whose books are in British libraries and old book stores.— and of course young modern outlook Namboodiris themselves..
*******************************************************************************
KNOCKING ON HEAVEN'S DOOR -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


DID PAT GARRETT REALLY SHOOT AND KILL BILLY THE KID ?  EXHUMED TRUTH.

A few hours ago I saw the movie Pat Garrett and Billy the kid --starring James Coburn at Pat and Kris Kristofferson as the kid. The movie sustains what everybody wants to believe, that Pat Garrett killed Billy the Kid. 




The truth is that Pat shot someone else by mistake and he covered up everything , despite almost all knowing that something was amiss. He did NOT collect the 500 dollar bounty, his deputy Poe and his own daughter said that Billy is still alive -- for both were partners and rode together not too far away in the past.




The video below shows the track sung by Bob Dylan in the classic western movie PAT GARRETT AND BILLY THE KID , directed by genius director Sam Peckinpah.


Deputy Sheriff Colin Baker played by veteran actor Slim Pickens is mortally wounded while assisting Sheriff Pat Garrett in a shootout. Baker knows he is dying and he stumbles away from the shoot out and begins the slow walk towards the sunset, to a stream.  His wife sees him take his final steps and lets out a mournful wail. 

This walk describing the feelings of a dying sheriff , is set to the strains of Bob Dylan's famous classic song-- Knockin' on heavens door. 






The video below gives the lyrics--but it is sung by Guns and Roses. An enduring song for the ages.





Director Sam Peckinpah, made a classic movie. He was an alcoholic and had a king sized ego. 

Why not?  He was good!.



He clashed constantly during the making of the movie with James Aubrey, the powerful head of MGM, who wanted to micro-manage and cut down costs, giving him unskilled local staff from Mexico.  As a result the movie finished 3 weeks behind schedule and overshot the budget. 

The vindictive Aubrey, who had no artistic imagination, ruined the editing , cut off 18 full minutes of crucial scenes, which made Peckinpah sue MGM and demand that his name be removed from the movie credits. 



Aubrey with a monster sized ego, was the type of hard nosed number crunching guy who would tell an artist or a musician "harder, faster". This clash of personalities caused Aubrey to score brownie points , rape the movie, and it bombed at the box office. No wonder Aubrey's nick name was " the smiling cobra".  Straight talkin' Lucille Ball used to refer to him as a SOB every time.




15 years later, in 1988 Turner Home Entertainment on popular demand re-edited the whole movie, the way Sam Peckinpah would have wanted it, and the result was a classic masterpiece. This included the sequence where an aged Pat Garrett was ambushed and killed-and as we hear this gunfire, the movie flashes back to Billy the Kid--all with the soulful strains of Bob Dylan's twang..




Here is the true story--


Pat Garrett worked as a cowboy and buffalo hunter before becoming a Sheriff. The kid was his partner rider as a cowpoke. He had a reputation as a hot-tempered man, and in 1877 he killed a friend in a drunken brawl, but was acquitted on grounds of self-defense. Garrett then came to Roswell, New Mexico, where he was elected sheriff of Lincoln County in 1880.


Motivated by either a love of justice or the $500 bounty on Billy the Kid, Garrett tracked down two of the Kid's cohorts, Charles Bowdre and Tom O'Folliard, and killed them in Stinking Springs, New Mexico. Then he cornered and arrested Billy the Kid, and brought him to trial on charges of murder. After a speedy trial, the eminent outlaw was ordered to hang, but escaped from jail instead, killing two guards in the process.
It was rumoured that Pat Garrett had deliberately kept a gun for the Kid to escape in the toilet. Garrett was conveniently away from Lincoln on county business when the Kid made his escape. Rather than chase after the fugitive, Garrett kept to his ranch mending fences and attending to his cattle. In July, the Sheriff received word that the Kid was hiding out at the abandoned Fort Sumner about 140 miles west of Lincoln. Rounding up two of his deputies, John Poe and Thomas McKinney, Garrett set off in pursuit of the Kid

So pretty soon Garrett set out after his former friend. Using a mutual acquaintance to arrange a meeting on 14 July 1881, Garrett crouched in a dark room waiting for the outlaw's arrival. As soon as the door opened, Garrett shot Billy the Kid dead without a word. The truth is he shot someone else by mistake and got him buried in haste without following accepted and lawful police procedures, in between his fallen companions Tom O Folliard and Charlie Bowdre. A single tombastone was used for all 3 , with a one word epitaph "pals" engraved in it. 
Some hailed him as a hero for ending a famous criminal's life, but others called him a coward for the manner in which he lured and killed the fugitive, who was a dear friend before . Amid these whispers and aspersions, Garrett soon left his job as sheriff.


After a few years as a lawman in another county, Garrett was appointed by President Theodore Roosevelt to supervise the El Paso office of the Customs Department. Known as a gambler, heavy drinker and supremely arrogant , he  did not last long in this job either. He then quit law enforcement, and lived on a ranch with his wife and nine children, where he was generally unpopular among the locals.


Unable to make the ranch a profitable concern, he leased it to one Wayne Brazel. Soon, however, Garrett decided that he did not approve of the way Brazel was running the ranch, with goats instead of cows, which would lower its value-- and began pressuring Brazel to leave the premises. On 29 February 1908, in a heated discussion, Garrett is said to have told Brazel he would get him off the ranch, "one way or another".

Garrett then turned his back to his tenant, unzipped his pants and began to take a leak, and he was shot twice and killed. Brazel claimed self-defense, the trial lasted one day, and the jury already having pre-conceived notions that Pat was a bad man , deliberated for less than half an hour before finding him not guilty. A huge barbecue was held at another nearby ranch, to celebrate the verdict.


Everyone knew that Pat Garret had warned old buddy outlaw Billy to stay away from him, lest he kills him in the discharge of his duties--but the kid ignored him. 

The kid died at the age of 21, and is was rumoured that he killed 21 men--one for every day of his life. But the kid was loved by one and all , as he was really not a bad guy, the circumstances forced him to kill.  

Billy worked as a ranch hand for John Tunstall a leader of one faction seeking control of the county. Tunstall befriended the Kid acting in many ways as a surrogate father. Tunstall's ambush and murder in 1878 by a sheriff's posse set the Kid off on a path of revenge. His first victims were the sheriff and his deputy, killed from ambush on the streets of Lincoln.





So--as per lore, on the fateful night of July 14, the Sheriff and his two deputies approached the dusty old Fort now converted to living quarters. The residents were sympathetic to the Kid and the lawmen could extract little information. Garrett decided to seek out an old friend, Peter Maxwell, who might tell him the Kid's whereabouts. As chance would have it, the Kid stumbled right into the Sheriff's hands—or was it so?.


Then in 1950, a 91 year old man Brushy Bill popped up and said that he was the real Billy the kid. He had witnessed the shooting of his friend who was buried as the Kid, by Pat Garrett. They were about to have dinner and his friend went to a nearby house where a freshly killed steer was hung to remove some beef to be cooked. Pat Garrett was waiting in ambush in this house.




This old man showed all his 26 bullet wounds and several knife wound scars on his body, which exactly coincided with records of the Kid. And he also had the two front rabbit teeth of the Kid. He could make his hands smaller than his wrists and remove handcuffs, the way the Kid used to do. All he wanted was a pardon as promised long ago.


See the video below.--the events are reconstructed by actors.






In 1949, William Morrison a paralegal located a man in Central Texas named Ollie P. Roberts (nicknamed "Brushy Bill"), who claimed to be Billy the Kid and challenged the popular account of the Kid as shot to death by ex-outlaw buddy, Sheriff Pat Garrett.
 



When it came to the events of the night of July 14, 1881, Brushy said that a man named Billy Barlow was killed by Pat Garrett. Barlow, he said, was partially Mexican, had a beard. Brushy had fled Fort Sumner and hidden in Mexico with a tribe of Yaqui Indians for two years, before he returned to the U.S. 



Morrison managed to meet with old friends of Billy -Severo Gallegos, Martile Able, Jose Montoya, and Bill and Sam Jones. The first three all signed legal affidavits attesting to the fact that Brushy Bill and Billy the Kid were one and the same and the Jones brothers, although they did not sign affidavits (claiming they didn’t want to get involved in legal tangles and publicity ) also stated their agreement with this.  



For the pardon on Nov. 15, 1950. Thomas J. Mabry, governor of New Mexico, agreed to a private hearing with Morrison and Brushy, along with one or two historians of Mabry‘s choosing, to be held on Nov. 29.  When Brushy and Morrison arrived at Mabry’s mansion, they were shocked to see a crowd with several photographers , reporters, armed policemen and hostile Oscar and Jarvis Garrett (Pat’s sons) .



Badly frightened, Brushy suffered a small stroke, and when the questioning began, he failed miserably even to remember Pat Garrett’s name. He completely forgot basic information about himself , and, when he was asked a serious question regarding the past of Billy the Kid, he forgot that as well. 


Stating he felt ill, he was eventually taken to another room to lie down. Shortly thereafter, Gov. Mabry made an announcement that he was not going to pardon Brushy, because he did not believe him to be Billy the Kid. A few days later Brushy Bill died of a heart attack.

This old man with 26 bullet hole scars on his body, and several knife wounds , which matched that of the Kid, knew he was dying and he wanted a clean sheet with his lord, on the day of judgement.



There was no other tangible reason why he would claim to be Billy—common sense dictates. DNA tests have been ruled out as it seems the graveyard of Billy the Kid was awash with flood waters and then all tombstones were lazily reconstructed after two decades.



Well this mystery keeps the “ Billy the Kid “ tourism industry alive. Too much money is at stake.
*******************************************************************************
KERALA, THE LAND OF PLENTY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
If there is a land of plenty ( both material and intellect ) on this planet-- it is God's own country, Kerala.

ENJOY !




Traveling in a fried-out combie
On a hippie trail, head full of zombie
I met a strange lady, she made me nervous
She took me in and gave me breakfast
And she said,

"Do you come from a land down under?
Where women glow and men plunder?
Can't you hear, can't you hear the thunder?
You better run, you better take cover."

Buying bread from a man in Brussels
He was six foot four and full of muscles
I said, "Do you speak-a my language?"
He just smiled and gave me a vegemite sandwich
And he said,

"I come from a land down under
Where beer does flow and men chunder
Can't you hear, can't you hear the thunder?
You better run, you better take cover."

Lying in a den in Bombay
With a slack jaw, and not much to say
I said to the man, "Are you trying to tempt me
Because I come from the land of plenty?"
And he said,

"Oh! Do you come from a land down under? (oh yeah yeah)
Where women glow and men plunder?
Can't you hear, can't you hear the thunder?
You better run, you better take cover."  





PSSSST- Talking about a slack jaw in a den in Mumbai-- I remember there was a den where the Western Hippies , in the seventies, who wanted to be one step ahead of LSD, would throng.  For a price a cobra would bite your tongue ( a controlled bite ) and then you would be lying there for the next 24 hours in a psychedelic daze, where you can hear colours and see sound. It is too dangerous--never try this!




Till the white man camewith his superior firearms, nobody dared to attack Kerala-- the richest place on earth. 

Today Rothschild the old opium running owner of British east India Company, (who runs the world Zionist banking today ) is worth 300 TRILLION dollars , because he got Tipu Sultan's gold stolen from Kerala temples. Tipu sultan got firearms and rockets from the French.



In the BBC documentary below, Aryabhatta was born in 2700 BC, NOT in 600 AD.  Newton and Leibniz stole Calculus from Madhavan of Kerala who published a Calculus text in Malayalam , two centuries before Newton.
*******************************************************************************
TOTAL INTERNAL REFLECTION- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


DIAMONDS STOLEN FROM INDIA
Ancient Indians were the masters of Total Internal Reflection, and faster than light soliton waves. Today we see it used in fibre optics. Modern man has still NOT discovered faster than light scalar waves, after Nikola Tesla martyred himself-- to prevent it from being misused.



Our our scientific texts in Sanskrit were stolen by the white man when they invaded India. People like Isaac Newton got everything translated from Sanskrit into English and patented ancient Vedic science.



Total Internal Reflection was a science written down in our Vedic texts 7000 years ago. It was NOT just description. All this was in Vedic Mathematics crealy explaining critical angle and refractive index.

Till the white man discovered diamonds in South Africa in 1886, diamonds were available only in India.  In 1726 the white man had found some" low quality" diamonds on a Brazilian river bed. The next discovery was in 1906 in Congo.

Alexander the Great , when he came to India in 326 BC , had talked about Indian noblemen wearing Navratna rings and the women wearing Navratna lockets. 


Navratna literally means 9 gems. Out of this Venus was represented by a brilliantly cut (Hira) Diamond. Mercury was Green (Panna) Emerald and Blue Sapphire was (Indraneelam) Saturn.  



His wife Roxanna was presented with one such locket.



6200 years ago Lord Krishna of Mahabharate epic was presented the great diamond Syamantaka Mani by his father in law Jambavan ( king of bears ), as a marriage dowry.  Jambavan finds a mention in the older Ramayana epic, for showing the medicinal Aloe Vera herbs to cure Lakshman who was dying of his wounds in battle. This crude divine diamond Syamantakam used to glow even in the dark.



Today this naively cut for style ( totally screwed by British ) is on the British Crown as Kohinoor--stolen property on a national emblem!. In 1997 when Queen Elizabeth 2 came to India , the Indian Parliament requested her to return this dimond which has great sentimental value in India as Lord Krishna is a god. 

She told us to FO!

Since this diamond had been set into the British crown, Britain has known zilch good luck. There is a curse attached to the diamond, that only gods and women can wear it with impunity.



The West came to know about Indian diamonds as early as 3000 years ago, when King Solomon imported diamonds via ships going from Kerala.

RATNA PARIKSHA was a 5000 year old Sanskrit text on optics which dealt with critical angles, high refractive index of diamond ( 2.4 ) and low critical angle ( 24 deg ) and  total internal reflection physics and the art of cutting diamonds, to make it spit fire. It clearly states that only diamond can cut diamond, hence polishing must be done with diamond , and that if a diamond is cut poorly it will NOT sparkle. 

Our 4000 year old Indian temples had pin hole cameras which could give inverted pictures and the coloured prism. 


In the picture above--see the inverted temple gopuram.



All this knowledge has been patented by the white man. Even the Indian invention of wheel had been given to Egypt.




Indian diamond cutters are so reliable that even today in 2011 that nearly 1.45 million cutters still cut 13 out of 14 diamonds world wide(  93.5% by numbers cut )--despite the inroads of computer controlled laser cutting technology.. 

In India if you buy a diamond and if the stone brings bad luck to you, you can go and return it. No questions will be asked--for a full refund.

Indians as usual developed their Vedic knowledge by observing nature. We still have the most extensive flora and fauna on the planet. Total internal reflection, refraction and refractive index was found by observing rainbows at waterfalls.




Rainbow, is seen usually in the sky opposite to the Sun at the end of a shower and also in the spray of waterfalls. In the primary bow, the colours are arranged with the red outside. Above the perfect bow is a secondary bow, in which the colours are arranged in reverse order; this bow is dimmer, because of a double internal reflection within the drops.



When the sunlight enters a raindrop it is refracted by, and reflected from, the drop in such a way that the light appears as a spectrum of colours. When the Sun is low in the sky the rainbow appears relatively high; as the Sun rises higher, the rainbow appears lower in the sky, maintaining the critical 40°- to 42°-angle. When the Sun is more than 42° above the horizon no rainbow can be seen because the required angle passes over the head of the observer.



The secondary rainbow has an angular radius of about 50° and hence is seen outside of the primary bow.  Higher-order rainbows, resulting from three or more internal reflections, are exceedingly weak but can be observed in Kerala in the months of August.

LORE :

Surya the Sun God gave Satrajit, of Dwaraka , the Syamanataka diamond as he was pleased with his devotion.  Satrajit's brother Prasena wore the jewel on his neck and went for a hunt. He climbed a tree waiting for some game, a lion came by and just as Prasena was about to shoot it,  when a  snake, dropped from a branch above . Startled he fell from the tree. As he was falling, the necklace with the Syamantaka gem got caught in a branch and Prasena hung by the neck, and was killed instantly.

Now the lion below, being attracted to the glow of the gem, picked it up and carried it away. As the lion walked away with the gem, Jambavan the king of the bears saw him. Being hypnotized  by the glow of the gem, he attacked the lion and killed it and took the gem to his cave and gifted it to his infant son.

Prasena did not return to Dwarka and people were wondering what had happened to him. Satrajit suspected that Krishna might have killed Prasena in order to attain the gem. Krishna, in order to prove his innocence, gathered a search party and went into the forest.

A few hours later, they found Prasena's body. Krishna noticed lion tracks around the body and assumed that a lion must have killed Prasena. On following the lion tracks, they came across the body of the dead lion. Krishna noticed that the lion was mauled by bear's claws and noticed that there were bear tracks around the body. On following the bear tracks Krishna reached Jambavan's cave. Krishna sensing the danger ordered the rest of the party to stay outside while he entered the cave alone. 

Krishna found Jambavan's son playing with the Syamantaka gem. Frightened by the stranger, Jambavan's son let out a wail that alerted Jambavan. Now Jambavan thought someone was attacking his child and attacked Krishna. Krishna fought Jambavan for twenty-eight days after which Jambavan recognised Krishna's divinity and surrendered to him. 






Along with the gem, Jambavan offered Krishna his beautiful daughter Jambavati's hand in marriage. 

TILL 1886--EVERY SINGLE DIAMOND SEEN ABROAD WAS STOLEN FROM INDIA , FOR INDIANS ARE NOT IN THE HABIT OF SELLING DIVINE DIAMONDS .



The great Orlov diamond of 190 carats set on the Imperial sceptre of Catherine the Great of Russia was initially 3 times bigger--or the size of a large hen's egg.


 It was just one of a pair, which formed the eyes of the ancient Vishnu idol at Sri Ranganathaswamy temple , at Srirangam , 3 kms north of  Tiruchinapalli, Tamil Nadu, India.


The Orlov diamond was stolen by a French deserter soldier who converted from Christianity to Hinduism just to gain trust and entry into the sanctum sanctorium in 1747.



This temple has a hall fo 1000 pillars of rearing horses. This Frenchman ran to the British merceneries of Rothschild ( East India Company ) for refuge.





The BLACK Orlov diamond was the Third Eye of Brahma idol at the temple of Pondicherry, India. Originally it was 200 carats.


This huge priceless divine diamond was cut into three to cure a curse attached to the diamond. A lot of owners either went insane of killed themselves. In 1995 it a 165 carat piece was auctioned for 1.5 million US dollars.
*******************************************************************************
PRASHANT BHUSHAN , EXCEEDS HIS BRIEF AND GETS THRASHED-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
PRASHANT BHUSHAN ASSAULTED-- PUBLIC OPINION SAYS,  HE DESERVED WHAT HE GOT



BHUSHANS-- THE SELF PROCLAIMED MESSIAHS, WHO FLY LOW



Prashant Bhushan and his father Shanti Bhushan were given public support in their self appointed drive against corruption-- as they were hanging on to Anna Hazare's petticoat.

Both father and son do NOT have any mass appeal, and have been firing merrily over Anna Hazare's shoulders--since the Ramlila maidan fast.

Yesterday Prashant Bhushan got slapped around in his own chambers, by some pissed off patriots , for advocating independence for Kashmir .

No blood was drawn, no bones were broken -- Prashant Bhushan was just humiliated , in full view of cameras , for propagating Kashmir independence , on the basis of a meaningless referendum. This was NOT a vicious assault, as is touted by foreign funded TV guests on prime time 9 PM..

Referendrum, after total ethnic cleansing of Kashmiri pandits, by Pakistan aided Muslims terrorists?  Is that so?

When India became independent the population of land holding Kashmiri Pandits was 18%. Today is it just 0.02%.

Before the Mughals invaded India, there were NIL Muslims in Kashmir-- yes, NOT a single soul.

Today I spoke to about 50 of my friends on this Prashant Bhushan thrashing issue, in front of National TV cameras. 

Every national leader and celebrity has come on TV and condemned the attack-- while at home in private, they all will be singing a different tune.

I am glad I am a sailor-- no need to be a hypocrite at sea. You meet somebody for 4 months, after he or you goes down the gangway at the end of the contract, you dont see each other again. You can be yourself. This is the biggest incentive at sea. 

All my friends were unanimous in one thing-- Prashant Bhushan deserved what he got.



99.5 % of patriotic Indians are shocked over Prashant Bhushan's seditious statement on TV. 

The rest 0.5%,  who will cheer for Pakistan in a India Pakistan cricket match-- nobody cares for them in free India.

Now who is Prashant's father?

He is the wily old Shanti Bhushan-- also in Anna Hazare's group. 

Shanti Bhushan has himself declared 136 crore rupees of assets in black and white. How much income tax this man has paid in the past, everybody knows. 


Everybody knows how much of a HUGE understatement this amount of 136 crores is .  Just like Sharad Pawar's declaration of personal wealth.



Amar Singh himself has said on TV .that he had given Shanti Bhushan 50 lakhs twice, for a single legal appearance , to represent him.





Team Anna member and our honourable ex-law minister Shanti Bhushan had evaded stamp duty to the tune of Rs 1.35 crore in the purchase of a prime property at Allahabad and was slapped with a fine of over Rs 27 lakh on the outstanding amount. . Mr. Shanti Bhushan had shown value of this property is Rs.6.67 lakhs wherein the market value is Rs.20 Crores.  He is the messiah , who will lead India from darkness to light.

Who is Prashant Bhushan-- he went to Chennai IIT for Mech Engr, and got chucked out in the first semester , as he did NOT have the grey matter. 

Then he went to Princeton University USA and failed there too. 

His father was law minister from 1977 to 79--in the Morarjee Desai government.  And then hey presto--he decided to get enrolled in Allahabad university and becomes a lawyer. Why not? His father is there to carry him on his shoulders.

Now he and his father are both supreme court lawyers. Prashant Bhushan is a Naxalite sympathiser. He is the guy who said that Naxalites have been "created by the government".  This lack of perception is the reason why he got chucked out of IIT.

IT IS RUMOURED THAT HE CHARGES A FANTASTIC AMOUNT FOR EVERY VESTED INTEREST PIL HE DOES. ( He himself says more than 500 PIL in the past 15 years )



Senior Bhushan never opens his mouth. He is an example of the "sounds of silence". We are all supposed to think-- Oh what a great old timer.  Balls!

Hi you two mangy Bhushans -- Kashmiri Pandits have been mentioned in 6000 year old Mahabharata. Islam is a very recent religion.  

Do you guys have any idea how many Kashmiri temples were destroyed?  See below the fabulous 4000 year old Surya temple of Kashmir.



Do you have any idea how many Kashmiris were killed? 

Do you have any idea how many Kashmiris ( 512000 in Delhi ) are leading horrible lives in refugee camps after being driven away, and their homes and bountiful ancestral lands, usurped by Pakistan aided Muslims? 

Do you care about a near extinct Hindu race , done in by brazen ethnic cleansing -- 

(260,000 Hindus were driven away , leaving everything the owned behind? )

Extinct-- because of our secular leaders led by an Italian Roman Catholic want votes , and Kashmiri Pundits don't form a vote bank--  so to hell with justice and fairness.

YOU "FATHER-SON SELF PROCLAIMED MESSIAHS" -- STICK STRICTLY TO ANTI-CORRUPTION MATTERS ,  FOR WHICH INDIA SUPPORTED GANDHIAN ANNA HAZARE IN LARGE NUMBERS-- 

DONT EVER EXCEED YOUR BRIEF , BY TAKING THE INITIATIVE TO GIVE A PART OF INDIA AWAY , TO PAKISTAN.



Suggest both of you read my post , by punching into google search UNQUANTIFIED GENOCIDE AND HOLOCAUST VADAKAYIL



If foreign funded TV channels ( Rothschild ) have their way, all our patriots will be in prison,  and anti-nationalists in the garb of foreign funded NGOs' will rule the roost.  Our harassed police and army will be totally de-moralised.

So what really happened -- a patriot, busted the ego bubble of a sedition propagandist Prashant Bhushan, on camera!   

Why is everybody crying foul?



And let me see if Anna Hazare is smart enough to disown Prashant Bhushan , before a tsunami wave engulfs him. One thing is clear, hardly any Indians want to see this strange father son duo again.




The source of foreign funds of NGOs' like HRLN ( Human Rights Law Network ) sympathisers of Naxalites and anti-nationals , under lawyer Colin Gonsalves -- is now being investigated . (The guillotine will soon fall.)

Naxalism is funded by foreign funded NGOs.   Prashant Bhushan and his father has been fighting tooth and nail, to exclude all foreign funded NGOs from the purview of Jan Lokpal.   Kiran Bedi's NGO "India Vision Foundation" , IVF is funded by Rothschilds and Lehman brothers.


In July 1994, Kiran Bedi, the then Inspector-General of Prisons of Tihar Jail was pulled up by the Supreme court of India ignoring the apex court directives for providing aid to a foreign under-trial prisoner by initiating contempt proceedings against her. 

She escaped from punishment despite being heavily reprimanded, in view of her winning the Rothschild sponsored Magsasay Award, the court exonerating her from further proceedings.

Kejriwal flouted all service rules while serving for the Income Tax Department , as one can not be allowed to run NGO and actively participate in other  activities while serving for the Indian government IRS.


Below Arundhati Roy ( who wants Kashmir to be severed ) and her lawyer.




Below, the rich hand of Rothschild who controls India, vide foreign funded NGOs
*******************************************************************************
COMMERCIAL MATTERS ON CHEMICAL TANKERS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




       COMMERCIAL  MATTERS



Read the charter party . Check out the time allowed for a full load. What is the minimum rate for a chemical parcel. The 100 psi or 7 kg manifold pressure rule applies for what minimum quantity limit of parcel.



Parcel chemicals which are in an obviously dangerous condition and which could damage the ship, its tanks or adjacent chemicals must NEVER be loaded. (For example you are aware that an Ammonia based inhibitor has been used for stabilizing a polymerizing chemical  which was stored in a Zinc Silicate tank ashore ).



Hence on chemical tankers it is important to observe correct sampling procedures. It is important to know what type of pump is used for loading. If the pump is not a piston pump or screw pump it should be possible to take a first foot line sample in a clear SELF SEALING glass bottle against a closed manifold valve. If the shore / barge line content is contaminated  or has water this fact can easily be found out . Sample bottle label must contain ships name/ voyage number/ date/ location / type of sample manifold, tank . Samples must be retained for one year. It is important to drain compressed air lines before any line blow.



Often shippers misdeclare the loading temperatures of high melting point cargoes which are brought in by rail wagons. Chemicals which is not in a condition as projected in the shipping documents must be rejected. It is understood that the ship staff are not experts with regard to quality of cargo but he can observe any reasonable obvious deviations like rancid odour veg oils, foaming Molasses , milky DIDP/DINP , non sputtering Sulphuric acid or barge dischg with open ullaging / veg oil sweeping in heavy rain.  If you suspect inherent vice even an ordinary letter of protest will serve the purpose.



No documents must be signed for any cargo which is not yet on board.



Stowage must be planned meticulously for parcel cargoes and don’t allow the charterers to rush you into immediate stowage solutions without double checking. On parcel tankers there are more than one hundred considerations before you arrive at the best stowage from all perspectives. It is important that you are not hustled into accepting only the sub-charterers perspective.



All tanks must be inspected prior hose connection. Fill up the proper enclosed space checklist. If a tank has been methanol sprayed  or methanol dehumidified the surveyor will want a Draeger ppm reading of the tank to be wall washed. A tank cannot be entered by a shore person unless a ships officer is present.



Unless expressly advised tanks must be cleaned to water white standard dry and odor free. Unseen areas are checked by rubbing hands for residues—especially under steam coils and impeller area ( for hyd oil) . On epoxy ships the tank coating  must be 98.5% intact and flaked coating must be removed and checked for cargo residue behind coating. There should be no loose scale or rust.



For heated cargoes heating coils must be tested applying full steam pressure for AT LEAST TWENTY MINUTES. If any leaks are detected the tank should not be used until “permanent” repairs are carried out and retested again.  No soft patches are allowed even with heat/ chemical resistant putties.



Vapor return spools can be connected only if it is the same homogeneous grade in all tanks.



Look into manifold lines for cleanliness before the shore surveyor does. No manifold hoses can be rigged unless a manifold rigging plan has been signed by the chief officer and posted in the CCR and a copy is given to the deck watch.



To remove moisture from pipelines to handle moisture sensitive cargoes like DINP/ DIDP/ MEG FG etc blow all lines with nitrogen till the last drain valve at pumpstack is completely moisture free.



Shore line is usually pigged. It is a good practice to inspect the pig if feasible and permitted to see if is free of moisture, odour and cargo residues.



If the ship’s crew is constrained to connect shore loading hoses, a letter of protest should be issued before the job stating that “ship/ owner/ crew/ charterer cannot be held responsible for any incident or direct / indirect liability that may arise due to the ships involvement in the connection/ disconnection”.



Do not disconnect hoses unless you get the tank dry certificate at disport. Like wise do not start loading at loadport unless the tank ready certificate is recd on board.



When ever a first foot tank sample is taken make a log entry. There is no need to take first foot samples on ships initiative unless required by EMS Singapore office.



If there is foam on top of cargo issue a LOP.



Separate pumping  log must be made for each grade. Otherwise it becomes difficult to collect demurrage.



If ships discharge is restricted by shore with a pressure of less than 7,0 kgs / 100 psi, or the rate of which the vessel can discharge the entire load within 24 hrs, a LOP must be issued. The vessel must always discharge with a min. pressure of 7,0 kgs (universal c/party requirement engraved in stone ) at the manifold. If not doing so, the reason must be clearly remarked in the pumping log.



Whenever pre-wash is required according to Marpol regulations and washings are discharged ashore the pre-wash record should be made and attached to the vessel’s slop record.

Cargo: Chemical name.

Pollution Cat: X,Y,Z

Tank: Identity of tank.

Litres: Cargo ROB, before the pre-wash.

Mixed with: Quantity of pre-wash water used.



In case ships figure is greater than shore figure do not protest unless you have confirmed with the operator. It may be better to sacrifice  extra freight when pitted against the option of being slapped with imaginary and deliberate shortage claims. If the outturn quantity at disport is more extra freight can be claimed even in the absence of a LOP for discrepancy .



During the voyage the cargo temperatures for heated cargoes of each tank must be checked at least twice a day.  The average temperature is to be used in the heating report. There must be one heating report for each grade.



Any delays which can affect laytime counting, must be recorded under delays / remarks.



A draft survey is normally conducted when it is impossible to obtain the density of the cargo.
The draft survey should be done as accurately as possible as the outcome of the draft survey often is used as Bill of Lading figure. If vessel is rolling slightly mention it in the ullage sheet and SOF remark column. If the draft survey has been conducted incorrectly, the Owners may face a claim from the consignee. Density of dock water must be ascertained for 4 metres below waterlevel.



Combined masters certificate is required by many shippers, when vegoils are carried in accordance with FOSFA rules.The certificate should only be issued if required by the shipper / surveyor or charterer.



The Master must convey the tankcleaning plan after departure discharge port. The tanklcleaning done report must be completed as per format and filed.



AGENTS:


Agents are paid to board the vessel daily . In some notorious ports protective agents are used by the charterers to expedite ships operations.  Relevant messages must hence be copied to them especially NOR. Ask agents for pre arrival information well in advance and not at the last minute.



Examples:--

If original bill of lading has arrived

ETB

Stay at berth

Which side a/s

Restrictions due to tide/ darkness

Number and size of shore connections

Flexible hoses or rigid chicksans for freeboard considerations

Load / dischg sequence

Wall wash standards

Nitrogen blow/ purging

Vapor return which require time to turn spools

Draft restrictions

Local mandatory requirements like Brazil customs flag 

Draft restrictions

Reason for berthing delay—tanks full, congestion, tide


The master must be careful to reveal only relevant information to charterers agent, whose loyalty lies with his principals who pay him.


It is common practice that three original Bills of Lading are issued, in case one should get dropped by the pigeon. Banks always require original documents to release a payment under a letter of credit, which often takes time, whereas the shipper also has to make sure that an original B/L is present at the port of destination in time to release the cargo.


NOR , ETA advice must be given to agents and to Company in local time and in GMT.


SOF:


A separate SOF is required for every chemical loaded dischg at the port. This must include—

Chemical description

B/L and Ships fig quantity at load/ dischg ports

Time of arrival time spartique granted

Time NOR is tendered for that particular chemical

Time of request for tank inspection ( if applicable )

Name of berth, terminal or barge

All fast time ( in case of barge anchored time )

Time barge a/s

Time tanks inspected / accepted

Time cargo hose connected ( if already connected and used by previous cargo, then time of completion of previous cargo )

Size of shore connection

Commd loading/ dischg

Times for delay with reason ( must specify shore reasons )

Time of starting completion of sweeping of each tank

Bunkering details if any

Time of cargo completion

Hoses disconnected time

Time cargo documents are received.

Delays prior departure in detail ( especially reasons not caused by ship )

Signatures---- MASTER/ AGENT/ CHARTERER/ CONSIGNEE-SHIPPER



NOTE: PORT LOG must contain tankwise start/ stop/ sweep/ line blow.

Remember a ships delay is a delay ONLY if it interferes with the charterers business.

Detention due to inherent vice of cargo is NOT OFFHIRE.

SBT ballasting / deballasting times must NEVER be mentioned in SOF.



LAYDAYS:

It is the period of time the owner will keep his ship available for loading/ dischg without fines. LAYCAN is the agreed date of loading. It is charterers duty to load/ dischg cargo within 72 hours after laycan. If vessel is not ready within 1600 hours of the last day then charterers may cancel. 

There is no obligation on the charterers to load a vessel that arrived before the commencement of laydays, but if they did, they could not normally expect to use the vessel without paying for it.


MANIFEST:



If the agent does not give customs manifest then use ships form.  Certain ports like in Italy require manifest for “in transit “ or “ same bottom” cargoes too.



DEADFREIGHT:



When a charterer agrees to load a ship with FULL cargo and then fails to do so—the difference between the quantity shipped and the quantity the ship is capable of loading may be recoverable as deadfreight. If the ship is cubed out—the fact must be mentioned as a remark in the SOF. Dead freight claims are not discrepancy protests,  It is also possible that one parcel may be subject to both deadfreight and discrepancy claims.



COMMINGLING CLAUSE:



It is commonplace for one chemical parcel to be sold to various consignees each of whom receive a portion of the total quantity loaded. In such cases the total quantity of all the b/l issued must equal the total loaded and each b/l must contain the following commingling clause.—‘ this shipment was loaded on board the ship as part of one original lot of ----- mtons with no segregation as to the parcels. Neither the ship nor the owners assume any responsibilities for the consequences of such commingling nor the separation thereof at the time of delivery”



Unlike “blend” which is concerned with deliberate admixing of grades of cargo in specified proportions, the term co-mingling indicates that grades can be admixed without regard to maintaining any particular proportioning during the discharge process

  

All our company ships are equipped with a digital camera which can be used in the video mode. When ever you feel live documentation of an event is required to prevent your ship from losing money use it. This must be with the Master in port and must be readily available at a few seconds notice , say to Chief officer or Duty officer.



Sometimes the tank surveyor rejects the tank or does a wall wash as a delaying manoevere because cargo is not ready or a chemical barge is arriving late. If the master suspects such a thing, protest and if required call P&I.



SURVEYORS:



In certain small ports one single surveyor wear different hats. Like in the good old days Penavico China was agent for every body. The master should be sensitive to the potential of such conflict of interests. P&I surveyors can attend to the vessel for cargo contamination, damage to jetty, pollution , third party damages and investigations into sea worthiness of ship in the context of General average. The P&I surveyor can be head owners or time charterers. Most reputed parcel chemical time charterers have their own P&I to handle cargo related matters. The master must be aware whom the surveyor represents. Surveyors acting on behalf of third parties such as charterers, receivers, terminal, stevedores and other ships must be treated with utmost caution.  Master should be careful about release of information and documents. Managers and owners should be informed so that they can arrange a surveyor to represent their interests before the other nuisance potential surveyor is permitted to carry out his business. Master should not feel embarrassed about speaking privately with owners surveyor even if it means that he has to tell the other surveyor to step out into the alleyway.



SAMPLING:



If there is a cargo contamination claim the Master must:

Immediately call in the local representative of the vessel’s P&I club.

Notify Operator about the alleged claim and confirm that the P&I representative is attending.

Take good care of vessel’s sealed cargo samples, i.e.

before loading sample

first foot sample

before discharge sample



and not hand them to anyone, except in agreement with the P&I representative, and only against written receipt.



Master IS NOT obliged to follow any orders that go beyond the terms of the charter party.



The Master must NEVER load any cargo which is not on the coating resistance list and the certificate of fitness.



If the charterers inspector rejects the tanks and as a master you feels cheated ( because cargo is not ready or whatever), approach P&I to appoint an independent surveyor.



LOP



If ship cannot discharge the whole cargo in 24 hrs or maintain 100 psi at the rail throughout—the MUST be LOP covering the delay or all rights are automatically waived. Delay in receiving shore documents after disconnection of hoses must be documented. Any document on which shore signature could not be obtained must be endorsed accordingly. Delays between tendering NOR and berthing should be documented.

Master to protest if the latest ASTM tables  6A and 24A are not used for oils / cargo surveyors not using own or standard equipment.



IWL



An IWL chart is attached which should be displayed on the Bridge or ships Office. This clearly shows the areas outside the IWL and the areas which are seasonal exclusions. The map also has a reference, which gives the various positions and dates for the areas excluded and seasonally excluded.

Masters should be aware that a breach of the IWL can invalidate the Hull and Machinery Insurance. To maintain the insurance cover the managers are required to inform the insurers of the IWL breach and dates. The managers may also be required to comply with certain conditions and / or pay an additional premium.

Masters should familiarise themselves with these limits and should it become apparent that they will breach IWL then they should inform this office. Vessels on time charter are sometimes weather routed and advised to proceed on a route, which takes them outside IWL. Although the charter party will contain a clause stating that the vessel is to be always within IWL, the routing company may not be aware of restrictions and it remains the Master’s responsibility to be aware of the situation and inform the managers accordingly.



Inform the company and charterers by standard message the date and time in UTC of entering and departing IWL / exclusion zone limits.



Any messages regarding change of disport, quantity of consignee must be copied to charterers.



Standard messages must be sent by email or telex  but never by fax



If the master cannot follow the weather routing due to constraint of heating cargo, tankcleaning, repairs on deck etc he must communicate to the weather router through the charterers .


Ordered speed must be interpreted as the average speed required to be made WP


Reserve bunkers must take into account boiler consumptions for HO for tankcleaning in cold weather and cargo heating..


If on any voyage if the heating requirements would cause a vessel to reduce speed, notify the charterers


The measurement of bulk chemicals is not accurate if ship is rolling slightly at berth and also evaporation losses will occur during a long voyage. Prolonged rolling and pitching during hot heavy weather can increase the rate of evaporation loss of cargo, and may result in voyage transit loss of cargo. To keep measurement inaccuracies to a minimum, standard procedures should be adopted by the chief officer  for all measurements of cargo especially if the voyage is long with volatile cargo . It is usual practise for many loadport surveyors to calculate cargo using ASTM mineral oil tables in their laptop computers which will inflate the cargo tonnage on board, when compared to calculations with density correction factor, the way it must be done for non mineral oil chemicals .


Ullage reports should be signed for “ullages and temps only”—all ships must have a stamp made .


Non persistent oils: CPP , veg oils and animal oils


In some berths masters will be told be charterers to discharge within the tidal window. Master to ensure that the ship is always afloat—if not cast off and berth at the next tidal window.


At SBM if the ship has any problems keeping engines running astern continiously ( in the absence of a tug ) and inform the charterers .


The Bareboat/ Time/ Voyage charterer of a vessel who subcharters the vessel to another party is known as the disponent owner in the new charter agreement.


Composite cargoes: 2 or more grades having widely differing specs if carried on the same ship eg lub oils and white products



TANK CLEANING & SLOP DISPOSAL:



Master must discharge as much slops as possible enroute after tankcleaning.



During tankcleaning ensure that you must ensure that you follow the Marpol regulations with respect to special areas, depth of water, distance from land etc.



The Master should always contact his Operator should he be in doubt whether the wash water can be discharged to the sea.



The master must give the operator enough time to react to arrange for slops to be landed at a feasible port.



Disposal of slops containing tankcleaning chemicals, can be expensive as this is deemed as chemical waste.

CPP slops without detergents can usually be disposed free of charge



So it is important that the Operator is informed about the type and quantity of chemicals inherent in the slops.



The Master must never on his own arrange landing of tankcleaning slops, unless written  statement is received from the terminal/ agent that it is free of charge.  Landing of slops always must be arranged through Operator.



If the vessel is out on time-charter, then the Time-Charterers to be advised .



Disposal of engine slop is always on Owners account.
*******************************************************************************
FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs RIDING ON ANNA HAZARE'S SHOULDERS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
KEJRIWAL ATTACKED--  SLIPPER THROWN ON HIM  -- 

FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs ARE DANGEROUS TROJAN HORSES 





As soon was a chappal was thrown on Kejriwal, he immediately got hazaar sympathy from the Indian masses. --and he even "forgave" the attacker ( sniff!)

Before Indians sympathise with this gruesome foursome team of Kejriwal, Kiran Bedi and the Bhushans , please try and get answers for the following questions-- 

After 800 years of slavery, we Indians have become free. 



If we dance to the tune of Team Anna we will NOT be free any more.



1) Today you see anti-Wall street protests all over the world. Do you know who is the target? 



2) Do you know that this target ( German Jew Rothschild Zionist financiers ) owned the drug running British East India Company who enslaved India?



3) Do you know that the Magsaysay awards given to Kiran Bedi , Arvind  Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia are from the same Rothschild / CIA foundation ? ( Ford foundation , Rockfeller foundation, US Federal reserve , IMF and World Bank are just part of it )

Below : Scan of original document signed by Rothschild stooge Allen Welsh Dulles longest serving Director of CIA, ( brother of John Foster Dulles, Dwight D. Eisenhower's Secretary of State). Magsaysay award is controlled by Rothschild's agent Ford.  






Allen W Dulles represented I.G. Farben the German chemical manufacturer whose secretary to board of Directors was Bernhard von Lippe who founded the Bilderberg Group in 1954 with Rothschild . Allen W Dulles hooked up with George Herbert Walker, Prescott Bush’s father-in-law to finance the purchase of the Hamburg Amerika Line, a steamship company for Dulles’ client I.G. Farben.



4) CAN YOUR FIGURE OUT WHY EVERY NGO INTERESTED IN SUPPORTING ANNA ARE ALL FUNDED BY THIS VESTED FINANCIERS.



5) Do you know the amount of money in crores received in the recent past by Team Anna run NGOs or their personal assets ( Kiran Bedi, Kejriwal, Bhushans , Sisodia etc ).



7) Why are these foreign financiers who broke up USSR, so eager to weed out corruption and tap the phones of Prime Minister and Chief Justice of India.

8) WHY DOES JANLOKPAL BILL EXEMPT FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs--WHAT IS THE HIDDEN AGENDA?


9) Why are Rothschild funded NGOs , financing Indian media and TV.?  Did you not see them whip up Ramlila maidan participation ?


10) Why are foreign funded TV channels , calling strange people to brainwash Indians in prime time ,  even advocating Kashmir independence and Naxal support --all in the garb of  free speech . Do we need lectures from Lord Meghnath Desai and Colin Gonsalves types?



11) Do we need civil society activists and rabble rousers to slow down the progress of India--by shutting down our Nuclear plants, signing away our nuclear rights etc?.

12) Is anybody monitoring the agenda of Nobel Prize winner Amartya Sen, whose wife is Emma Rothschild?

13) Do you have any idea how much these Team Anna NGOs have been funded by multinational corporations?

14) Do you know the level of IQ or the knowledge of REALPOLITIK of simpleton Anna Hazare? Do you by any stretch of imagination think that this man can be the brain of this vested Janlokpal bill--which exempts foreign funded NGOs from its purview?.



15) Do you know the various anti-national activities of Rothschild , Ford and World Bank funded NGOs?

16) Who do you think funds the Naxalite and separationist movements in India?



17) How many foreign funded NGOs have recently infiltrated oil rich Libya, and driven away a popular and steady government, who did NOT toe the western line ? Do you think the West and Nato group went to Libya as NGOs to save Libyan locals from misrule or to steal their best quality oil, as decided in Bilderberg club inner core meet to prevent EU from spiralling into bankruptcy?





By killing Gaddafi, the west have covered up all their past shady deals --they were wooing him actively in the recent past--right?

18) Do you know the real activities of the religious missionary NGOs funded from abroad?




19) Do you know why so many "human rights awards" and "defenders of democracy awards "  are going to anti-national forces nowadays?



20) Why are these foreign funded NGOs constantly trying to drive a wedge between peacefully co-existing Hindus and Muslims.  Today if you form a NGO  to malign the nation and re-open the sores of Godhra , why do you get free cash from foreigners ( Teetsa Setalvad / Harsh Mander ).


21) ARE THESE FOREIGN FINANCIERS WHO FUND INDIAN NGOs REALLY INTERESTED IN THE PROSPERITY OF INDIA?



22)Why are none of these foreign funded NGOs using Anna Hazare , transparent in their websites , with respect to their source of funds.



23) DO WE NEED TO FIGHT INTERNAL CORRUPTION WITH FOREIGN FUNDED FOREIGN APPOINTED MESSIAHS, WHO KEEP SAYING THAT THEY ARE ABOVE THE CONSTITUTION? DO YOU KNOW THAT UNITED FRUIT COMPANY WHO MADE BANANA REPUBLICS OUT OF SOUTH AMERICAN CONTINENT ALSO WERE TRADERS LIKE BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY.




24) Why do we allow evangelists like Rothschild funded Mormons to run free in India with poor tribals in mineral rich forests - what is their agenda ? Why are so many born again Christian tribals Naxalites and in the ULFA army ?



25) Do you think all tourists who came to India in last two years came here to see the beauty of India? Why do you think  Team Anna core group goes abroad ?



26) Do we need " foreign cocktail circuit invitees" like Kiran Bedi as a super-cop,  Bhushan as super-judge , Kejriwal as super-IRS and Sisodia as super-journalist , to be moral guardians and play to the gallery ?

27) Was NOT Anna Hazare's fast blackmail?  Why was such an old frail man so energetic on the 13th day, that he postponed breaking fast for another 12 hours till next day morning.

28) Why did US govt asked Indian govt to show restraint on the Anna Hazare movement-- is there more to this than meets the eye  ?



29) Is Anna Hazare's movement really the 2nd Independence struggle as is touted by the foreign funded media--or is the realpolitik to take us back into slavery again-- even super-power Russia could NOT prevent NGOs preaching Perestoika and Glasnost from breaking up USSR . 

30) Why is team Anna campaining to include two Nobel prize winners and two Magsaysay award winners of Indian origin in the select committee. ( read as ready made entrance for Emma Rothschild's husband and Zionist stooge Amartya Sen and Kiran Bedi / Kejriwal ) . Did not the same Zionist controlled Nobel and Magsaysay award committee ignore the great Mahatma Gandhi?





31) Why is uneducated and low IQ Anna Hazare comparing himself with high IQ and educated Mahatma Gandhi?--  a topi and an ability to fast ( in front of screen ) notwithstanding. Gandhi was a great man who did NOT play to the gallery in front of cameras and media. Will Gandhi ever do such belligerent posturing?

32) Does Anna Hazare know that Swiss banks are controlled by the same Zionists who fund his team's NGOs? Are they using anti-corruption as a weapon to suit themselves, and turn India into a Banana republic ?


33) Why was Anna's movement so professionally media savvy with event organisers? Poor Baba Ramdev's anti-corruption desi movement was literally scuttled by foreign funded media.




34) To whom is Super-Ayatollah ex-truck driver ,Anna Hazare accountable to?  Is he a law unto himself-- just because he knows "corrupssan acha naahi hai"? He wont allow Big Boss5, or allow you to have a beer.  



35) Do you know that China has a Trojan horse act, to weed out these anti-national foreign funded NGOs planted as TROJAN HORSES by western corporations to smell out anti-patent deeds?  








Do you know that due to problems in registering themselves as NGO s  in China, most of them are registered as businesses— and a slit eyed yellow skinned Pope is waiting for the day China self destructs the USSR way.

36) Do you know that most of AIDS cash cows are Trojan horses too?

Below 1/3 of India is already over run by Trojan horses . The red map below show just the Naxalite chunk. 


37) Do you know how many anti-national foreign funded religious NGOs exist in India, doing and funding terrorist activities? Why has Vatican Roman Catholic Sonia Gandhi allowed Christian missionaries run NGOs a free run in these tribal mineral rich forest areas?


38) Who has authorised or given the mandate to Team Anna ( Prashant Bhushan on Kashmir ) to speak on any other matters other than anti-corruption?





39) Is Anna's NGO team accountable to foreign forces,  jealous of India's progress in the past decade , when the whole world is lagging behind?




40) Do you know what is the meaning of giving false evidence to courts-- and how many Indian NGOs have done this so far, to continue getting funds from their foreign masters?   


41) Do you know how many "popular uprisings" against governments NOT toeing the Zionist financial bankers/ Western line has been triggered by foreign funded NGOs around the world?


42) Does not Anna Hazare's demand of "right to recall", create instability in a huge democracy full of illiterate and immature voters , like ours?  Will not India be the loser, whem MP try to keep the rabble rousing and gullible voter above the country? 

43) Do you know what happened to Saddam Hussain ( Euro instead of dollar ) and Gaddafi ( Gold Dinar instead of dollar or euro ) who tried to change the oil trading currency? (See video below to be shocked.) 

 




44) Now that Zionist puppet Amnesty International has finished with Libya , whom will they concentrate on , next? ( No prized for saying Syria -- and no prizes for saying that suffering of Palestinians is in their blind sector )

45) Do you know that Rothschild and Zionist funded NGOs are involved in every single POPULAR UPRISING of people in the world in the past 50 years.  The sleeper cells run by anti-national forces, trigger the uprising when their foreign masters order it. 

46) Do you know that the Russian designed Koodankulam Anti-Nuclear protests are controlled by a Christian Missionary NGO funded by the West, in retaliation for Western designed Jaitapur Areva nuclear plant protests? Are Indian Nuclear scientists who have constructed 20 nuclear plants fools? Dont we trust a single expert in our own country. Or are the Trojan horse LOW IQ human right activists more trustworthy

47) Does democracy in India have any meaning when foreign forces decide who stands as a candidate?  This is done even at lowest Panchayat levels-- as the Koodankulam Panchayat president is installed by a Christian missionary NGO.


48) " Either you are against corruption (and for Anna ) OR you are for corruption  (and against Anna ) " --using this slogan hundreds of thousands of young Indians have called up foreign funded TV channels using their mobile phones, leaving it open for subversive mass SMS programs .  Is this CIA method mass recruitment method for "future GLASNOST fanning of flames", not in the modus operandi book of Zionists , who fund these TV channels ? Did not Hitler advocate the same black and white emotional thinking method ,( argumentum ad populum )  in an era when there were no mobile phones.  If it is good enough for Anna or Hitler, it is good enough for us-- style.

48) To achieve his parallel bureaucracy, will not Anna who is accountable to none,  soon have his own " revolutionary guards " immune to law, who will bash in the heads of anybody even waving a black flag at him? Is this not what big brother of George Orwell's 1984 is based on? 


 
49)When Anna Hazare is wearing swadeshi clothes and topi , why is it OK for him, to advocate FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs to be exempt from Jan Lokpal bill?




50) Why is this low flying messiah Anna Hazare , so much publicity ka bhooka , that he waits for cameras to whirr before he says anything? Did Gandhiji ever seek such falthu publicity?           
51) Shahrukh Khan for Don 2 is riding on Don 1 and Amitabh Bachchan's shoulders. Here we have shrewd Anna Hazare branding himself and riding on Gandhiji's shoulders. He has to go to Rajghat and pretend to meditate with cameras rollin'.-- cool, maan !



                                    
Above is a Muslim woman Teetsa Setalvad, putting Hindu bindi on her forehead, and dishing out propaganda.  And below is just one of thousands of false propaganda SMS.



See the video above-- to know how mountains can be made of molehills, by false witnesses and propaganda.



MAGSAYSAY AWARD IS ACTUALLY A ROTHSCHILD AWARD-- THE GERMAN JEWS WHO ENSLAVED INDIA.  THESE AWARDS ARE GIVEN ONLY TO THOSE WHO TOE THE ZIONIST LINE.    



TO PASS LITMUS TESTS , THEY WILL PRAISE AMERICAN NINA PALEY'S " SITA SINGS HER BLUES " , WHICH DENIGRATES AND RIDICULES HINDU GODS , AS A MODERN MASTER PIECE , AT WESTERN  EMBASSY COCKTAIL DINNERS.






Above is Sita indicating Ravana's baby in her womb-- FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION of American ugly woman Nina Paley.

If you say a word against a Jew in USA , you will be branded anti-semitic and you will be sued by Zionist organizations funded by powerful forces.  But if  you say Hindu Goddess Sita had sex with Ravana, well you will be invited to the White house and Queen's box at Wimbledon, for exercising your freedom of expression-- and you will be in line for the next Rockfeller award.  What bullshit is this?


All genuine criticism of Zionism is automatically branded and disqualified as "Anti-Semitism", "Discrimination". All public debate on the political abuse and misuse of "The Holocaust" is branded as "Revisionist Denial", "Antisemitism", "Hate Mongering", etc... This is all tantamount to Intellectual Terrorism.




Above is Lord Shiva exposing himself through a glory hole and his consorts doing their own thing , ignoring him.-- FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION of angel Hussain -saheb!!

Shiva Lingam is NOT Shiva's erect penis as per Vatican propaganda. It is his pineal gland. In any case Hussain Saab's own Mecca has a Shiva lingam mounted horizontally at the SE corner of Kaaba. This is the core of Mecca mosque spirituality. Before all were allowed to kiss it--now they have to point at it during every anti-clockwise pradiskhanam.



IF YOU DENIGRATE A RABID JEW YOU ARE ANTI-SEMITIC AND CAN BE THROWN INTO JAIL, BUT IF YOU PAINT HINDU GODS IN SEXUAL ORGIES, AS MF HUSSAIN DID , IT IS A GOOD THING- RIGHT?




ABOVE:  The Trojan Horse is a tale from the Trojan war about the stratagem that allowed the Greeks finally to enter the city of Troy and end the conflict. After a fruitless 10-year siege, the Greeks constructed a huge wooden horse, and hid a select commando force of soldiers inside, and left  this parting gift in front of the walls of the city of Troy. This giant wooden horse which appeared to be an offering to Athena -- a peace offering.. The Greeks then pretended to sail away.  The jubilant Trojans dragged the monstrous, wheeled, wooden horse into their city , as a trophy , to celebrate the end of the 10 years of fighting. That night, while the Trojans were more than a little comatose from too much drinking and merry making , the Greeks slipped quietly out the trap door Odysseus had had built in the Trojan horse's belly.  They opened the huge doors of the walled city , let in the invaders from outside , set fire to the city--and won a war they had no hope of winning.


IN THE VIDEO BELOW --ROTHSCHILD'S BIGGEST WEALTH ADDITION WAS TIPU SULTANS GOLD.IN 1799 -- ONE YEAR AFTER NATHAN WAS SENT TO LONDON BY HIS FATHER-- THE OWNER OF BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY.


.
pl read my posts by punching into google search--

WINSTON CHURCHILL, HENCHMAN OR HERO- VADAKAYIL


MURKY TRUTHS OF INFLATION AND GLOBALISATION- VADAKAYIL


AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITE WASHING CHURCHILL'S INDIAN HOLOCAUST- VADAKAYIL

Time to start thinking with your brains rather than your hearts.

Today if a foreign terrorist ( like Purulia arms drop ) is put in jail, immediately an Indian NGO will fight for him to be put in a AC hospital, quoting health problems. 




A word of caution about Kiran Bedi. She enjoys being called by the moniker CRANE Bedi.  Let it be on record, it was a male traffic police sub-inspector who challaned Indira Gandhi's white ambassador DHD1817, changing upholstery at Handa and C, Yusufzai market, Connaught place Delhi.  Indira Gandhi was in USA on that day. Kiran Bedi did NOT take action against him.  This does NOT make here CRANE Bedi.  



Playing to the gallery in a team meant to control corruption, and crying out stupid things like " Anna is India and India is Anna" - shows her immaturity at this old age.  Perceptive Indians know that she reached this far in life,  by scoring helluva lot of brownie points. 

Kiran Bedi's new moniker is "CHEAT BEDI".  Our lady jets in economy class and charges double  IN/ OUT first class fare from two separate organisers in same city for travel expense reimbursement.  Mind you, she is kingpin of Team Anna "Super-Police" for anti-corruption.
Why are Indian NGOs so fond of saving foreign criminals?  Why are foreign forces so particular in saving certain Indian criminals, in the name of human rights?.



LISTEN UP-- ALL YOU SHREWD , ANTI-NATIONAL  FOREIGN FUNDED NGO PARTY -- A LONG STAY IN HOT AND SCRATCHY INDIAN JAILS AWAITS ALL OF YOU--  THE LONG ARM OF THE LAW WILL SOON CATCH UP WITH YOU.




Above Christian NGO and foreign funded NDTV , who keeps pricking Hinduism wants to know why women are NOT allowed in Sabarimala temple. The reason is 6000years old-- Lord Ayyappa the diety was a confirmed bachelor.  This low IQ woman Barkha Dutt ( caught red handed in Nira Radia corruption case ) will never DARE to ask a Muslim priest why women are NOT allowed in mosques.




Today hardly any Indian knows that British East India company was owned by drug runners German Jew Rothschild. 

Nobody knows that 1.2 million Indians were used to replace African slaves and scattered all around the world as Indentured labour,  on direct orders from Rothschild to their stooge in Britsih Parliament , John Gladstone who was one of the biggest slave traders. As a reward, his son William Gladstone was made the Prime Minister of Britain.



A US-based and funded Christian charity NGO working in Orissa claimed that RSS extremists were offering money and alcohol to mobs to kill Christians and destroy their homes
According to Wiki leaks Congress party's general secretary Rahul Gandhi remarked to US Ambassador Timothy Roemer, at a luncheon hosted by Prime Minister of India at his residence in July 2009, that 'Hindu radicalized groups ( read as RSS ) posed a bigger threat' to India than the Laskar E Toiba.”  We Indians deserve all this crap on our faces --
yes!.

SEE THE VIDEO BEOW, WHERE A REFERENDUM CONDUCTED BY TEAM ANNA DECLARED THAT RAHUL AND SONIA HAD 99.5% AND 99% PEOPLE AGAINST THEM IN AMETHI AND RAI BAREILLI.  

CHEAT TEAM ANNA-- CHEAT KEJRIWAL --ALL CHEATS-- 

Our Manmohan Singh , Sonia Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi , Chidambaram, Pranab Mukerjee , Antony are angels compared to these foreign NGO funded cheats.


Under what yardstick does Anna Hazare want right to recall to be applicable only to our democratically elected MPs’.   Are we to lump Ayatollah Anna Hazare selected core members-- ( all with an agenda )--  down our throats, even if we find them corrupt ( Kiran Bedi—inflated flight bills,  Prashant Bhushan—Kashmir for Pakistan,  Shanti Bhushan – bizarre heart of plant income tax re-imbursement case ,  Kejriwal— receiving foreign funds when he was in Govt of India service etc) and going beyond their “anti –corruption “  brief.

Putin has clamped down on anti-national activities by Western Trojan horses. Under the new Russian law, any material foreign funded NGO groups distributed would have to come with a warning that it was written by a foreign agent, and organizations would have to file detailed quarterly financial reports. 

Failure to comply would bring fines of up to 5,000 rubles ($155 USD) for members, 50,000 rubles ($1,550 USD ) for the heads of these organizations and up to 1 million rubles ($31,100 USD) for the organizations themselves. Anyone who continued to participate in organizations that violated the rules could be fined up to 300,000 rubles ($9,400 USD ) or sent to prison for two years. 

Most foreign funded NGOs in Russia have said they will comply with the law if it is passed, although they worry that such intensive bookkeeping will slow them down.




Above video: BODY ORGAN HARVESTING is a multi-billion dollar industry. The biggest harvesting field on this planet is India.
*******************************************************************************
ETHNIC CLEANSING OF BLACK SKINNED PEOPLE IN LIBYA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

GEORGE ORWELLS 1984 COME TRUE--   THE GREAT LIBYAN MASSACRE AND WESTERN MEDIA LIE --   LIBYAN GENOCIDE AND HOLOCAUST IGNORED BY ALL-- FORCED CANNIBALISM UNDER THREAT OF LYNCHING 

HOW MANY OF YOUR HEARD OF WATER WARS?







HOW MANY OF YOU HEARD OF MOHAMMAD GADDAFI ?

HE WAS FIRST DECLARED AS A MAD DOG, BY R CONTROLLED ZIONISTS AND THEN MURDERED LIKE ONE.

EVER HEARD OF THE 8TH WONDER OF THE WORLD?

This was the brain child of Gaddafi—a great hero of the Libyan people.



He made the the Great Man-Made River is a network of pipes that supplies water to the Sahara Desert in Libya, from the Nubian Sandstone Aquifer System fossil aquifer. It is the world’s largest irrigation project and the largest underground network of pipes and aqueducts in the world.

 It consists of more than 1,300 wells, most more than 500 m deep, and supplies 6,500,000 m³ of fresh water per day to the cities of Tripoli, Benghazi, Sirt and elsewhere.  

The Nubian Sandstone Aquifer System fossil aquifer contains pristine fresh water ,the best on the planet, fossil water or paleowater is groundwater that has remained sealed in an aquifer since the last ice age .
Fossil water is, by definition, a non-renewable resource.  



Whereas most aquifers are naturally replenished by infiltration of water from precipitation, fossil aquifers are those that get little or no recharge. The Zionist want this water. The same way the Zionist want all the gas under the Sahara Desert— till then there will be terrorism in Algeria.

The Nubian Aquifer is located underground in the Eastern end of the Sahara Desert and spans the political boundaries of four countries in north-eastern Africa.   NSAS covers a land area spanning just over two million km2, including north-western Sudan, north-eastern Chad, south-eastern Libya, and most of Egypt.

A month after the DELIBERATE destruction of the Great Man-Made River, more than 60% of Libya was without running water.

Ultimately a predetermined Solution was implemented: in order to have access to fresh water, the inhabitants of the war-torn country had no choice but to fully depend on – and thus to be enslaved to – the NATO-installed government.

UNSCR Rule 54. Attacking, destroying, removing or rendering useless objects indispensable to the survival of the civilian population is prohibited.

All these laws are NOT applicable to NATO and Zionists.

On 22 July during the 2011 Libyan civil war, one of the two plants making pipes for the project, the Brega Plant, was pulverized hit by a NATO air strike.  



The total cost of the project is projected at more than US$ 26 billion. Libya has completed the work to date without the financial support of Rothschild controlled banks or loans from Rothschild controlled World Bank.

Gaddafi gave water to his people FREE. 

Scientists estimate the amount of water to be equivalent to the flow of 200 years of water in the Nile River.   The 80 Trillion USD  Blue Gold in Libya, that caught the love of Zionist Bankers. 




I am a sailor and have visited Libyan ports Misurata, Tripoli, Sidra,Benghazi several times over the past 4 decades. I don't need BBC or CNN to tell me how it was there.



Libya under Mohammad Gaddafi was a stable and happy country. Yes, indeed Gaddafi was a dictator, who liberated his country from a tyrant and puppet to the British and West -- King Idris Sanussi. Being a revolutionary himslef, he had his own form of democracy running, called Jamahiriya. He was NOT an active micro-manager.



A couple of my friends have served on ships flagged in Libya, with full Libyan crew. As early as the seventies SCI ( Indian National Shipping Company ) has an office in Libya.



Yes, Gaddafi stayed on the throne way too long--he was indeed guilty of that. But then has not the queen of England also been on the throne for too long?. 

But most of the charges against him of funding terrorists and him being a blood drenched murderer and rapist is all bull. One man's freedom fighter is another man's terrorist these days.

All the Libyans I spoke to were all praise for Gaddafi, nobody called him a tyrant or "mad dog" even in whispers, unless I by some strange coincidence spoke to all the people on the wrong side of the fence.



Libya was the most stable and most developed country in the continent of Africa. I have been to all the countries on the African coast with a coast line.  

Libya is a very rich country with enormous untapped oil reserves--excellent grade oil.

Before the uprising the standard of living and HDI in Libya was much higher than most of the white developed nations of the world.



Let me think of what made Gaddafi so popular with his country men. 

He modernised the country , gave his subjects a high standard of living ( GDP 14200 USD ) , and all his countrymen were grateful. 

They never mentioned that he was unstable and under delusion as per propaganda of NATO.



1) He was a constant thorn in the flesh of the West and it made the Muslims very happy-- as they were at the receiving end all over the world. He symbolised Muslim pride. I am a Hindu and I don't need to take sides.

2) He gave every newly wed sufficient money to build luxury homes.

3) Gaddafi made sure his people were literate, by sponsoring scholarships abroad. As many as 9% students went abroad. Even today the Libyan literacy percentage is 84% which is higher that most of the white Christian countries. There was hardly any literacy when he grabbed power 42 years ago.

4)All loans  given by Gaddafi to his subjects was a ZERO percentage interest, as prescribed by Islam, and there was no partiality.

5) There are so many cars in Libya because Gaddafi paid 50% of the cost.

6) Gaddafi gave FREE electricity to his subjects .

7) Gaddafi gave FREE health care to his subjects. He used his national resources to sent seriously sick people abroad for costly treatment.

8)Petrol and diesel was dirt cheap at 13 US cents--cheaper than water. This will never be the same again , as the West have now spread their tentacles and will siphon off Libya's oil, by putting grease money in the Rothschild's Swiss banks of new leaders who will all be puppets. As of today the gasoline is 32 times more expensive, than what it was 8 months ago.

9)All farmers who would produce were given FREE land, and equipment. Livestock was given free too.

10)On 1st July 2011 , 1.9 million people rallied in Libya expressing support to Gaddafi.  Videos and reports of the count are there all over internet. This was 1/3 of Libya's population.

11) The Central Bank of Libya was state owned , and NOT a Rothschild controlled bank or IMF stooge. All the countries of the world have Rothschild controlled branched except Libya, Syria, Iran, Cuba, and North Korea.  So Syria is next in line for decaptitation after Libya, then Iran, then North Korea.



12) Food and infrastructure was subsidised.

13) 70% of Libya's water supply is from a amazing but costly "man made river " devised by Gaddafi.

14) The women in Libya were free , without any dress codes. They could take up jobs anywhere. 

15) There were NIL homeless people and destitutes in Libya.

16) The unemployment benefit was 735 USD.

17) Every new born is paid 7000 USD.

18) To open a business a one time financial assiatnce of 20000 USD.

19) Education was free throughout.









Gaddafi's dictator ship was a form of direct democracy, unlike Arabian oil rich kingdoms supported by the West, because they are their type of dictators.

If Gaddafi was indeed so unpopular with his people why has it taken NATO 8 months to dislodge him with rebels having superior weapons. Why did it take NATO more than 26.100 air missions and 150 US drone strikes, which killed thousands of civilians including women and children ?



The second biggest mistake he made was to try and start a new pan African currency THE GOLD DINAR, to upstage the Dollar and the Euro, in collaboration with Arab and African countries for oil transactions . Th real reason of revolution was NOT Libyan people's discontent , but IMF and Rothschild bankers discontent, who cannot tolerate plummeting Dollar and Euro.

The biggest mistake Gaddafi made was to warm up to friendly overtures of West leaders in the recent past and allow NGOs funded by foreign bankers into his country. A lot of security private agencies cropped up mysteriously.




So weeks before the invasion of NATO controlled rebels, a new National Central bank was created under the control of Rothschild bankers and IMF.  Are we to believe that uneducated rebels running around with huge NATO provided guns , screaming Allaho Akbar made this bank, in a jiffy?

There has been open ethnic cleansing of BLACK SKINNED PEOPLE by the NATO supported rebel forces all over Libya, which only the Wall Street journal had the guts to expose. 



Black skinned people were hunted down and killed on the streets. 



Even US President Obama did NOT want to rub the kingmakers Zionist Rothschild bankers the wrong way, and has kept quiet. 



I remember when Obama became president of USA the Black man was so proud all over the world. They felt he would take care of the oppressed black man all over the planet in his watch.




Was it so damn difficult to notice single minded hunt and systematic massacre of blackskinned people by light skinned people over the past 3 months?  



Abandoned homes of black people have been scrawled with the Libyan equivalent of "niggers"by so called NATO's liberators. 



Western field reporters are all guilty of war crimes, by their solidarity and complicity by silence. They have been sent there to report the truth, NOT subvert truth. 



Could they not see a pattern where black skinned cadavers were stripped of flesh using butchers knives , with blood on the mouths of some, indicating "forced cannibalism". Most black dead bodies had either signs of severe torture or were shot from behind at close quarters with hands tied.

http://youtu.be/Xmi_ADpY5YQ

Click on link above to see video of forced cannibalism. Women and children ( below 18 ) are not allowed to watch this.



But then being a BLACK MUSLIM does not make you a valuable citizen of this planet , manipulated by White Christians powers and Zionist bankers right? 

Look into the video below only if you are stout hearted.

 

What a crying shame. UN, ICC, BBC, CNN --everybody have lost their sheen. All this will come out in another one month--just wait and see. The NTC ( National transitional council ) appointed by NATO are just puppets.

 

 

Africa was full of blacks before invaders came in. Even today the black Libyan citizen forms a sizable percentage of the population.



So the West have introduced democracy to Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya , and saved the people , right.

Gaddafi's convoy was bombed by a French NATO aircraft. When he was caught, by the imperialist controlled rebels he asked them " Do you know right from wrong?" 
. 


These words will echo in Libya in future when Libyans see their precious oil getting stolen in front of their own eyes-- just wait and see. 


The "father of modern Libya"  was given a official welcome in White house before he was killed like the "mad dog" on the street--in less than 2 years. 



This hollow victory on paper, will rankle all Arabs, Africans and Muslims more than the Jerusalem massacre by Templar knights .



Qatar royal family funded Al Jazeera went one step ahead of all , to do propaganda that Gaddafi distributed Viagra to his soldiers to do mass rape.



To paint Gaddafi as a coward, the West gave propaganda that he was caught hiding in a drain hole like a rat-- , and one who begged shaking in fear " Don't shoot! Don't shoot!!"-- all bull..

 

“We strongly believe that the Libyan people today are inspiring the people in Tehran, Damascus, and even in Beijing and Moscow--  Libyans [...] continue to inspire the world and demonstrate that dictators can be overthrown replacing them with the freedom and democracy”.—Senator John McCain


"Do not fear your enemies, The worst they can do is kill you. Do not fear your friends, At worst, they may betray you. Fear those who do not care, They neither kill nor betray, but betrayal and murder exists because of﻿ their silent consent"-- -Bruno Jasienski



Amnesty International controlled by Zionists is now finished with Libya, and will concentrate on Syria as its next target, and the Iran. The Golan heights fresh water for Israel has been secured already. Palestinian suffering is in its blind sector!


 

George Orwell's 1984 ( subordination to a collective greater good by Big Brother's incessant mind control  ) is now truly upon this planet. Ironically, wars protect the elite from notice and criticism not only because of the fact that they are diversionary, but because many “lowers” unconsciously compensate for their low position by becoming super patriots. As such, these people become valuable allies of the elite—without becoming aware of the fact that they are acting against their interests in so doing. 




See video below, Gaddafi getting murdered on the streets.


The rebel crowd who murdered Muammar Gaddafi contained merceneries under the direct control of Jew French president Nicolas Sarkozy, who has enormous underhand financial dealings with him.  No need to repay, no need for beans to be spilled after a lie detector test and grilling in Kangaroo courts.


 

WAR IS PEACE.  


The wealth of the country flees the land
Like cottonseed on a wind
Blown by the fetid breath
Of money-pimps in Bedlam
Pursuing the creed of masters
Who worship a market freed 
Of all restraints on greed -
While politicians posture
And feed on delusions of power 

( by -- alfred mendez ) 

MURDER IS THE SOLUTION.
 



Reports have emerged that some bloodied bodies were found on the streets , with proper surgical incisions and missing kidneys -- .


The Libyan job now over, the Zionist funded Islamic rebels will move to Syria.   President Assad will be supported by Russia.  



The Zionist funded and armed supported Sunni rebels will fail in water rich Syria ( Euphrates/ Tigris / Orontes / Yarmouk Rivers ) and they will move on to softer oil rich targets .



Water rich Golan Heights belonging to Syria was captured by Israeli troops in 1967 during the Arab-Israel war. Tel Aviv has not return the land to Syria , with covert US and Zionist support..


This is how a Frankenstein is born.

The Zionist west who ran over Libya predominately working under the banner of the NATO and the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC),  consisting of crypto Jew royal bloodline kings installed by Rothschild .

The Jews worked well in advance to take over the oil and fresh water wealth of Libya. They first infiltrated the Jamahiriya’s government, security and intelligence sectors. Gaddafi made the mistake of allowing too many western NGOs –all of whom were Zionist Jew funded Trojan horses.
  
The British and French held joint invasion exercises months before the Libyan conflict various intelligence services and foreign military commandos from NATO and GCC countries were also on the ground in Libya helping to prepare for the destabilisation of Libya.

They gave Gaddafi a bad name using the Zionist monopolized media how women are getting raped daily by soldiers –Gaddafi distributed viagra tablets for this purpose ( sic). The Libyans loved Gaddafi and he was a patriot..

The victims crushed by Zionist funded merceneries were grossly portrayed as the aggressors in the conflict.  

While the Transitional Council’s forces, augmented by mercenaries and foreign fighters, were torturing, raping, and murdering civilians and those that were standing in their way with the aid of NATO and the GCC, 

Muammar Qadhafi was exclusively blamed for all the violence inside Libya. Day after day the world was fed with false stories of how Gaddfai had become mad.

 Foreign journalists and human rights organistations meanwhile infiltrated Libya and PAINTED target to be bombed and missled.

They played the most critical roles in assisting NATO’s war effort by passing on information about Libyan targets and checkpoint locations to the Zionist wolves.

The Tavistock institute , and series of Rothschild funded human rights organisations and think-tanks were utilised for preparing the stage for the conflict in Libya and the toppling of its government.

These organisations all part of a network that had been working in the shadows to establish the mechanisms for justifying interventionism and creating the net of individuals and public faces needed for creating a proxy government in Libya in the false name of “democracy.”

When the time came, these bodies coordinated with the NATO powers and the mainstream media in the project to isolate Gaddafi.

These FAKE  human rights organisations and the mainstream media networks worked together to propagate lies about African mercenaries, Libyan military jet attacks on civilians, gassing of civilians , rapes of school girls, and civilian massacres by Muammar Gaddafi’s regime.

International news networks extensively quoted these FAKE human rights organisations in what would amount to a self-fuelled cycle of misinformation,

All Gaddafi’s despeate pleas to UN for neutral  international investigation teams were ignored.

The Zionists used UN Security Council to launch its war of aggression against Libya under the pretext of protecting civilians and enforcing a no-fly zone over the Arab country.

The cowboy riding posse become so brave when they do NOT have to fight anybody—just drop bombs –flatten the enemy from air and then hold ticker tape parades for GREAT bravery—while acyually it was astounding cowardice and lack of integrity.

The broader objectives of this criminal war were part of the Jewish and Bilderberg conspiracy to control the African continent and its vast wealth.
  
The covert aim was to prevent BRICS from entering Libya whose standard of living was better than most European nations. 

Libya had enormous  oil and gas resources, a mindboggling amount of ice age pristine e Nubian Sandstone Aquifer underground water , important trade routes, substantial foreign investments, and large amounts of liquid capital.

Libya possessed more than US$153 billion in overseas financial assets and had one of the largest sovereign investment funds in the world at the start of 2011.

Thousands of foreign workers from every corner of the globe went to Libya for employment.

This included nationals from nations like Canada, Italy, France, Ukraine, Turkey etc.

When Libya was granted its independence by the United Nations on December 24, 1951, it was described as one of the poorest and most backward nations of the world.

Ever since the coup against Rothschild installed  crypto Jew King Idris ( El Sayyid Prince Muhammad Idris bin Muhammad al-Mahdi as-Senussi)  by patriot Gaddafi in 1969 , Libya started surging ahead .

This sub-sect Walad Sibi Abdalla of Sannussi tribe was Jewish . During World War II the Senussi tribe provided vital support to Rothschild and Donmeh Jews  . 

The Grand Senussi's ( Sayyid Muhammad ibn Ali as-Senussi.) grandson became King Idris of Libya in 1951.  

Rothschild’s historians lied that Sennussi lineage is descended from the Prophet Mohammed.

In 1946, Idris was given the British Order of Grand Cross by Rothschild- all gassed and primed up to rule Libya. 

In 1951 a crypto Jew national congress elected Idris as King of Libya, and as Idris I he proclaimed as a sovereign state . 

All Libya’s wealth would be channeled to Rothschild—Idris had to follow Rothschild agent Jew Adriaan Pelt’s instructions.

ALL OIL RICH DESRT KINGDOMS MUST ESSENTIALLY HAS A CRYPTO JEW KING WHO PRETENDS TO BE A DEVOUT MUSLIM .   THESE KINGS WILL NEVER SPEAK AGAINST ISRAEL.

National assets have been sold off to foreign corporations and privatised.


Libya is no longer the No 1 economic power in Africa anymore.



It is better to be united in truth

Than to be united in error.  
 

It is better to tell the truth that hurts - then heals,

Than to tell a lie that heals then kills.  
 

It is better to be hated for telling the truth, Than to be loved for telling a lie.

It is better to ultimately win with the truth, Than to temporarily succeed with a lie.  


- US State Senator Edwin Gochenour (1953 1999)

EVIL GAME OF ZIONIST JEWS
*******************************************************************************
PUSKAS , THE SOCCER LEGEND - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
TRIBUTE TO A SOCCER LEGEND,  FERENC PUSKAS-- The Nikola Tesla of soccer


Puskas who?

Before Maradona and Pele --there was Puskas-- THE ORIGINAL No 10

Well, the new generation needs introduction to this mighty giant of soccer. He is the greatest legend of them all, even greater than Maradona or Pele. 

He was under rated by the west, as it was in fashion to do communist bashing-- for Ferenc Puskas was a Hungarian from a communist country.

Let me build up some perspective now--

Watch the video down below-- it is a Nike Advertisement which shows Brazilian Ronaldinho playing with a new pair of Nike shoes. He hits the cross bar 4  times. It is an advertisement,  which is edited of course. 

 

The modern giants like Christiano Ronaldo or Messi cannot do this-- wearing shoes, NOT allowing the ball to touch the ground and hitting the crossbar MORE THAN FOUR TIMES IN A ROW.  

Maradona with his magical ball contol could have done it at his prime , definitely NOT Pele.

 

Above video is Brazilian Ronaldo's answer to Ronaldinho's cross bar strike. Here he nets the ball after htiing the post on vertical and horizontal bars-- the kick must be spot on to an inch !
Puskas passed away 5 years ago, un-noticed unsung. 

The people who knew what he was worth gave tributes, acknowledging the passing away of a legend. 

George Best had this to say  QUOTE:  I was with (Bobby) Charlton, (Denis) Law and Puskás, we were coaching in a football academy in Australia. The youngsters we were coaching did not respect him including making fun of his weight and age...We decided to let the guys challenge a coach to hit the crossbar 10 times in a row, obviously they picked the old fat one. Law asked the kids how many they thought the old fat coach would get out of ten.  Most said less than five.  George Best said ten.  The old fat coach stepped up and hit nine in a row.  For the tenth shot he scooped the ball in the air, bounced it off both shoulders and his head, then flicked it over with his heel and cannoned the ball off the crossbar on the volley.  They all stood in awed silence then one kid asked who he was, I replied, "To you, his name is Mr. Puskás".-- UNQUOTE

All above witnesses to this amazing feat, were super heavy weights in soccer.

George Best-- Voted in 2011 as Manchester United's best footballer ever.

Sir Bobby Charlton-- Maximum appearanced for Manchester United ( 758 ) till Ryan Giggs broke this record in 2008.

Denis Law- Scored 46 goals for Manchester United in one single season forMU and 237 goals in 401 appearances..


Even when Puskas was playing active soccer , terrorising defenders and goalkeepers world wide, he was the butt of all jokes, for being overweight and having a gargantuan beer belly.

In 1953 the Hungarian soccer team arrived at Wembley stadium on 25th Nov 1953, to play the "match of the century". Mighty England was unbeaten for 52 years at home.  The Hungarian team was known as the " Magical Magyars " -- the soccer dominating power of those days, with Puskas being the Chief magician. 

One of the English players getting over confident cried " Look at that little fat chap. We will murder them!".  Very few judgements made on this planet could have been more wide off target.


England were overplayed nay drubbed -- the score read 6-3, with the little fat man , the Captain of Hungary scoring twice .  

A year later at Budapest in a match touted as "payback time match" ,  England , the self styled masters of the magnificent game were again mercilessly humiliated and slaughtered 7-1.  England was totally demolished as a world footballing power, and their soccer foundations were shaken.. 

Even today the English remember his classic drag back goal.



Nobody had ever seen such footballing skills exhibited by one fat , squat man who had no right foot. no header and NIL fitness. He made up by sheer left foot canon shot power, amazing ball control and  supreme footballing intelligence.on the field.  

Nobody could steal the ball from this tiny powerhouse. 

He was the purest striker the world would ever see.

Puskas could anticipate, he was a magician. Today I wonder, if Puskas had 1/4th fitness of Cristiano Ronaldo, what he would have been.

His left foot was a thunderbolt, and he terrorised goalkeepers from 35 metres away. Those days the leather ball was very heavy and would not play ball to  "bend it like Beckham " modern day shots.

Puskas was my childhood hero. Often I would read his soccer comic strips ( Hotspur, Hornet, Boy's world, Sportweek ) and day dream .



Starting from the tender age of 18, he scored 84 goals in 85 international matches, till he retired at the age of 39 in 1966. His career tally stands at 1176 goals . Pele does NOT even come close, as second best.


Puskas had scored 157 goals in 182 games for Real Madrid. They have NOT forgotten this giant among giants on the soccer field, who gave them 5 La Liga championships in a row.  After his death in 2006, at the age of 79, they gave him a pre-game RIP tribute. 

See video below.

 


Puskas and his Real Madrid partner Argentinian Alfredo De Stefano as partner, was the  most feared finishing duo in international soccer.

Puskas was the core of the Hungarian team which went unbeaten for a world record 32 games, during which they became Olympic Champions in 1952.

No wonder for the 1954 World Cup , Hungary flew in as top contenders. Puskas played the first two matches. In the first game Hungary clinically demolished South Korea 9-0 . 

Conspiracies were soon hatched by the West. How dare a communist team , take the limelight in this manner. 

In the second game against West Germany , Puskas was marked by Greman butcher Werner Liebrich  who felled him repeatedly and mercilessly, with the western referee looking the other way. 

Puskas got a hairline fracture on his ankle and retired , still Hungary won easily 8-3.  Puskas with 3 goals in his kitty,  was ruled out of the World cup and he risked his footballing career if he played with a painful hairline fracture.

In the next game the Brazilians being poor losers invaded the Hungarian dressing room after the match and attacked them.  In the free for all Brazilian coach Zeze Moreira punched and slapped the Hungarian sports minister.


In the semi-finals ,without Puskas,  Hungary struggled against Uruguay, had to play an epic 120 minutes and were exhausted --they won 4-2. 

The 1954 World Cup finals was at Wankdorf stadium Berne against West Germany, whom they had slaughtered 8-3 before. 

The playground was deliberately made slushy by excessive watering, which suited the Germans playing with special Adidas shoes, while Hungarians had communist soccer boots without cleats.

60000 people crammed into the stadium , to watch the "magical Magyars" who had NOT lost in 4 years.

It is now understood, after extensive study of footage by University of Leipzig that the Germans were injected with steroid drugs Methamphitamine , before the match and also orally during the half break, making them indefatigable. The German players were told it was Vitamin C injection, and those days there were no drug tests..

Puskas declared himself fit, a huge sacrifice though he was limping. Within 6 minutes of the start of the game, Puskas scored.  Two minutes later Hungarian forward Czibor scored again. 

After that what happened is still a mystery to the whole world. 

Today people say that some Hungarian players were bribed. In the rain, hard and rough playing Germany clawed back and scored thrice.  

Just before the end of the game Puskas scored a beauty, past goalkeeper Terek , but this goal was disallowed by the British referee William Ling, supported by the Welsh linesman Mervyn Griffiths.  

Everybody were stunned as the goal was clearly legitimate. 

It was obvious that even God could not make COMMUNIST Hungary win that day, -- it was all fixed.

THE 1954 WORLD CUP ISTODAY KNOWN IN SPORTS QUIZ PROGRAMMES AS THE "CUP WHICH HUNGARY LOST"

 


In a career spanning 23 years Puskas won 3 European cups, 10 national championships, and 8 top individual top scorer awards. 

He is remembered for his grace, great heart and jovial nature, unlike the cold and snooty players,  like Cristiano Ronaldo nowadays.



Probably being from a communist country, and that too a Major in the army cost him a place in the glorious annals of football. In Oct 2009, FIFA made late amends by introducing FIFA Puskas award for the "most beautiful goal".


For me it will be Maradona , and Puskas neck to neck-- with Maradona winning by a small margin, or the 2nd brightest star of the footballing skies.  Pele is far behind, almost lack lustre.  



The Hungarian dream team with amazing team dynamics , of 1953/ 54  can never ever be surpassed. 

Grosics, Buzánszky, Lóránt, Lantos, Bozsik, Zakariás, Budai II, Kocsis, Hidegkuti,﻿ Puskás, Czibor! -- MAGICAL MAGYARS.



WOW!!
*******************************************************************************
SEEING IS BELIEVING, RIGHT? -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

ENJOY !







































MAYA-- 

ARE YOU IN A VEIL OF DELUSION IN YOUR DAILY LIFE?   

DO PEOPLE TAKE YOU FOR A RIDE? 

ARE YOU GULLIBLE?

DEVELOP YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS. 



MY BLOG POSTS ARE ALL ABOUT REMOVING THE VEIL OF MAYA.


Matter is created from vibrations.
Lord Krishna told Prince Arjuna on the battlefield of Kurukshetra  in 4000 BC—(Bhagavad Gita, Ch. 14, Verse 3 ) "My womb is the great Nature (Prakriti or MAYA).  In that I place the germ (embryo of life). Thence is the birth of all beings."



In 4000 BC, when Arjun of Mahabharata shot an arrow into the red ruby eye of a unsteady floating magnetic compass revolving fish overhead, by looking at its reflection into a pool ripple at the bottom, ( to win the hand of princess Draupadi ) it was a supreme test of consciousness. 



(You may be aware that your animal or bird pets cannot see themselves in the mirror. Only a couple of animals like elephants and Chimp Bonobos can see themselves in a mirror.)



Below is a verse from the 7000 year old Vedas written in Sanskrit-- at this time the entire world was eating raw meat, wearing animal skins , doing grunt grunt for language and living in damp caves..




See the video below-- Nikola Tesla was instructed about Scalar waves and Akasha ( ZPF ) by the great Indian mystic Swami Vivekananda-- as contained in the Vedas.

Here things happen faster than speed of light. E= t MC2

where t is delta T or change of time.

When Scalarwaves hurtle through space , the flow of time gets temporarily redirected.

This is the principle of 7000 year old Brahma Astra or Scalar Interferometer --the super missile of Mahabharata war-- which honourable Nikola Tesla denied this planet and became a martyr to science.

Einstein was wrong when he said , nothing can travel faster than light-- our ancient Vedas say he is wrong.






Om Asato Maa Sadgamaya

Tamaso Maa Jyotir Gamaya

Mrityor Maa Amrtam Gamaya

O Lord please lead me from the unreal to

the real. Lead me from darkness to light

(i.e. from ignorance to knowledge).

Lead﻿ me from death to immortality.

May there be peace, peace and perfect peace.


THE BELOW VIDEO IS FOR ALL SMART ASSES WHO THINK THEIR SHIT DONT SMELL!
*******************************************************************************
SAY NO TO BIG BROTHER OF GEORGE ORWELL'S 1984- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



EXPAND YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS ,  LISTEN TO YOUR INNER VOICE. 






You must have seen the wall street protests all over the western world. They all know who big brother is, albeit a bit late.  


They have started to realize that a bunch of Zionist bankers are running the world and holding all at ransom.



They have realized that this inner Bilderberg group, is responsible for most of the misery on this planet.



It is no longer a secret who owns the US Federal reserve and manipulates IMF and world bank.  That Federal  reserve system is a form of slavery through debt, where it is literally impossible for society to be free.


In turn, free market capitalism in the form of free trade, uses debt to imprison the world and manipulate countries into subservience to a handful of large business and political powers.



The vast majority still does NOT know certain truths. 





All genuine criticism of Zionism is automatically branded and disqualified as "Anti-Semitism", "Discrimination". All public debate on the political abuse and misuse of "The Holocaust" is branded as "Revisionist Denial", "Antisemitism", "Hate Mongering", etc... This is all tantamount to Intellectual Terrorism.
 


War, poverty, corruption, hunger, misery, human suffering will not change in a monetary system . Monetary system has become so distorted that the concerns of the people are really secondary.  



We live in a world where o.5 % of the population owns 50% of the planets wealth.  In a world where 50.000 children die every single day from poverty and preventable diseases, and, where 55% of the world’s population lives on less than 2 dollars a day…


One thing is clear. Something is very wrong. And, whether we are aware of it or not, the lifeblood of all of our established institutions, and thus society itself, is money.



German Jews Rothschild owned the British East India company, which ruled India. They grew opium in India and sold it in China, and made their money . They stole all of India’s great wealth—the biggest swipe being Tipu Sultan’s enormous quantity of  gold in 1799 -- several hundred tonnnes, taken away in several ships. 




Now pl click on this link below and be 

shocked out of your pants--


you read this article by David Icke  "THEY DARE NOT SPEAK ITS NAME" and you will never be the same again.


 http://www.davidicke.com/articles/political-manipulation-mainmenu-72/42734-they-dare-not-speak-its-name-rothschild-zionism











Using this capital they set up banks. Today they own Central bank reserves. . Citibank, JP Morgan Chase, and Bank of America are the most powerful controllers within the corrupt Federal Reserve system. CNN, NBC, ABC, FOX and all the others present all news pre-filtered to do Zionist master’s propaganda.



A central bank is an institution that prints the currency of a entire nation. Based on historical precedent, two specific powers are inherent in central banking practice: the control of interest rates and the control of the money supply, or inflation. The central bank does not simply supply a government’s economy with money, it loans it to them at interest.



Then through the use of increasing and decreasing of supply of money the central bank regulates the value of the currency being issued. It is critical to understand that the entire structure of this system can only produce one thing in the long run: DEBT. Debt is the weapon use to conquer and enslave societies, and interest is it’s prime ammunition.




“There are two ways to conquer and enslave a nation. One is by the sword. The other is by debt” – John Adams, 1735-1826




Adam Smith an East India Employee is considered by the West as the " Father of Capitalism " and he wrote the book "Wealth of Nations" --the Bible of the Capitalists.




His theory was-- EVERY MAN IS ALLOWED TO PURSUE HIS HEDONISTIC DESIRES TO A LAWFUL CONCLUSION, AND THAT OPIUM IS A "LEGITIMATE PRODUCT" .  ALL OBSTACLES TO BUYING CHEAP AND SELLING DEAR MUST BE REMOVED, WHICH IS THE CORE OF GLOBALISATION...




Adam Smith, who laid out the blue print for fooling naive Indians into the Sepoy Mutiny of 1857, so that opium traders Rothschild can take over India, officially. He was responsible for the Chinese Opium misery. It was his idea.




The fundamental Perspective as put forth by early free market economists, like Adam Smith, is that self interest and competition leads to social prosperity, as the act of competition creates incentive, which motivates people to persevere.



It doesn’t take a lot of ingenuity to figure their scam now. For, every single dollar produced by the central bank is loaned at interest. That means every single dollar produced is actually the dollar plus a certain percent of debt based on that dollar. 



And since the central bank has the monopoly of the production of the currency for the entire country and they loan each dollar out with an immediate debt attached to it, where does the money that pay for the debt come from?


It can only come from the central bank again. Which means the central bank has to perpetually increase its money supply to temporarily cover the outstanding debt created which in turn, since that new money is loaned out at interest as well creates even more debt? 



The end result of this system without fail is slavery for it is impossible for the government, and thus the public, to ever come out of the self-generating debt.



The act of expanding the money supply without there being a proportional expand of good and services in the economy, will always debase a currency. Inflation is a constant in the economy, for new money is always needed to help cover the perpetual deficit built into the system, caused by the need to pay the interest.  With a ten dollar deposit, 10% or 1 dollar is held as the required reserve, while the other 9 dollars is considered an excessive reserve and can be used as the basis for new loans.




You are wrong when you assume that this 9 dollars  is  coming out of the existing 10 dollars deposit.. The truth is the 9 dollars is simply created out of thin air, on top of the existing 10 dollar deposit. This is how the money supply is expanded. 



Most of the Zionist bankers and their affiliates are ex-Opium runners and their agents  Families like  J.D. Rockefeller, J.P. Morgan, Paul Warburg, Baron Rothschild. And in they early 1900′s they sought to push once again legislation to create another central bank. However, they knew the Government and public were very wary of such an institution. So they needed to create an incident to affect the public opinion.


So J.P.Morgan, publicly considered a financial luminary at the time, exploited his mass influence by publishing rumours about a prominent bank in New York was bankrupt. Morgan new this would cause mass hysteria which would affect other banks as well. And it did. The public in fear of losing their deposits immediately began mass withdrawals. Consequently, the banks were forced to call in their loans causing their recipients to sell their property and thus the spiral of bankruptcies, repossessions and turmoil emerged.



The fractional reserve based monetary system is reaching it’s theoretical limits of expansion and the banking failures you are seeing are just the beginning. This is why inflation is skyrocketing, debt is at record levels and the government and FED are hemorrhaging new money to bailout the corrupt system.


For the only way to keep the banks going is by making more money. The only way to make more money is to create more debt and inflation. It is simply a matter of time before the tables turn and no one is willing to make new loans while defaults grow as people are unable to afford their current loans





Money is created in a bank, and it always ends up in a bank. The international Zionist bankers  are the true masters of the world nay—BIG BROTHER , along with the corporations and governments they support.



And as the majority walks around oblivious to this reality the banks in collusion with governments and corporations continue to perfect and expand their tactics of economic warfare, spawning new bases such as the World Bank and International Monetary Fund.




They have with their payroll , a new type of soldier, “the economic hit man”.



Let me tell you how the IMF and the World Bank work. They put a country in debt, and it’s such a big debt it can’t pay it, and then you offer to refinance the debt and pay even more interest. And you demand this quid pro quo which you call ‘conditionality’ or ‘good governance’ which means basically that they’ve gotta sell off their resources, including many of their social services, their utility companies, their school systems sometimes, their penal systems, their insurance systems, to foreign corporations.



T. Main Inc. Author: Confessions of an Economic Hitman, explains.



 “When Arbenz became president of Guatemala, the country was very much under the thumbs of United Fruit Company and the big international corporations. And Arbenz ran on this ticket that said ‘you know, we want to give the land back to the people.’ And once he took power, he was implementing policies that would do exactly that… give the land rights back to the people.



United Fruit didn’t like that very much. And so they hired a public relations firm, launched a huge campaign in the United States, to convince the United States people, the citizens of the United States, the press of the United States, and the congress of the United States, that Arbenz was a Soviet puppet, and that if we allowed him to stay in power the Soviets would have a foothold in this hemisphere. At that point in time this was a huge fear on everyones mind. The Red terror. The Communist terror. And so to make a long story short, out of this public relations campaign came a commitment on the part of the CIA and the military to take this man out.



And if fact we did. We sent in planes, we sent in soldiers, we sent in jackals, we sent everything in to take him out. And did take him out. And as soon as he was removed from office, the new guy that took over after him basically reinstated everything to the big international corporations including United Fruit.”



“Ecuador for many many years had been ruled by pro US dictators. Often relatively brutal. Then it was decided they were going to have a truly democratic election. Jaime Roldos ran for office, and his main goal he said as president would be to make sure that Ecuador’s resources would be used to help the people. And he won. Overwhelming. By more votes than anybody had ever won anything in Ecuador. And he began to implement these policies, to make sure that the profits from oil went to help the people.



Well… we didn’t like that in the United States. I was sent down as one of several economic hit men to change Roldos, to corrupt him, to bring him around, to let him know, you know ‘OK, you know, you can get very rich, you and your family if you play our game, but if you continue to try to keep these policies you’ve promised, you’re gonna go.’

He wouldn’t listen.  He was assassinated.



As soon as the plane crashed, the whole area was cordoned off. The only people allowed in were US military from a nearby base, and some of the Ecuadorian military. When an investigation was launched, two of the key witnesses died in car accidents before they had a chance to testify.



When a great nuclear scientist of India like Dr Homi Bhabha dies in a aircrash, don’t just take it for granted that it was natural.



These international Zionist bankers, fund NGOs in countries they want to control. Of course these NGOs in front of the smoke screen will be helping AIDS patients, saving the environment, safe guarding human rights, growing organic food, helping homeless children etc.


Behind the smoke screen they are the Masters of sleeper cells. At one single command they can get thousands on the streets of all major cities for well orchestrated protests. These Zionists will give human rights international awards to certain key elements, who can whip up mass support.


Even if only dozens turn up, their puppet TV stations will give propanda that hundreds of thousands have turned up, and that a popular movement is mushrooming. . One of the Zionist awards is Magsaysay award.


The Anna Hazare core group Kiran Bedi, Kejriwal, Sisodia are all Magsaysay award winners. They will get invited to foreign embassy cocktail dinners and will be told to come on Zionist funded TV channels on prime time and do propaganda, the way their masters tell them to do.



 THE ECONOMIC HITMAN EXPLAINS IN HIS BOOK--



“Iraq actually is a perfect example of the way the whole system works. We economic hit men are the first line of defense. We go in, we try to corrupt governments and get them to try to accept these huge loans which we then use as leverage, to basically own them. If we fail, as I failed in Panama with Omar Torrijos, and Ecuador with Jaime Roldos, men who refused to be corrupted, then the second line of defense is we send in the jackals. And the jackals either overthrow governments or they assassinate. And once that happens then a new government comes in and boy it’s gonna toe the line because the new president knows what will happen if he doesn’t.



In the case of Iraq, both of those things failed. The economic hit men were not able to get through to Saddam Hussein. We tried very hard. We tried to get him to accept a deal very similar to what the House of Saud had accepted in Saudi Arabia, but he wouldn’t accept it. And so the jackals went in to take him out. They couldn’t do it. His security was very good. After all, he at one time had worked for the CIA. He’d been hired to assassinate the former president of Iraq, and failed, but he knew the system.



So in ’91 we send in the troops and we take out the Iraqi military. So we assume at that point that Saddam Hussein is gonna come around. We could have taken him out, of course, at that time, but we didn’t want to. He’s the kind of strong man we like. He controls his people. We thought he could control the Kurds, keep the Iranians in their border, and keep pumping oil for us. And that once we took out his military, now he’s gonna come around.



So the have success. The jackals couldn’t take him out again, so we sent the military in once again and this time we did the complete job and took him out. And in the process created for ourselves some very very lucrative construction deals… had to reconstruct a country that we’d essentially just destroyed. Which is a pretty good deal if you own a construction companies, big ones.



So Iraq shows the three stages. The economic hit men failed there. The jackals failed there. And as a final measure the military goes in. It is NOT too difficult to see what happened in Iraq and Libya.



The more foreign Zionist funded NGOs you allow in your country, the more your freedom is in danger. The NGOs are trained how to scout around for local discontent and how to add fuel to the fire and fan the flames , as required by the foreign masters, to twist the arm of the ruling government..



This process of manipulation by the Corporatocracy through the use of debt, bribery and political overthrow is called: Globalization



Just as the Federal Reserve keeps the American public in a position of indentured servitude, though perpetual debt, inflation and interest. The World Bank and IMF serve this role on a global scale.



The basic scam is simple: Put a country in debt you divide is own in digression, or through corrupting the leader of that country, then impose “conditionalities” or “structural adjustment policies” often consisting of the following:



Currency devaluation. When the value of a currency drops, so does everything valued in it. This makes indigenous resources available to predator countries at a fraction of their worth.



Large funding cuts for social programs. These usually include education and health care, compromising the well-being and integrity of the society leaving the public vulnerable to exploitation.



Privatization of state-owned enterprises. This means that socially important systems can be purchased and regulated by foreign corporations for profit. For example in 1999 the World Bank insisted that the Bolivian government sell the public water system of it’s third-largest city to a subsidy of the US corporation “Bechtel”. As soon as this occurred water bills for the already impoverished local residents skyrocketed. It wasn’t until after full-blown revolt by the people that the Bechtel contract was nullified.



Then there is trade liberalization or the opening up of the economy through removing any restrictions on foreign trade. This allows for a number of abusive economic manifestations, such as transnational corporations bringing in their own mass-produced products undercutting the indigenous production and ruining local economies.


After accepting loans and conditionalities from the World Bank the country loses its  markets due to competition with western imports. Today countless farmers are out of work for they’re unable to compete with the large corporations. Another variation is the creation of numerous, seemingly unnoticed, unregulated, inhumane sweetshop-factories, which take advantage of the imposed economic hardship.



Due to production-deregulation, environmental destruction is perpetual as a country’s resources are often exploited by the indifferent corporations while outputting large amounts of deliberate pollution.



The World Bank is, a U.S. bank, supporting U.S and Zionist interests.



Of the world’s top 100 economies, as based on annual GDP,  51 are corporations. Out of that 51 are U.S. based. Walmart, General Motors, and Exxon, are more economically powerful than many rich countries.  And, as protective trade-barriers are broken down, currencies tossed together and manipulated in floating markets, and State economies overturned in favor of open competition in global capitalism, the empire expands.
    
The world is a college of corporations, inexorably determined by the immutable by laws of business.

                           

The World is being taken over by a hand-full of business powers who dominate the natural resources we need to live, while controlling the money we need to obtain these resources. The end result is world monopoly based not on human life but financial and corporate power. And, as the inequality grows, naturally, more and more people are becoming desperate.


So the establishment was forced to come up with a new way to deal with anyone who challenges the system. So they gave birth to the term “terrorist” .



The term ‘terrorist’ is an empty distinction designed for any person or group that chooses to challenge the establishment or big brother Zionist bankers. This isn’t to be confused with the fictional ‘Al Qaida’, which as actually the name of a computer database of the U.S.-supported Mujahadeen in the 1980′s.


In the Hollywood movie Rocky, after defeating the soviets in Afghanistan and pulverizing them with fire and fist power , Rambo rides away into the sunset with “allies” or “ cowboy posse” or “coalition”  Bin Laden and bearded and turbaned Taliban party behind him.



As of today there are more than 1.3 million people in the US terrorist watch list.



These so called “Counter-Terrorism Measures” of course had nothing to do with social protection, and everything to do with preserving the establishment amongst the growing Anti-American sentiment both domestically and internationally, which is legitimately founded on the greed based corporate empire expansion that is exploiting the world.



The true terrorists of our world, do not meet at dark nooks ,for some violent action. The true terrorists of our world, wear 5000 dollar suits, and work in the highest positions of finance, government and business in plush offices.




Today US universities take brilliant students from all over the world for their high tech subjects like computer science and electronics. The very first day itself the students are told bluntly by their professors. “What ever projects you do must sell, and a buyer must be interested in paying—or else you will fail” . Literally these genius students create fantastic projects, most of which are new INVENTIONS.  The student hardly get 6 hours sleep a day. Literally thousands working for FREE in “sweatshops” , churning out valuable output, with NIL personal credits.



There are covert institutions, like the Bilderberg Group, which behind closed doors collude to control the political, financial, social, and environmental elements of our lives? Recently people have got wiser, and this group were exposed after some eaves –dropping.  Lot of information leaked  when they did their meet in Turkey. Little did this core group realize that their shady and diabolical sessions were getting monitored and bugged.



You’re not born with bigotry, and greed, and corruption, and hatred. You pick that up within the capitalist society.  The USA, the most privatized capitalist country on the planet,  has the largest prison population in the world.  Growing amazingly fast every year. Statistically, most of these people are uneducated and come from poor deprived societies.


Contrary to propaganda, it is this environmental conditioning which lures them into criminal and violent behavior. However, society looks the other way in regard to this point . Billions are spent each year on prisons and police, while only a fraction is spent on programs for poverty, which is one of the most fundamental variables responsible for crime to begin with.



And as long as we have an economic system which creates scarcity and deprivation, crime will never go away. If people have access to the necessities of life without servitude, debt, barter trade; they behave very differently. 


People are trained to believe that the monetary system produces incentive. If they have access to things, why should they want to do anything? They will lose their incentive. That’s what you’re taught to support the monetary system If you make a painting that you enjoy, you will enjoy giving it to other people, not selling it, at inflated prices secured by vested interests in a rogue manner..



This tendency to resist change and uphold existing institutions for the sake of identity, comfort, power and profit is completely unsustainable; and will only produce further imbalance, fragmentation, distortion, and very invariably destruction. We face strong barriers in the form of established power structures that refuse to change. Being wrong is erroneously associated with failure. When in fact to be proven wrong should be celebrated



Every child on this planet needs to inherit a sustainable, peaceful, stable, socially just world. Amnesty international manipulated by Zionists have blind sectors in their radar, an example is the tears of Palestine. Every human being was born naked, needing warmth, food, water, shelter. Everything else is auxiliary.


The most important issue at hand is the intelligent management of the Earth’s resources. This can never be accomplished in a monetary system, for the pursuit of profit is the pursuit of self interest and therefore imbalance is inherent  .



Politicians of the West  constantly talking about protection and security rather than creation, unity and progress. The US alone now spends about $600 billions dollars anually on its war machine. In the 1940′s the Manhattan Project under  Zionist Jew John Von Neumann produced the first true weapon of mass destruction. This program employed 130,000 people, at an extreme financial cost. Imagine what our life would be like today if that group of scientists, instead of working on a way of killing people, worked on a way to create a self-sustaining abundant world.


Life today would be very very different if that was their goal Nikola Tesla was more intelligent than John Von Neumann and he could have created greater weapons of mass destruction. But he self destructed as a martyr to science rather than be a Von Neumann, who selected the targets of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. .


After the war, Robert Oppenheimer remarked that the physicists involved in the Manhattan project had "known sin", Zionist Von Neumann's response was that "sometimes someone confesses a sin in order to take credit for it.".  


Nikola Tesla was erased from history. No science book makes a mention of him though he was the biggest genus of this planet and electrified this world.with AC .


On February 15, 1956, Von Neumann was presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Dwight Eisenhower. A crater on moon is named after Von Neumann. Zionist media call him the man of the century.



The illusion of democracy is an insult to our intelligence. In a monetary system, such as in USA, there is no such thing as a true democracy, and there never was. You have  two political parties owned by the same set of corporate lobbyists, and whoever goes into the White house dare not rub the Zionist bankers the wrong way. .


They are placed in the Oval office and  their positions by the corporations, with popularity artificially projected by their media. In a system of inherent corruption the change of personnel every couple of years has very little relevance. Instead of pretending that the political game has any true meaning focus your energy on how to transcend this failed system.



How do we stop a system of greed and corruption, that has so much power and momentum?



How do we stop this aberrant group behavior, which feels no compassion for say, the millions slaughtered in Iraq and Afghanistan, so big brother of George Orwel’s 1984, can control energy resources and opium production for Wall St. profit?



Objective information is impossible, with almost all TV , media and newspapers are controlled by Zionist bankers. . This where the information super-highway afforded by the FREE internet, comes in . The big brother establishment is steadily losing control because of this free flow of information.


Learn NOT to trust the free encyclopedias like Wikipedia on first page of Google search, which is nothing but Zionist propaganda. Protect the internet , it is your only savior right now.



Create a mass movement for social change the world .Mobilize and educate everyone about the inherent corruption of our current world system… along with the only true sustainable solution, declaring all the natural resources on the planet as common heritage to all people, while informing everyone as to the true state of technology and how we can all be free if the world works together rather than fights.



You can continue to be a slave to this rotten financial system and watch the continuous wars, depressions and injustice across the globe while placating yourself with gross entertainment dished out as “opium for the masses”  outside your homes.


You can lumpin this materialistic garbage; or you can focus your energy on true, meaningful, holistic, lasting change which has the realistic ability to support and free all humans with no one left behind. The choice lies with you.




The most relevant change must occur first inside of you. The real revolution is the revolution of consciousness.


Eliminate the divisionary materialistic noise you have been conditioned to think is true from childhood.


Do not blindly accept the status quo.  Understand the rotten system, dwell on it.


Listen to your inner voice.



Align with your consciousness and amplify it.


Do something.  





Let me end with a 7000 year old Vedic chant for grace and peace on earth.






At sea I never bitch unless I have an attached solution. If all these greedy and selfish bankers were to do SURYA NAMASKAR daily, they will cure themselves , and the world will be a better place . 

So this willbe mE next post.   
*******************************************************************************
SURYA NAMASKAR, THE 11000 YEAR OLD VEDIC SUN SALUTATION - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This post is the most valuable piece on Surya Namaskar you will find in any language other that Sanskrit.

Thousands of pretenders have flooded book store shelves and the Internet with "ready made" Surya namaskar takes-- all bull. 

First of all SURYA NAMASKAR is not a physical exercise.  It is something much more profound, which needs deep understanding of  Sanskrit Vedic literature and Sanatana Dharma. 

It is a complete Sadhana, inclusive of Yogasana ( exercise ) , Mantra ( sound longitudinal waves ) , Pranayama ( breathing )  and Chakra meditation ( scalar energy vortex transceiver ) . 

Surya Namaskar was devised as Yoga 7000 years ago, to facilitate LYMPH DRAINAGE in an amazing manner.  This was properly understood by modern science only 70 years go.  Our lymphatic system has vessels just like our circulatory system, but does not have a pump (whereas the circulatory system has the heart).  In order to clear the “lymph” (the clear extracellular fluid that is collected by the lyphatic vessels and filtered by the lymph nodes), the lymphatic system must be pumped manually.  The lymph movement relys on contraction of smooth muscle tissue lining the walls of lymph vessels (peristalsis).  Movement of skeletal muscles is also important for driving lymph along the systems network of vessels to lymph nodes and from these to lymph ducts where the lymph tissue joins cardiovascular circulation. Women who do Surya Namaskar do NOT get breast cancer.



 
Surya Namaskar resonates the Pineal gland and DNA-- to speed up your chakras, and enlarge your aura-- I will get to the technical points later.,

I learnt Surya Namaskar at the age of 7, taught to me by the Kalari gurikkal.  Many years later, at my school we did Surya Namaskar in a group.  It was compulsory.

To arouse your curiosity I will put a video, which just shows what it is prima facie.  It will NOT explain anything else-- just the base movement. 

It might appear to be a good physical stretch exercise to loosen up-- to a layman . What you must understand is that the man is facing the sun at dawn, on an empty stomach.



Now let me introduce breathing.  Breathing does magic . It must be started and stopped at the right time. You must be AWARE of the breathing process. Basically, inhale when stretching and exhale when bending. 

Let me paste some pictures.


























Now let me introduce the sound MANTRAS in Sanskrit, the oldest language of this planet, which originated from a 12 strand DNA of a Maharishi.




The 12 Names of Surya - the Sun
1) Om Maitreya nam-ah (The friend of all)
2) Om Ravaye nam-ah (Praised by all)
3) Om Suryaya nam-ah (The guide of all)
4) Om Bhanave nam-ah (The bestower of beauty)
5) Om Khagaya nam-ah (Stimulator of the senses)
6) Om Pushne nam-ah (The nourisher of all)
7) Om Hiranyagarbhaya nam-ah (The creator)
8) Om Marichaye nam-ah (Destroyer of disease)
9) Om Adityaya nam-ah (The inspirer)
10) Om Savitre nam-ah (The purifier)
11) Om Arkaya nam-ah (The radiant)
12) Om Bhaskaraya nam-ah (The illuminator)



Pose 1 (and 12): Promotes balance, stimulates the respiratory system, exercises shoulder, back and neck muscles

Pose 2 (and 11): Promotes balance, promotes digestion, exercises arms and shoulder muscles, tones the spine, promotes flexibility in back and hips

Pose 3 (and 10): Promotes blood circulation, tones abdominal tracts, stretches back and leg muscles, stimulates spinal nerves, stimulates lymphatic system

Pose 4 (and 9): Exercises spine, strengthens hand and wrist muscles

Pose 5 (and 8): Stimulates blood circulation, strengthens the heart, strengthens wrist and arm muscles, relieves neck and shoulder tension

Pose 6: Strengthens leg and arm muscles, increases flexibility in neck and shoulders, stretches arms, shoulder, neck and back muscles, exercises back muscles, releases tension in neck and shoulder

Pose 7: Stimulates circulation to abdominal organs, tones digestive tract, stretches upper and lower body, promotes flexibility in the back, stimulates nerves in spine

Poses 8 through 12 are essentially repetitions of poses 5 through 1, respectively. The health benefits of each are similar to their corresponding poses.
During the second set, start off with the other leg.






Proforma: Posture / Asana  / Chakra / Seed

First Posture – Namaskarasana/ Anahata/ OM hram

Second Posture – Parvatasana/ Vishuddhi/ OM hrim


Third Posture – Namaskara Hastapadasana/ Swadhistana/ OM hram

Fourth Posture – Ekapada Prasaranasana/ Ajna/ OM hraim


Fifth Posture – Bhudharasana/ Vishhuddi/ OM hraum


Sixth Posture – Ashthanga Pranipatasana/ Manipura/ OM hrah


Seventh Position – Bhujangasana/ Swadhistana/ OM hram

Eighth Posture – Bhudharasana/ Vishuddhi/ OM hrim

Ninth Posture – Ekapada Prasaranasana/ Ajna/ OM hrum

Tenth Posture – Namaskara Hastapadasana/ Swadhistana/ OM hraim

Eleventh Posture – Parvatasana/ Vishuddhi/ OM hraum

Twelfth Posture – Namaskarasana/ Anahata/ OM hrah







Suryanamaskar is a chiropractic exercise, which keeps your spine flexible and aligned.  This keeps you organic chemical medicine factory controlled by your brain in good cheer, without releasing those harmful anti-pain chemicals,  which has side effects --caused by lower back pain , sciatica etc.





Chakras are focal points where psychic forces and bodily functions interact with each other. They are transceivers of SCALAR energy.  Scalar waves operate in a non-linear time dimension which is hyperspace, at any speed from zero to infinity, as they are not limited to the speed of light. When you develop cosmic consciousness, the chakras vortex will extend further from his body. These chakras cannot be seen by the sight sense of the common man.  Each of these 7 chakras are associated with a specific colour, organ, gland, mantra and frequency.  Chakras can send out information carrying soliton waves, which do not attenuate.  The Indian sage has exploded into a space of consciousness in which inner awareness is spontaneous. Cosmic consciousness is an intellectual enlightenment or illumination, an indescribable state of moral and intellectual elevation, a feeling of amazing bliss. Gazing at the sun or stars is an enlightening practice that fills up the soul. The real nervous system operates by means of synaptic messages. The virtual one operates by means of the quantum effect of tunneling (particles passing through an energy barrier that classically they should not be able to climb).  The real one is driven by classical laws, the virtual one by quantum laws. Consciousness is therefore driven by quantum laws.  Remember, chakras dictate all physical, mental, emotional and spiritual processes that take place in your body.  Every chakra is a transmitter cum receiver antenna. As per Vedanta we are essentially holographic energy beings existing in a state of resonance with the scalar field of the cosmos




Pineal gland is literally the third eye. The great Himalayan masters did Surya yog by gazing at the rising sun with a silver coin placed in between the eyebrows on the forehead . The solar wind at dawn, charging the earth’s magnetic field, stimulates the pineal gland.  This is the best time to meditate , chant and sun gaze.  At dawn, the negatively charged pineal and the positively charged pituitary combine their essences to create a "light in the head". Pranayama floods the Pineal gland with oxygen, to make it resonate. The reddish grey pineal gland is located in the geometric center of the brain.  The nerves that serve the pineal gland don't originate in the brain but in the sympathetic nervous system.  This gland can be activated by activated by sunlight, and also by sound resonance. It controls the various biorhythms of the body. It can discern negative energies, based on perception of vibrating energies around you. When the pineal gland does not receive sunlight, it secretes Melatonin, which induces sleep, increases blood sugar, craze for food, leading to obesity, fears and anxiety.The pineal gland is a photosensitive organ and thus an important timekeeper for the human body. The pineal gland produces PINOLINE, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith.  Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become active in the brain . DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold.

Pineal activation awakens normally latent neural pathways. Nerve fibers leave the pineal and make synaptic connections with other brain sites through traditional nerve-to-nerve connections, not just through endocrine secretions. EASTERN VEDIC RISHIS MYSTICS HAD THE ABILITY TO GO ON EITHER SIDE OF THE NARROW BAND OF 5 HUMAN SENSES, WITH A KING SIZED RESONATING PINEAL GLAND. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME.  There is a lot we knew 10000 years ago , but has been lost to this this 21st century-- right? You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena. They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.  While Newton tries to explain the invisible through the visible. There is no room for consciousness or morphogenetic fields in the dictionary of Darwin.

                      






A mantra is a word or a series of words , which produce longitudinal Scalar waves by resonating your Pineal gland and your DNA—in a divine language. A divine language like Sanskrit came out from a 12 strand DNA – the most complicated supercomputer on this planet.  The king Mantra OM or AUM is 11000 years old—and was told by the sages that it was the original sound when the Cosmos was created. OM opens up quantum tunneling for the wormholes to happen , where the speed of light is NOT the limiting factor.  DNA is a superconductor that stores light at body temperature, and can create magnetic wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and axional membranes are also hollow cylinders. Mantras are Scalar energy based sounds which resonate in the Zero Point Field Aakashik hyperspace.

                                  

---Mantras resonate your pineal gland and reprogramme your DNA. The human DNA can produce longitudinal scalar waves.    Mantras vibrations on DNA , chakras and pineal gland purifies and raises human consciousness.    Mantras centres your mind ( effect on subconscious ) and slows down your breathing.     Mantras increase your Auras as seen by Kirlean photography— due to the effect on symphathetic and para sympathetic nervous systems.---Mantra chanting must be done with intent, to make it more powerful. This is about consciousness again.


                    

Pranayama— where you exhale twice as long as inhale— IS MORE ABOUT DUMPING OLD EXPERIENCES, RATHER THAN MERE OXYGENATION OF BLOOD. Breathe in the new , breathe out the old.  Pranayama—inhale and exhale with awareness— long exhales with the sound of mmmm.  Humming boosts level of nitric oxide—this in turn ups the oxygen intake by 98%, the biggest secret .  Ordinary breath is a mere 4%.  70% of toxins in your body are released by exhalation— rest by sweat, defecation and urine— surprised?  The main purpose of respiration is to provide oxygen to the cells at a rate adequate to satisfy their metabolic needs.  This involves transport of oxygen from the lung to the tissues by means of the circulation of blood.  The power of breathing lies in its relationship with your energy source. The mind is intimately connected to your breathing. Deep breathing triggers the lymph, your body’s sewage system which will give your cells more efficiency. It keeps the blood fully oxygenated.  The physical aspect of lack of oxygen in the body is not as important as the mental and spiritual aspect.


Lack of oxygen always slows your reaction time. The more oxygen our brains receive the better they function.  Stress, fear and anxiety causes muscles to contract and blood vessels to constrict. When blood cannot be transported freely through the body to provide oxygen, and antibodies and to carry away and dispose toxic wastes, illness sets in.  Mind is non material , but it works in partnership with communicator molecules. With every thought mind moves atoms of hydrogen, carbon , oxygen and other particles in the brain .

Knowing the connection between breath and consciousness, the ancient yogis devised PRANAYAMA to stabilise energy and consciousness.   Anxiety vanishes entirely when you are one with the rest of the universe. When your mind is disturbed the fundamental energy Prana leaks . Pranayama just reverses the process. People who do Pranayama regularly have quieter nerves , less lethargy , better sleep and lower BP.  It prevents accumulation of Uric acid which gives joint pains.   Fluctuations of mind are controlled and hence Pranayama prepares you for meditation.

Back to Surya namaskar--


Sage Agastya had taught Surya namaskar to Lord Rama just before his fight with Ravana in 4300BC. Basically you are greeting a new day with a grateful heart. It is done in open air.

The benefits are:--

1)  You raise your consciousness
2)  Develop inner peace
3)  Rekindle your drooping spirit
4)  Detoxification of body and mind
5)  Your face glows --balance of mind, body and spirit.
6)  Mental clarity and concentration
7)  Raise your immunity
8)  Reduces biological age.
9)  Centring yourself and stoking your inner flame
10)  Gratitude and communion with self
11)  Awakening at cellular level, improves metabolism, burns fat
12)  Expansion of perception
13)  Physical exercise , stretching, flexing of spine. Removes stiffness of joints and ligaments.
14) Destress. 
15) Good sleep at night.
16) Miraculous delivery from disease -physical and mental.
17) Your skin is cleansed by sunlight and you have less BO. Clears eyesight too.
18) Improves body posture.19) Drives away phobias.



Suryanamaskar is done in barefeet on a mat. At the end of Surya Namaskar you must do Shavasana. Lying down thinking of peaceful nature, to get into the Alpha brainwave mode.


Surya namaskar can be done by anybody . Dont do it if you have back problems or women have menses. Wait for atleast 20 minutes before you take a bath.






Surya Namaskar stimulates the Vagus nerve.

 

The vagus  nerve is a cranial nerve containing motor and approximately 80% sensory fibers and has the widest distribution in the body. It is the only nerve in the body that is present through each one of the 7 Chakras- from Crown Chakra through to the Root Chakra. This nerve is responsible among many things for monitoring and initiating digestive processes, and modulating inflammation. 

The Vagus nerve is the main line of communication between the brain and the energy-producing digestive tract.  It also relays information to the brain from what is known as the Enteric Nervous System (ENS).   The ENS is our "second brain" controlling the digestive process; it is made up of more than 500 million neurons that surround the digestive tract.  It is called a second brain because it can function independently from the brain if the Vagus nerve is severed. 

It is important to note that Surya Namaskar must NOT start before the Vedic sunrise AGNIHOTRA havanam ritual , which gives the same green colour heart chakra flame, is over. 

Punch into Google search AGNIHOTRA VADAKAYIL and get shocked out of your pants.






Punch into google search YOGA, AYURVEDIC MASSAGE  FOR DRAINING LYMPH NODES- VADAKAYIL to read continuation of this post.
*******************************************************************************
VAIKOM MUHAMMAD BASHEER, THE SULTAN OF STORY TELLERS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Vaikom Muhammad Basheer was a fiction writer, who wrote in my mother tongue Malayalam. He passed away at the age of 86 from my hometown Calicut, in 1994, leaving behind his wife and two children.

He won the Padma Shri award in 1992.  His face adorns one of the Govt of India postal stamps.

People outside Kerala will surely ask Vaikom Mohammad Basheer , who?

Well this was a man who broke all shackles of contemporary Malayalam literature. He did not care for the classical language— rather he did NOT even know it.  He wrote in Kozhikkodan Mappila Malayalam, the colloquial vernacular of the Kerala Muslims, or rather he wrote in the language of his characters.   Every Malayali film goer knows the delightful vernacular used by character artist and comedian Mammu Koya.

I relate to this style . When I was a kid I used to come rushing back home from  school , to play with my neighbouring kids,  some of  whom were Muslims , who spoke this Malayalam strain slang. There were about 16 of us playing soccer and Chatti ( 7 tiles ) . Those were happy childhood days.

The writings of Basheer are like a whiff of fresh air , after the first rain on parched land. Once you start reading his simple but well crafted stories , you won’t stop till you finish it. And after you reach the end of the story, you will be silent for a while and ponder over what he wrote—literally the melody of a song which lingers.

Malayalam literature till then, was monopolized by the high caste Hindus who wrote boring stuff in Sanskritised Malayam , which went over the heads of the common man. Trying to impress with prose rather than content, was never Basheer’s forte.  Basheer’s style in contract was refreshingly down to earth and rustic.  You really cannot translate his stories into other languages without knocking out its punch and sheen.

He was an astute observer of human nature, and the darker and seamier side of poverty. Every story had a social commitment and theme, woven craftily into the plot sometimes as sarcasm or even black humor.

The Malayali women just loved to shed a silent tear over his mushy love stories. His stories were poignant, full of emotional intensity,  mostly in a lingering sad way, which gave you a lump in your throat.  He also could punch humour in between, in a unique style which appealed to all age groups and intelligence levels.

Literally Basheer , with his deep understanding of raw human emotions exploded the Malayali consciousness to a new level, all by simple earthy stories. His magic with words made the Malayalis laugh, then he made them cry, before they could stop laughing.  If Basheer’s stories were the North pole the hollow Yank TV serial, “ The bold and the beautiful” would be the south pole.  Basheer’s inimitable works  were thankfully free of pomp and ostentation.

Now how did he get to understand raw human emotions?  Mostly by self experience , where he faced death due to hunger several times.  Experience is verily the best master. His personal life had been a sort of “Papillon” type saga.  The sheer trauma and gory reality of life that Basheer roller coasted through in his young eventful life did not allow him to lead a sane and peaceful life-- he was twice admitted to mental sanatoriums.

In 1924, when Mahatma Gandhi came to his village Vaikom for the Vaikom Satyagraha, 16 year old Basheer wore Khadi and went to meet him. He got thrashed by his headmaster for wearing Khadee.  He jostled his way to Gandhiji’s car . He came back and told his mother proudly “Umma, I managed to touch Gandhiji’s hand today!”—probably the turning point of his life.

In 1930 he participated in Gandhiji’s Salt satyagraha at Malabar, and was thrown into Kannur prison for 3 months. In 1931 he was editor of a revolutionary magazine by the name of Ujjvanam ( Uprising ), and a warrant was issued for his arrest again.

He fled Kerala to evade arrest and was footloose for 7 years. He went all around India in various disguises. He stayed in hermitages in Himalayas with Hindu sages.  He even stowed away on a Merchant ship SS Rizwani along with Mecca pilgrims , and went abroad to Gulf . To keep himself alive he took on various jobs cook,  fruit juice seller, beggar, newspaper boy, accountant, shepherd, watchman, hotel boy, porter,  fortune teller ( crafty guy giving bull !) , errand boy etc. He says he lost his hair due to lack of nutrition.


All these experiences , while struggling to keep himself alive and staving off hunger, were the reason for his deep understanding of human character and nature. After he returned back to Kerala he again plunged headlong into the freedom struggle and went to couple of  times more.

He wrote about his own experiences in jail too.  One of them “Mathilugal” was made into a Malayalam movie starring super star Mammotty, directed by renowned director Adoor Gopalakrishnan.

Mathilukal ("Walls") is Basheer’s own story . It is a novel of sad irony set against a turbulent pre-independence days political backdrop.  Here prisoner Basheer  falls in love with a 22 year old life convict Hindu woman . The women’s jail was separated from men’s jail by a very high wall. One day he was trying to catch a squirrel. Suddenly a woman's voice from beyond the compound wall asked:  'Who is whistling over there?" Till that moment of time , Basheer was resigned to mechanically living out each day in the prison till his sentence gets over. He gets renewed hope and energy in his monotonous life in the prison, when he starts interacting daily with this sweet female voice from across the walls, from the women’s prison. They fall passionately in love, exchange tokens of love across the wall, device a code to signal when they want to listen to each others’ voices, and so on. There are priceless steaming conversations between them from both sides of the wall. He now has a reason to wake up to each day, to look forward to hearing Narayani’s voice, and to replay each of their words a hundred times before he drifts off to sleep dreaming of her in his arms . They strategize on how to catch a glimpse of each other…They exchange solemn love-promises standing on two sides of a wall, only to be separated , one fine day without even being able to say good-bye. On the day they planned to meet at the prison hospital, by a strange quirk of fate, Basheer was released. He never had a chance to tell her .  Before he "met" Naraayani, the prison walls were killing Basheer, but when the orders for his release arrive he falls apart and loudly protests, "Who needs freedom? Outside these walls lies an even bigger jail."



For breathing life into this role, Mammotty got Best Actor National award.


Published Works

1. Premalekhanam [ A love letter] (Novel) (1943).
2. Baalyakaalasakhi [ Sweetheart from childhood] (Novel) (1944).
3. Kathaabeejam [ Seed of a story ] (Play) (1945).
4. Janmadinam [Birthday] (Short stories) (1945).
5. Ormakkurippu [Jottings from memory] (Short stories) (1946).
6. Anargha nimisham [Invaluable instant] (See Anal Haq) (Short stories) (1946).
7. Shabdangal [Voices] (Novel) (1947).
8. Viddhikalude Swargam [Fools' paradise] (Short stories) (1948).
9. Ente uppuppakkoru aana undayirunnu [Me grandad had an elephant] (Novel) (1951).
10. Maranathininde Nizhalil [In the shadow of death] (Novel) (1951).
11. Muchcheettu kalikkaarande Makal [The daughter of the card-shark] (Novel) (1951).
12. Paavappettavarudey Vaeshya [The courtesan of the poor] (Short stories) (1952).
13. Sthalathe Pradhaana Divyan [The principal divine of the place] (Novel) (1953).
14. Aanavaariyum Ponkurishum [Elephant rustler and Golden cross] (Novel) (1953).
15. Jeevithanizhalppaadukal [The shadows of life] (Novel) (1954).
16. Vishwavikhkhyaathamaaya Mookku [The world-renowned nose] (Short stories) (1954).
17. Vishappu [Hunger] (Short stories) (1954).
18. Paaththummayude Aadu [Paaththumma's goat] (Novel) (1959).
19. Mathilukal [Walls] (Novel; basis for a film (1989) by Adoor Gopalakrishnan) (1965).
20. Oru Bhagavadgeethayum Kuraey Mulakalum [A Bhagavadgeetha and some breasts] (Short stories) (1967).
21. Thaaraa Specials (Novel) (1968).
22. Maanthrika poochcha [The magic cat] (Novel) (1968).
23. Nerum Nunayum [Truth and lie] (Commentary and letters) (1969).
24. Ormmayudaey Arakal [The cells of memory] (Commentary and reminiscences) (1973).
25. Aanappooda [Elephant-hair] (Short stories) (1975).
26. Chirikkunna Marappaava [The laughing wooden doll] (Short stories) (1975).
27. Bhoomiyudaey Avakaashikal [The inheritors of the earth] (Short stories) (1977).
28. Anuraagaththintaey Dhinangal [The days of desire] (Diary; originally titled Kaamukantaey diary [The diary of the paramour] and changed later on the suggestion of M. T. Vasudevan Nair) (1983).
29. Bhaargavinilayam [The house named Bhaargavi] (Screenplay for a film (1964) by A. Vincent which is credited as the first horror cinema in malayalam; adapted from the short story Neelavelichcham [The blue glow]) (1985).
30. M. P. Paul (Reminiscences of his friendship with M. P. Paul) (1991).
31. Shinkidimunkan (Short stories) (1991).
32. Cheviyorkkuka! Anthimakaahalam!! [Hark! The final clarion-call!!] (Speech) (1992).
33. Yaa Ilaahi! [Oh God!] (Short stories published posthumously) (1997).

When he achieved fame some Islamic fundamentalist organisations tried to make Basheer their mouthpiece, to highlight their cause .  To Basheer’s credit he did NOT fall prey to them, earning the respect of all.

You may wonder—what the hell?  Everybody writes a love story.  The usual run of the mill, man meets girl— man falls in love —  man proposes to girl —  girls ignores him —  man does sweet pursuit—  girl relents after playing hard to get for a respectable period .  

Thousands of love stories had the same plot, right?  So then why is Basheer so special?  Well, ladies and gentlemen,  that is why Basheer is the sultan of all legendary story tellers.

By the way Aishwarya Rai calls sweet pursuit of love --  “ diabolical stalking”.   Poor girl, at the age of 38 is still hooked on to the “Coz I am worth it”  line –

No easy escape from narcissm for some – Basheer on the contrary was unaffected all all the attention—anybody muse could go to his doorstep and interrupt his writing. Did not a little bird tweet , that beauty is only skin deep?

“ LoReal Paris, ka Total Repair 5-- Kyon ki mujhe naaz hai khud par”! ( sniff !) . I wonder how Basheer would have responded to this pathetic line!!

Basheer should have written a book about Kerala Communists-- how they keep dropping the Latin word BOURGEOIS without knowing its meaning , all over the place to impress all and sundry.  The best part is , surprisingly -- all of them know how to pronounce this word properly.  I remember the Calicut Communist Muncipal Corporation used to make problems for us at the Stadium Tennis clay court -- dubbing it a bourgeois ( sic!) game.

In the video below the delightful , hilarious dialogues of Mammu Koya who speaks the Mappila lingo of Basheer, can never ever be recreated in any other language.
*******************************************************************************
HOMI BHABHA IN AIR INDIA FLIGHT AI 101 CRASH - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


On 24th Jan 1966, the father on India's nuclear programme Dr.Homi Bhabha died in a Air India plane crash . He was on his way to Vienna to attend an IAEA Scientific Advisory Committee meet. 




There were no survivors in this plane by the name of Kanchenjunga. All dead were Indians except 6 British nationals.



Just 13 days before Indian PrimeMinister Lal Bahadur Shastri died of a mysterious heart attack while at Tashkent, after a pact with Pakistan to end the 1965 Indo-Pak war. 

Surprisingly ( NOT so surprisingly for some ) India did NOT make any attempts to do an investigation, considering that Homi Bhabha was a very valuable Indian.




Daniel Roche, a French enthusiast spent 5 years collecting the pulverised parts of the aircraft Kanchenjunga over a 25 square kilometer area.  He collected three tonnes of it around Mont Blanc , the highest peak of the Alps, including the black box and personal jewellery.. 

According to him, (and also to a layman with commonsense), such wide scattering is possible only by a missile strike by a military fighter jet. 

If it was a plane crash or a collision, there wold have been a fire considering there was 42000 litres of Jet fuel on board in the fuel tanks.


Roche was ready to give it to the Govt of India-- all he wanted was India to pay for the shipment charges. 


There were NO takers!

#################################################

EPILOGUE : 

11 MONTHS AFTER I WROTE THIS POST-- THE GOVT OF INDIA RETRIEVED A DIPLOMATIC MAIL BAG ON SEPT 18 , 2012.

 

########################################################

It was well known that Shastri , who was against Atomic bombs before the war with Pakistan, finally changed his mind and wanted India to be nuclear. And Homi Bhabha , shot his mouth off stating that India can make a bomb within a few months if we wanted to, making the mighty West very paranoid.( read that as the Allies, the Coalition, the riding cowboy posse -- after the outlaw or the axis of evil ) 

After all they knew the worth of Indian brain power. Even today, India is miles ahead when it comes to sheer thinking capability on the nuclear front. If we are lagging behind, it is only due to lack of funds, and our other pre-occupations.




On 31st Dec 1971,Vikram Sarabhai, the father of India's space programme died of a mysterious heart attack at Halycon Castle Hotel Thiruvananthapuram. Few days before his death he had remarked publicly that he is being watched by both Americans and Russians.  

Nobody gave him the protection. These are assets nay ornaments of India whose health is regularly monitored, and chances of a heart attack at 52, are very remote. 




It is well known in Kerala ( grapevine ) that two Christian women spies of a Trojan horse NGO did in Sarabhai. Foreign funded NGOs are in a position to buy our MPs' and Ministers either by money or by blackmail. 

And Anna Hazare and his core team wants all Foreign funded NGOs to be outside the scanner of the Jan Lokpal bill.




Today these foreign funded NGOs have whipped up local Christian convert frenzy against India's Kudankulam Nuclear facility, and got it shut down stating that it will be unsafe. We tend to believe these foreign forces rather that our own patriotic scientists, who insists that we have sufficient safeguards. 

The Kudankulam nuclear protests are funded by the West. The Panchayat president mr. Muthuraja had revealed that he got elected in return for promising support to this anti-nuclear movement to a rabble rousing Christian priest, who has been well tutored by his foreign masters on Nuclear radiation dangers. 

It is a bid to malign the Russian design of the plant. This is in retaliation to Russia's efforts in maligning the Konkan Jaitapur Areva Nuclear plant . Protestors are ferried in by bus, and they are well compensated. 

Mind you in the FAST BREEDER REACTOR ( PFBR ) field, we Indians are No 1 in the world. The Internet is flooded with vested foreign propaganda as to how unsafe this PFBR is.




It was Homi Bhabha's vision that Indians will go for Thorium Nuclear reactors, considering that we have the world's best Thorium reserves, in the Monazite sands of Kerala. Thorium has 150 times more power than Uranium, and does NOT run the risk of meltdown or explosion.. You pull the plug by turning off the neutron exciter. 

India is world's No 1 in Thorium nuclear reactor R&D, ahead of USA, Russia and China.  Thorium is safe and not prone to runaway reactions, and its waste products remain dangerous for a shorter period..Thorium is the energy for the future and everybody knows India's potential in this field.



India's Kakrapar-1 was the first reactor in the world to use thorium rather than depleted uranium to achieve power flattening across the reactor core. Both Kakrapar-1 and -2 units are loaded with 500kg of thorium fuel to improve their operation at start-up.  

In 1995, Kakrapar-1 achieved about 300 days of full power operation and Kakrapar-2 about 100 days using thorium fuel. A 30kW mini-reactor has successfully operated at India's Kamini reactor at Kalpakkam.  And the use of thorium-based fuel is planned in Kaiga-1 and -2 and Rajasthan-3 and -4 (Rawatbhata) reactors. 

India has a three-stage plan for nuclear energy.  Stage one uses uranium-fuelled PHWRs (pressurised heavy water reactors) and LWRs to produce plutonium.  In stage two this plutonium-based fuel is used in FBRs to breed U-233, and more plutonium and thorium. 

Stage three uses advanced heavy water reactors to burn the U-233 and Pu-239 with thorium.  The thorium will produce around 75% of the power, with the spent fuel being reprocessed to recycle fissile materials.



I must reiterate that the common Indian man must trust our Nuclear scientists  and their expertise rather than be mislead by foreign funded NGOs,who come on prime time foreign funded TV channels--as human rights activists and environmentalists. Indians have safely constructed 20 Nuclear power plants.

THE INDIAN GOVERNMENT MUST INVESTIGATE AND THROW THE (FOREIGN FUNDED AND MANIPULATED) RABBLE ROUSER KINGPINS IN JAIL.   

UNLESS WE BELIEVE THAT THESE FOREIGN TROJAN HORSE NGOs HAVE INDIA'S WELFARE IN THEIR HEARTS.

I have a message for all India's enemies who want to bump off our Nuclear scientists and Missile engineers. 

Indian brain pool is like a vast ocean.  

We are NOT the world's FIRST civilization by fluke or accident, when all countries and races were widely separated without transport and communications.

You should visit NASA or Silicon Valley and find out the percentage of Indians doing brain work there. They are NOT doing cheap labour there. 

Or just find out the percentage of expert Indian doctors in USA-- or find out the percentage of Indians in Electronics / Computer Science strains in the best US universities., where you need competitive grey matter. 

They are NOT in majority there because they are the cream of India. 

The cream of India does NOT know English . Or the English knowing brilliant students don't have the money to go abroad. 

The most beautiful girls of India will NOT wear a bikini to participate in a Miss World beauty contest, like the Venezuelan girls.  Only 0.01% of the girls will choose to parade their goodies in front of stranger males.  No Indian women puts plastic in her tits. 

This is our culture.
*******************************************************************************
SUPRABHATAM- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




My home is 300 metres away from a temple. We get up in the morning to the amazing positive vibrations of this age old stotra. When I open the front door, I can see and hear hundreds of birds , my pet cats will be playfully chasing squirrels and butterflies. You witness the laws of the universe, the rising sun, the blooming flowers, the bees gather nectar-- divine energy melts all negativity away.






Note how effortlessly MS Subbhalakshmi renders the lyrics.
The genre of Suprabhātakāvya traces its origin to a single verse (1.23.2) in the Balakanda of  Valmiki's Ramayana, where in 4300 BC, Maharishi Vishwamitra calls out to Rama to wake up.


kausalyasuprajarama!
purva sandhya pravartate, 
uttistha! narasardula! 
kartavyam daivam ahnikam.

O! Rama! Kausalya’s auspicious child! Twilight is approaching in the East. O! best of men (Purushottama)! Wake up, the divine daily rituals have to be performed.

uttisthottistha! govinda! 
uttistha garudadhvaja! 
uttistha kamalakanta!
trailokyam mangalam kuru.

O! Govinda, wake up! O! Garudadhvaja (one who has Garuda on his flag)! wake up. O! Kamalakanta (the husband of Kamala)! by rising, render the three worlds auspicious.

matas samsastajagatam madhukaitabhareh
vaksoviharini! manohara-divyamurte!
srisvanmini! sritajanapriya-danasile!
sri-venkatesa-dayite! Tava suprabhatam

May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee, O! Lakshmi, the Mother of the Worlds, who dwells on the chest of Vishnu, the enemy of the demons, Madhu and Kaitabha), of attractive and divine form, with the nature of granting what is desired by those seeking refuge!

tava suprabhatam aravindalochane!
bhavatu prasannamukha-chandramandale! 
vidhisankarendra-vanitabhir archite! vrsasailanatha-dayite!dayanidhe

May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee, O! Lakshmi, the beloved of the Lord of Vrsacala, with eyes like lotus petals, with a bright face like the Moon, who is worshipped by Vani, Girija and Pulomaja (the wives of Brahma, Sankara and Indra) and who is very compassionate

atryadi-saptarsayas samupasya sandhyam 
aksasindhu-kamalani manoharani, 
adaya padayugam archayitum prapanna sesadri-sekhara-vibho! tava suprabhatam.

Having worshipped the morning twilight and said their morning prayers, called sandhyavandana, the seven sages like Atri, bringing the beautiful lotuses from the divine Ganges, have arrived to worship Thy feet. Lord of Seshachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee

panchananabjabhava sanmukha vasavadyah traivikramadi charitam vibudhah stuvanti, 
bhasapatith pathati vasarasuddhim arat 
sesadri-sekhara-vibho! tava suprabhatam.

The Gods, like the five-headed Brahma, the lotus-born Subrahmanya, and the six-headed Indra are praising the deeds of your incarnations as the Trivikramavatara. Nearby is Brhaspati who is reading out the planetary position (called Panchangam) of the day. Lord of Seshachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

isatpraphulla-sarasiruha-narikela- pugadrumadi-sumanohara-palikanam avati mandam anilah saha divyagandhaih sesadri-sekhara-vibho! tava suprabhatam

The breeze, carrying the wonderful fragrance of the partly-opened lotuses, and the beautiful trees like the Areca and Coconut, is blowing gently. Lord of Seshachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

unmilya netrayugam uttama-panjarastah
patravasista-kadaliphalapayasani,
bhuktva salilam atha kelisukhah pathanti
sesadri-sekara-vibho! tava suprabhatam.

The parrots in their cages are opening their eyes, and graciously singing, after eating the remains of the plantain fruits and the payasam in the vessels. Lord Seshachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

tantriprakarsa-madhurasvanaya vipanchya gayaty anantacharitam tava narado’pi bhasasamagram asakrt-karachararamyam 
sesadri-sekhara-vibho! tava suprabhatam.

The sage, Narada, is playing sweet music with his veena, and, in fine language, is singing praises of Thy endless deeds, gracefully waving his other hand. Lord of Seshachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee

bhrngavali cha makaranda-rasanuviddha- jhankaragita-ninadaih saha sevanaya, niryaty upanta-sarasi-kamalodarebhyah
sesadri-sekhara-vibho! tava suprabhatam.

The humming swarm of bees are sucking honey and emerging from the interiors of the lotuses of the adjoining pools, in order to serve Thee. Lord of Seshachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

yosa-ganena vara-dadhni vimathyamane ghosalayesu dadhimanthana-tivraghosah,
rosat kalim vidadhate kakubhas cha kumbhah
sesadri-sekhara-vibho! tava suprabhatam.

While the womenfolk of the hamlet of cowherds churn the curds, the loud sounds and echoes emanating from the pots seems like as if the pots and the eight directions are quarrelling. Lord of Seshachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

padmesa-mitra-satapatra-gatalivargah 
hartum sriyam kuvalayasya nijanga-laksmya, 
bherininadam iva bibhrati tivra-nadam 
sesadri-sekhara-vibho! tava suprabhatam.

The swarm of bees in the lotuses are friends of the sun, and are making lound sounds with a view to surpassing the splendour of the lustrous blue lotuses. Lord of Seshachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

srimann abhista-varadakhila-lokabandho! srisrinivasa!jagadeka-dayaikasindho! sridevata-grha-bhujantara-divyamurte! 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam

One with Lakshmi! One who grants boons! Friend of all the worlds! Abode of Sri Lakshmi! The matchless ocean of compassion! One having a charming form on account of the chest which is the abode of Sri Lakshmi! Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

srisvami-puskarinika-plava-nirmalangah sreyorthino hara-virinchi-sanandanadyah,
dvare vasanti varavetra- hatottamangah 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam.

Brahma, Shiva, Sanandana and several others have bathed in purified water. They are at your doorstep eager to see you, for their own well-being, though they have been hit with canes by your gods. Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

sri-sesasaila-garudachala-venkatadri- narayanadri-vrsabhadri-vrsadri-mukhyam,
akhyam tvaduta-vasater anisam vadanit 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam.

Lord of Venkatachala! Thy abode is always called by several names, such as Sri Sesasaila, Garudachala, Venkatadri, Narayanadri, Vrsabhadri, Vrsadri. May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

sevaparah siva-suresa-krsanu-dharma- raksombunatha-pavamana-dhanadhinathah, baddhanjali-pravilasan nijasirsa-desah 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam.

Siva, Indra, Agni, Yama, Nairuti, Varuna, Vayu and Kubera, with folded hands placed on their heads, are desirous of offering service to thee. Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

dhatisu te vihangaraja-mrgadhiraja-
nagadhiraja-gajaraja-hayadhirajah, svasvadhikara-mahimadikam arthayante 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam.

The modes of Thy conveyance – Garuda, the Lord of Birds, the Lion, Lord of Animals, Adisesa, the Lord of Serpents, Airavata, the Lord of Elephants and Uccaissravas, the Lord of Horses - are begging Thee to grant them their respective authority and power to server Thee better, on your pleasure trips. Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

suryendu-bhauma-budha-vakpati-kavya-sauri 
svarbhanu-kettu-divisat parisat pradhanah, 
tvaddasa-dasa-charamavadhi-dasadasah 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam.

The main deities of the Assembly of Gods – the nine planets - the Sun, the Moon, Mars (Angaraka), Mercury (Budha), Jupiter (Brhaspati), Venus (Sukra), Saturn (Sani), Rahu and Ketu are happy to serve even your servants and remain most obedient to Thee. Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

tvat-padadhuli-bharita-sphuritottamangah svargapavarga-nirapeksa-nijanarangah, kalpagamakalanayakulatam labhante 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam.

Lord of Venkatachala! Thy devotees, whose heads are sanctified by the dust of Thy feet, being in Thy presence, do not desire Heaven or Liberation, but are worried that another kalpa will start, when there will be no such glory to Venkatachala!

Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

tvad-gopuragra-sikharani niriksamanah svargapavarga-padavim paramamsrayantah,
martya manusya-bhuvane matim-asrayante 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam.

On seeing the crests of Thy temple tower, the mortals, who are attempting to attain the exalted paths of Heaven and Liberation, feel like living on in the mortal world, as it gives them the opportunity of worshipping Thee. Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

sri-bhumi-nayaka! dayadi-gunamrtabdhe! devadhideva!jagadeka-saranyamurte,
srimann-ananta-garudadibhir architanghre! 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam.

Lord of Sridevi and Bhudevi! The ocean of nectar of compassion and other virtues! The chief of the Gods! The sole refuge of the Universe! The possessor of Sri (wealth)! One whose feet are worshipped by Ananta and Garuda! Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

sripadmanabha! purusottama! vasudeva!
vaikuntha! madhava! janardana! chakrapane! 
srivasta-chihna! sarangata-parijata! 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam.

Padmanabha! Purushottama! Vasudeva! Vaikunta! Madhava! Janardana! Chakrapani! Bearer of the mole Srivatsa! Celestial tree (parijata) under whom refuge is sought! Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

kandarpa-darpa-hara-sundara-divyamurte! 
kanta-kucamburuha-kutmala-loladrste! kalyana-nirmala-gunakara! divyakirte! sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam

Bearer of the charming and divine form surpassing the pride of Cupid (Manmatha)! One whose sight is fondly centred on the lotus bud like breasts of His beloved! The abode of auspicious and pure virtues! The possessor of Divine fame! Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

minakrte!kamatha!kola!nrsimha!varnin! svamin!parasvatha-tapodhana!ramachandra! 
sesamsarama! yadunandana! kalkirupa! 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam

Lord in ten incarnations of Matsya (Fish), Kamatha (Tortoise), Kola (Boar), Narasimha (Man-lion) Trivikrama (Dwarf), Parasurama, Rama, Balarama, Krishna and Kalki! Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

ela-lavanga-ghanasara-sugandhi-tirtham divyam viyat-sariti hema-ghatesu purnam, dhrtvadya vaidika-sikhamanayah prahrstah tisthanti venkatapate tava suprabhatam.

The Brahmins, well-versed in the Vedas, are now joyfully waiting to worship you. They are carrying golden pots on their heads that are filled with the water of the Divine Ganges (Akasa Ganga), which has been rendered fragrant by mixing cardamom, cloves and camphor in it. Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

bhasvan udeti vikachani saroruhani sampurayanti ninadaih kakubho vihangah,
srivaisnavas satatam arthita-mangalas te dhamasrayanti tava venkata! suprabhatam.

The Sun is rising; the lotuses have blossomed; the birds are twittering; the Sri Vaishnavas, always imploring auspiciousness, are waiting at Thy abode. Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

brahmadayas suravaras samaharsayas te santas sanadana-mukhastv atha yogivaryah,
dhamantike tava hi mangala-vastu-hastah 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam.

Brahma,the great sages and the good Yogins as Sanandana are waiting at Thy abode, with auspicious offerings in their hands. Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.

laksminivasa! niravadya-gunaika-sindho! samsara-sagara-samuttaranaika-seto!
vedantu-vedya-nijavaibhava! bhaktabhogya! 
sri-venkatachalapate! tava suprabhatam.

Abode of Lakshmi! Ocean of faultless and auspicious virtues! Bridge to cross the ocean of transmigration (samsara)! One whose glory is known through the Upanishads! One who is enjoyed by devotees! Lord of Venkatachala! May it be an auspicious dawn to Thee.


itthaṃ vṛṣācalapateriha suprabhātaṃ
ye mānavāḥ pratidinaṃ paṭhituṃ pravṛttāḥ ।
teṣāṃ prabhātasamaye smṛtiraṅgabhājāṃ
prajñāṃ parārthasulabhāṃ paramāṃ prasūte ॥

“
Thus here is the Suprabhatam of the Lord of Vrishachala! The humans who are engaged in reciting it everyday, the remembrance gives birth to superior intellect, which is worthy of the six Vedangas and which makes the supreme goal easy to achieve. ॥ 28 ॥

As per legend the gentle strains of this Stotra rouses up Lord Vishnu from His slumber every morning. 
An early morning recitation of the Venkatesha Suprabhatam creates keenness in purpose for the rest of the day.  
It infuses the devotee with all the commanding optimism that resides in the meaningful verses of this prayer.  Besides, even the environment acquires a soothing quality and is filled with a calmness that encourages goodness and sanguinity.  
The positive vibrations of the Shri Venkatesha Stotra succeed in imbibing the individual with competence, enthusiasm to tackle any situation, and eagerness to work.
This is the reason why Shri Venkatesha Stotra is an excellent way to start the day and organize the mind and body.  Chanting this Stotra or listening closely to it imparts all these benefits.  
*******************************************************************************
SWAMI VIVEKANANDA , THE GREATEST SON OF INDIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
VIVEKANANDA, THE INDIAN MYSTIC WHO INTRODUCED NIKOLA TESLA TO CONSCIOUSNESS AND ETHER --FASTER THAN LIGHT VEDIC SCIENCE.












Swami Vivekananda met Nikola Tesla-- the super genius , in Chicago in 1893, and introduced him to the ZPF, or akasha ( ether ).--the all pervasive sky of quantum energy of the universe. Reiki practitioners know what scalar waves can do.

Vivekananda  told Tesla that classical science must factor human consciousness in, or be stuck in the mud for ever.  He introduced him to the wisdom of ancient Vedas , which considers the universe and consciousness as fractal Sri Yantra geometry. Much later Tesla used to see brilliant blinding flashes of this TOE geometry .
The meeting was arranged by French actress Sarah Benhardt.  Rudyard Kipling ( born in India ) and Mark Twain also wanted the meeting regarding mind over matter, cosmic free energy, akashik ether field to happen.  They felt the planet deserved this union of classical science and quantum consciousness.

After the meeting , which forged Tesla's professional destiny -- Tesla started using Sanskrit words like Akasha for ether ( Zero point field )and Prana in his writings. He developed a penchant for Copper Lotas ( which Himalayan Yogis use ) and became a vegetarian.

Tesla's personal destiny was also affected.  He had dozens of the most beautiful , intelligent and rich women vying for his love.  Tesla decided to be celebate like Vivekananda , to harness and focus his mind to science.











If you read my post I AM A PROUD HINDU- VADAKAYIL-- this is what I wrote on 18th Feb 2011.

QUOTE:--



Energy and matter is convertible E= MC2 ( formula used to end the 2nd world war with Nuclear bomb --localised in Hiroshima and Nagasaki )


( it goes further to E=T MC2 as in Vedic BRAHMASTRA, for faster than light Tesla Scalar Interferometry-- formula to start and end World War 3 -- AND TOTAL ANNIHILATION ). Where T is 'delta T ' or change of time. When scalar beams hurtle through hyperspace the flow of time gets redirected temporarily.

UNQUOTE

In the video below CERN lab, has just verified 2 months ago .
*******************************************************************************
VEGETARIANISM AND SANATANA DHARMA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
VEGETARIAN VEDIC CULTURE






 

In India before the Muslim and Christian invaders came, almost the entire country was vegetarian, but for the people on the coastline who ate fish.

Today 42% of Indians are vegetarians-- the rest being Muslims , Christians, Sikhs etc. This is a large number of people as India has 1200 million people.

This vegetarianism and Ahimsa ( non-violence ) is the reason why Hindu India never attacked any country in its history. 

Global warming No 1 culprit are the farting and belching cattle ( methane ) consumed by meat eaters. Why dont you put a search in google on this subject?

Vegetarian benefits?

They are happier people
The live longer
They sleep better.
They have clearer conscience.
Lesser crime.
Their health while alive is better-- lesser diseases
They can think clearer (lesser toxins/ fibre in food )
Lesser house budget
They look better ( lesser obesity )
Lesser BO and MO
Women in menopause suffer less
Lesser intake of artificial chemicals like steroids, hormones, preservatives , allergens etc
Purity of ground water 
You dont have to waste food on feeding these animals



Some ignoramuses say, they vegetarians are NOT as strong as the meat eaters-- OK--which one of you wants to fight with an elephant , and prove yourself?
*******************************************************************************
KEENAN AND REUBEN KILLED FOR PROTESTING AGAINST EVE TEASING- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
My wife just told me not to blog about Keenan and Reuben case -- she knows I am a bit blunt while telling the truth -- but then I YAM WHAT I YAM.  

I cant make a shovel out of a spade.

The whole of India knows about this case, where two boys were stabbed to death at 11 PM on a fairly busy street at Mumbai. 

So this news clip below is only for my foreign readers, who form 85% of my reader base.



###################
QUOTE:--
Mumbai: Maharashtra Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday assured action against the killers of murdered youths Keenan Santos and Reuben Fernandez for protesting against eve-teasing of their friends.

Assuring justice to the the family of Keenan and Reuben, Chavan said state will press for death penalty for the killers. "I deplore this act and condolences go out to the families," he said.

Talking to Keenan's family on a news channel, the CM assured of coming up with an eve-teasing law.

Meanwhile, Keenan's father thanked CM Chavan for reaching out the grieved families and urged him to graft a tough law against eve-teasing.

On Thursday, the Andheri metropolitan magistrate's court extended the police custody of the four accused by a day.

On October 20, Keenan Santos and Reuben Fernandes, along with five others, including three girls, had gone to the bar to have dinner and watch a cricket match on a giant screen put up there. 

Keenan and Ruben were stabbed while resisting eve-teasing. 24-year-old Keenan died the same day in hospital and 28-yr-old Reuben died on Monday.

UNQUOTE:--
#################

 

The law has caught 21 young men in this case.  Out of which 4 are being touted for hanging.  There is tremendous pressure on the Indian Government to FAST TRACK this case-- and to bypass usual inquiry procedures to set an example.

I CONDEMN THIS MURDER.    

MY HEARTFELT SYMPATHIES TO THE BEREAVED FAMILY.   YOU CANT TAKE AN INNOCENT LIFE IN THIS MANNER . 

 

To be frank to kill a man I don't need a knife, being trained in the Kalari martial arts system. A single blow given in blind rage will be 100% lethal-- and I usually walk away from situations where fools dare me to do my worst. 

I am reminded of an similar incident which happened in my life at the age of 27 - today I am 55.  I was a Ship Captain , NOT yet married .  

Being a Captain means that I don't need any lecture on social responsibility . This happened in a cinema theatre next to Mumbai Gateway of India ( guess it is Regal ) for the 7 PM show.  

I was alone .

The Dress Circle section where I sat was chock a block , as the movie was a hit. In those days they would play some documentaries before the main movie started. 

In front of me 6 seats were empty. Pretty soon 3 girls and 3 boys ( around 18 to 20 years old ) trooped in,  and sat in front of me.

From their dress code and their English speaking accent I knew they were the typical Bandra party--short frocks , bob hair cuts, signature French beards , cross chains, and Bandra slang. One of them had long dreadlocks like what our man Rueben Fernandes, used to sport before.

Suddenly a Mahatma Gandhi black and white documentary started. 

Now Gandhiji is a soul who commands extreme respect in India. 

In my previous blog about VAIKOM MUHAMMAD BASHEER I has mentioned that as a boy Basheer just touched Gandhiji's hand and became a revolutionary. 

Gandhiji was hence my hero - like for 99% of Indians. The balance 1% who would respect someone in Italy or Saudi Arabia or Portugal more.  

Such people will sell our country's secrets for a few pieces of silver.

The Gandhiji documentary was grainy and with poor audio -- some old footage which I had never seen.  I was missing out on 20% of the proceedings as the " Bandra party " were in high spirits of extreme camaraderie. Why not, when I go with 5 of my friends , after a couple of beers,  I would also be in the same groove.

Today if you see something on your computer or DVD you can pause and rewind. I did not want to miss out a word of this documentary- so I most respectfully submitted to the girl right in front that they should be a bit quiet till the Gandhiji documentary is over-- just a matter of another 5 minutes.

She looked back, and saw a clean shaven chikoo sweet guy,  I was NOT a drunk unemployed evil looking smelly rowdie, "who stole water and electricity and did NOT pay taxes" .   I did NOT eve tease her , or even cast a lecherous eye. 



And you know what this CHUTNEY MARY screams " SAD GUY, HE WANTS TO SEE GANDHI !" . 

What else she said -- I wont mention here.  Cruel words are like nails, once driven, you can take them out--but the gaping holes remain for ever.

All the six of them burst into LOUD derisive laughter as if on cue. 

May be they preferred to see the Pope, or a Portuguese soccer player or Elvis -- but I wanted to see the Father of our Nation , Gandhiji.

I could see that almost everybody around was now waiting for my reaction.

So I put both my feet on the shoulders of this mangy girl. My inner boots touching both her ears.

Immediately their boy dates got up and objected , a bit violently and loudly. For they wanted to be THE heroes for their gals.

In their Catholic system a boy and a girl has to find their own partners--like in the West. Their parents will NOT find a suitable bride/ groom for them.  ( the rest of India have arranged marriages ) . 

And these young boys tend to take the chivalrous part a bit too far , on a date -- to earn falthu respect.

They leaned over , threatened me , and told me to take my legs off this "Gandhiji scoffing" girl's shoulders.

So I dared them to take my legs off themselves -- or even throw a punch.  If I was a weakling they would have slapped me around--  but here I was, any day tougher than Salman Khan.



Not a single onlooker came to the girl's rescue.

After a few pregnant moments I took my legs off her shoulders and said " One more word from you , ridiculing Gandhiji -- and I will put my legs right back .  Let us have some co-operation!"

That was it-- the remaining two hours went without incident.

Today when I look back , I did the wrong thing.  I will NOT do the same thing today.

To a person who did not know what transpired , yes I was an evil eve teaser!.  How dare he keep his shoes on a young girl's face.

To my level headed wife ( I told her this story during our honeymoon ) , Madame Chutney Mary deserved it.

I  know 100% what would have happened if the three guys had thrown a punch. Definitely I would exploded and pasted all the three of them in 30 seconds, probably busting their collar bones and sternums-- 

And may be I would have been in jail -- still a bachelor, without a job, without friends --

--- a loser in life !

Digression:   One of my good Goan Roman Catholic Chief Officers' had told me long time ago -- Australia had opened out a free immigration office at Bandra Mumbai for one single day , and the queue was miles long. He said almost all his friends and even his own relatives were standing in this queue.   So much for patriotism and loving your own country.   He said " I felt like loading all of them on a ship and throwing them overboard off the coast of Australia , so that they could swim ashore like rats. There were some hardcore shameless young lesbians too in this line -- probably eager to come out of the closet and have fun in AUSTRAYYLYAAR"

This reminds me of a joke--and that needs me to digress and go off tangent for a while.

QUESTION: Why did two sisters fight in Australia?
ANSWER:  Coz they were both DAAYTING the same guy!!




I wonder if anybody is entitled to extreme reactions , on the cause of patriotism. 

Being a ship captain, I am also a cultural ambassador of India. This is NOT part of my job description, but then this is what we were trained to be on our training ship which had 250 cadets.

I am reminded of an incident 28 years ago. My ship was going to Felixstowe ( near London ) -- a busy private container port.

The pilot points to the gantry crane operator and tells me " Captain, do you know that that crane driver earns more than the President of your country?"

Needless harsh words. 



These crane drivers get speed money for the number of containers they load in an hour. So on the days there is a EPL soccer match, they work like crazy, banging containers here and there and earn good money. 

So the English Pilot was definitely right. He spoke the truth. But then our president has a garden ( Mogul gardens ). There are 800 gardeners, 50 of them to shoo away errant birds. I decided it was NOT worth , to be objective with this mangy Pilot.

So I replied " So fuckin' what?  I know a WHORE in Mumbai who earns more money than what your British Prime Minister at Downing street 10 ( this door opens out into the street --TEE HEE ) earns in one whole year - in one single hour!"

The Pilot sulked till he left my ship.

Note: On my ship, I am fair.  I see who provoked first, AND TO WHAT EXTENT?.

Who got physical first. 

Who drew first blood.  

Who was at the receiving end of the fight is secondary- as the tougher man wins, everytime.  

However murder is murder-- you just cant take a God given life --unless you are in the army!

Now on the other hand--

Keenan was an out of work, cook --you can call a cook a "chef" and white wash him. Or you can call the accused  barber, a "hair dresser"-- for the matter.

Reuben at the ripe age of 29 was unemployed and his pictures showing him in dreadlocks ( in India of all the places ) is now withdrawn from all TV shows .  

The media has repeatedly painted all over that some of the assailants were unemployed--which is such a shame shame crime in India, right?. 

Why do selective reporting? If a couple of assailants were unemployed-- what about the assailed?

As per Keenan's girlfriend Priyanka ( 19 ) it was Avinash Solanki who got physical first-- he slapped Rana the eve teaser.  If at all somebody deserves a bravery award-- it must be this man. Not the others in the gang who kept their skins safe. 

If I am getting attacked with a knife in a lonely street - I know that my wife is NOT gonna watch quietly-- she will kick ass and she will kick them good-- she wont mind getting stabbed !

You must ponder-- are all these fair weather friends ?

Keenan and Reuben and gang used to be at Amroli bar " as a ritual " every alternate day, (all this is on video clips of a National Network TV all over the internet ) -- as per Priyanka, who may be a bit naive and got carried away by emotion into giving such damning information. 

How many parents will allow their grown up daughters to be in a bar at unearthly hours -- we will NOT be fooled into believing there was a cricket match every alternate day?  

I have two sons --no daughters. If my imaginary daughter goes to Amroli bar every alternate day -- then what type of father am I?  What type of upbringing is goin' on ?

Sorry-- I dont agree with Alyque Padamsee who said on national TV that Keenan's father Valerian must be given a National Bravery Award-- for telling on TV that " My heart is glad and I am willing to sacrifice many more sons to curb eve-teasing".  

Since when have we started giving bravery awards for talking big on TV ?--shall we start off with our army and police?




Above is the picture used all over - to show how much this duo loved life. Yeah--one with pig sausages and other with beer.  Well this is NO yellow hate speech -- just tellin' a fact. We live in India --NOT Brazil or Portugal.

Now let me digress-

Really men are such pigs-- such lechs -- they all need to be castrated , right?



No prizes for spotting this glorious ass below -- it belongs to a world champion-- hint MH.






Girls who wear tights like this in India, know when to raise their hands to adjust their hair, and show off their camel toe ( reserved for handsome guys only )-- or let the pallu of the low waist saree fall.






                            
On second thoughts, it is better to BOBITT all of the lecherous men on this planet who prey on innocent, angelic babes in the woods, right? 

There must be a law where a woman wearing falsies, and full of silicon , can name and shame a decent man as eve teaser and get him hanged, --probably a tougher law that the Indian dowry harrasment laws , where a man can be arrested on the basis of just a complaint from a Big Boss 5 , Pooja Mishra prototype..

And of course , all bride burnings in India with Kerosene dousing, was done by cruel, father-in-laws, NOT sweet sati savirti Bharatiya Nari mother-in-laws, right? 

All female infanticides in India , were done by men , right? 

All adultry on this planet is fault of men alone , right?

Ever noticed that women who complain most about sexual harrassment on TV , are all revoltingly UGLY?

If a girl pumped up with silicon ( or a padded bra - aaaha--ring a bell? ) wears a plunging neckline and pretends to talk on mobile phone outside the gates of a men's hostel, using her perepheral vision, is so cute -- then a boy with a decoy banana or a cock sock inside his jeans standing outside a women's hostel , is a SICK pervert who must be castrated el pronto , right? Why double standards?

Our role models must be ugly Mayawati types, who declared a honest DIG of Police mad , dragged him away in full uniform in front of national TV cameras , and put him in a asylum --right?

-- or our sulking Bong Express , the bottomless enigma, (who will look good in a T shirt stating NEXT MOOD SWING IN FIVE MINUTES)  -- who storms into a police station and gets her goons released, insulting the nation's constitution.

Like ANGELIC Pooja Mishra of Big Boss 5 would scream -- SPARE ME! Pity the fall guy who marries her!

###############

Punch into Google search SAILORS DO CRY- VADAKAYIL.  

It is the true story of my handsome colleague, who slit his wrists 3 times , unable to handle the diabolical games of his wife.  

After 2 years of marriage , she left him for a film producer who promised to make her a Bollywood actress, and she was indeed beautiful.  

She forced him to sign the divorce papers , as soon as he landed up in his house after a hard contract on a ship.  The previous 2 contracts she sailed with him on the ship.  He was removing his shoes , after touching his mother's feet , when she thrust the divorce papers before him- -and commanded him " Sign here!" .  

When he tried to reason with her , as they dated for 6 years before marriage, she threatened to throw his mother in jail for dowry harrassment and attempted bride burning.  She had it all worked out, with the rich film producer's connivance.  

Later , after 14 months , she came back grovelling, and asked him to remarry her -- the producer just USED her from all 3 orifices for a year -- if you know what I mean.. 

My friend had just recovered from depression . He showed her the three scars on his wrist and asked her " What would you do , if you were in my place".   

Men don't go on TV and tell such sob stories.  

Or maybe "mental whip lashes" are less painful than "bottom FUCKIN' pinching" !!

Why is it that all hate shrew mother-in-laws?   Father -in-laws are loved and respected all over the world for his large heartedness and understanding !! pray?




Let me end with a joke:--

A man in a train looked up at the top berth on the opposite side , on which a gorgeous woman had just climbed up to sleep.

She first removes her wig, and he noticed that she is nearly bald.

Then she removes her false eye lashes.

Next she removes her false breasts.


Then she removes all her make up, using a cleanser.  She does NOT look gorgeous any more.

And then to his utter shock, she unscrews her false leg and stows it in her bag.

The woman saw him looking, got wild and hissed viciously " What the fuck do you want?"

The man says" You know what I want. Unscrew it and throw it down !"
*******************************************************************************
JAGADISH CHANDRA BOSE , NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
MARCONI STOLE SIR JC BOSE'S WORK, AND GOT NOBEL PRIZE IN 1909 FOR INVENTING RADIO




The whole world knows that Marconi got Nobel Prize for inventing the radio in 1909.  In 1915 Nikola Tesla filed a court suit against Marconi for stealing his work . In 1943 after Tesla's death, the US court reversed the decision and proclaimed that Nikola Tesla is the inventor or radio and NOT Marconi. Being a Serb and a Orthodox church member, Tesla was subject to racism too.

But even Nikola Tesla and the whole of the Western world and the Nobel committee themselves knew that Marconi stole from Sir JC Bose, an Indian-- a genius far ahead of his time.

As early as 1896, JC Bose demonstrated the radio in front of the British Governor General. You must know that during this time India were slaves of the British Crown. He transmitted in front of the Governor General and a select audience more than 3 miles. This distance was from Presidency College Calcutta to Science College Calcutta.

At this time Swami Vivekananda advised him along with many of his admirers that he must Patent his work. He did NOT understand why knowledge should be patented and hence ignored this advise.

In 1896 Bose had travelled to London for a lecture tour and naively gave lot of information to Marconi- he never expected this man to steal his intellectual rights.



In 1899 JC Bose travelled to London and again demonstrated his work in front of a huge scientific committee, in the Royal Society of London. The audience included Lord Rayleigh ,( the Nobel Prize winner of Physics in 1904), JA Fleming , Professor of London University who leaked the secrets to Marconi, and Lord Lister President of Royal Society, among other eminent scientists. 

He was immediately offered Professorship of Cambridge which Bose refused on the spot, pissing off the powers that be. 


Many people had seen Marconi in the audience too. He was in London when Bose lost his research papers from his hotel room, including the circuit diagrams.

Later it was found that Marconi used exactly the same circuit diagram ( Coherer with telephone detector ) invented by Bose. Thief Marconi could NOT explain how this circuit works. 

He then gave the lame excuse that a Italian Naval Engineer Solari developed it. Solari when asked to explain , refused point blank and said that he has nothing to do with it.  Marconi then insisted that Italian professor Timasina drew the circuits, which Timasina again could NOT explain properly. The next man liar Marconi had in line in line was Paolo Castellini , who could also not explain how the circuit works. 

What a disgrace!

JC Bose did NOT want to visit USA and he never did so. Vivekananda tried to set matters straight by taking a copy of JC Bose's work and giving it to his disciple in USA , Sara Chapman Bull, to file for a Patent in USA. Though she filed the application in 1901, the racists at the Patent Office granted it only on 29th March 1904 ( Patent number US 755840 ).


His pioneering works included--

Spark transmitters generating polarized sharp beam radio waves at Millimeter wave length.
Sensitive spiral spring coherer for millimeter waves.
Galena detector for millimeter waves, infrared and optical waves.
Dielectric lens for millimeter waves.
Wire grid polarizer for millimeter waves.
Cylindrical diffraction grating for millimeter waves.
Horn antenna.
Wireless radio remote control at millimeter waves,
Measurement of refractive index of dielectric materials,
Measurement of wavelength of millimeter waves by cylindrical grating.
Polarization study by wire grid polarizer.
Total reflection in prism-pair with air space.
Selective absorption in materials





JC Bose should have received Nobel prize twice as a brown Indian. One for radio and the other for P and N type Semiconductors. 

If he was a White European Jew he would have got several Nobel prizes.


The Marconi scandal was a hushed up scandal that broke in the summer of 1912. It centred on allegations that highly-placed Zionist members of the corrupt Liberal Govt , under Prime Minister HH. Asquith, (who was a Rothschild stooge) were heavily bribed by Rothschild for improper use of information about the Government's intentions with respect to the Marconi Company--

-- knowing that the government was about to issue a lucrative contract to the British Marconi company for the Imperial Wireless Chain, they had bought shares in the Rothschild American subsidiary.

Marconi operating from Chelsmford was synonymous with World Communications in the Morse age—every communications would be eaves-dropped.


But for this Internet age and Google , this truth would have been buried. No brown Indian slave Hindu can upstage a superior ruling White man, right? 

God wills it!




In the video below, 1.4 billion Chinese and 1.2 billion Indians making up 3 out of 6 people on earth do NOT have brains to get a Nobel prize, right? Yet it is strange inconsistency that if you go to any US university, the Computer Science and Electronic strain classes (which require brains and competition ), have only Indians and Chinese , with a sprinkling of whites. Does the Nobel prize have any meaning, when the only time a Muslim gets it for peace , is for throwing mud on Muslims, on behalf of Jews?

Punch into Google search-

DR ECG SUDARSHAN DENIED NOBEL PRIZE FOR PHYSICS IN 1979 AND 2005, VULGAR RACISM VADAKAYIL

Grace and peace!
*******************************************************************************
SATYENDRANATH BOSE, NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
BOSE EINSTEIN STATISTICS-- BOSE EINSTEIN CONDENSATE-- BOSON PARTICLE -- BOSE GAS 





Satyendranath Bose ( 1894-1974 ), was a Indian Mathematician and Physicist who was Albert Einstein's partner.


He was a genius , but was stonewalled by Zionist controlled peer reviewed science magazines, for NOT being white skinned.



He developed a theory regarding gas like properties of electromagnetic radiation. He was a pioneer in Quantum Mechanics. The BOSON particle of CERN collider is named after him.



He was a Maths MSc  topper of Presidency College Calcutta in 1915. He studied Physics and German language on his own. 



In 1924 Satyendranath Bose got his scientific thesis "Planck's law and light Quantum hypothesis " translated into German personally by Albert Einstein and had it published in the peer reviewed scientific German journal Zietchrift Fur Physic, and won instant fame.



In 1924 he spent a year in Paris working with Madame Curie and the scientific community. In 1925 he went to Berlin and met Albert Einstein, and again worked along with the best in the business.. 

His unique strength was that others knew only Physics , while he was a genius in both Mathematics and Physics-- they needed him.



Satyendranath Bose never bothered to Patent or preserve his works. He never cared for fame and degrees like the greedy Western scientists, who were sucking out from his intellect everyday, and getting accolades and fame for themselves...

Satyendranath Bose translated Einstein's theory of Relativity from German to English , after polishing it up. 



In return Einstein helped him when all Western and Zionist owned peer reviewed scientific magazines for some strange reason, ganged up and refused to publish his works. Einstein sent Bose's paper along with his own thesis and demanded that it be published together in 1924.

He did pioneering work in X-Ray crystallography , structure of crystals, Unified field theories, Gas Equations and Biotechnology. He authored books like " Light quanta statistics" "Affinine connection coefficients" 



Today the whole world knows Einstein.  Nobody knows Satyendranath Bose because he was NOT white skinned or a Jew. 


It was all about racism, and blatant propaganda that a Indian brown Hindu man does NOT have the brains, to match the superior race of the White Christian man or a Jew.



22% of all Nobel prize winners ( 185 numbers ) are Jews, who form a miniscule 0.192 % of world population. 


The paradox is that when they compete with the rest of the world in a Western University technical entrance exam or Maths Olympiad or IQ test, they come a cropper.  But when winning awards from Zionist controlled organizations they surely excel. 

41% of Economics Nobel prize winners are Zionist Jews. Only they understand dirty money, right? The anti-wall street protesters will agree. 

1.5 billion Muslims have received just 3 Nobel prizes. We will NOT talk about Muslims who got joint Peace prizes with Jews  or Literature prizes for toeing the Zionist line.



What a disgrace! Who cares for sheenless Nobel prizes any more !!



Bose's name is attached with Einstein everywhere , as Einstein himslef wanted -

- why? 

for charity?

-- or because of his equal contributions ?

When super genius Indian Mathematician Srinivasan Ramanujan arrived at London, he was greeted by Professor Godfrey Harold Hardy.  Hardy made a innocent remark that the number of the taxi , he came in is 1729-- looks like a boring number, to kick start a conversation--instead of the usual weather.. 

Ramanujan looked at the number plate himself and replied casually in a knee jerk manner  "Oh No, actually it is a very interesting number. .It is the smallest natural number representable in two different ways as the sum of two cubes" 

--and then this brilliant man told the equation on the spot 



Today the West have recorded this as the HARDY-RAMANUJAN NUMBER. 

Well Hardy listened damn well, right?  

What a joke!

While on this subject-- ancient Vedic 12 strand Maharishis saw numbers as FRACTAL 3D GEOMETRY like our Sri Yantra.  

A 2 strand 96% junk DNA person like you and me can never understand what this means. Such knee jerk response for 1729 by Ramanujan is possible only by beautiful minds who can see numbers as pictures.

In the video below, 1.4 billion Chinese and 1.2 billion Indians making up 3 out of 6 people on earth do NOT have brains to get a Nobel prize, right? Yet it is strange inconsistency that if you go to any US university, the Computer Science and Electronic strain classes (which require brains and competition ), have only Indians and Chinese , with a sprinkling of whites. Does the Nobel prize have any meaning, when the only time a Muslim gets it for peace , is for throwing mud on Muslims, on behalf of Jews?


Punch into Google search-

DR ECG SUDARSHAN DENIED NOBEL PRIZE FOR PHYSICS IN 1979 AND 2005, VULGAR RACISM VADAKAYIL
*******************************************************************************
THE FRACTAL MIND OF SRINIVASA RAMANUJAN – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


BEAUTIFUL MINDS OF SRINIVASA RAMANUJAN AND NIKOLA TESLA 




 

When super genius Indian Mathematician Srinivasan Ramanujan arrived at London, he was greeted by Professor Godfrey Harold Hardy.  To break the ice, Hardy made a innocent remark that the number of the taxi , he came in is 1729-- looks like a boring number, to kick start a conversation-- instead of the usual English weather.. 

Ramanujan had a cursory glance at the taxi number plate himself and replied casually in a knee jerk manner "Oh No, actually it is a very interesting number. .It is the smallest natural number representable in two different ways as the sum of two cubes" 

--and then this brilliant man told the equation on the spot 


 

While on this subject-- ancient Vedic 12 strand Maharishis saw numbers as FRACTAL 3D GEOMETRY like our Sri Yantra. A 2 strand 96% junk DNA person like you and me can never understand what this means. Such knee jerk response for the number 1729 by Ramanujan is possible only by beautiful fractal minds who can see numbers as pictures.


Srinivasa Iyengar Ramanujan (1187-1920 ) had no formal training in Mathematics. He was from an extremely poor family and was always on the brink of starvation. At the age of 10, someone gave me a Trigonometry book by Prof Sidney Luxton Loney. I had studied from the same book, while I was in school.  

In 1.5 years Ramanujan mastered Loney’s book, and he started churning out his own theorems. He could NOT even afford to buy a ream of paper, as Indians were slaves of the British.


A couple of well wishers , on noticing his extra-ordinary memory and genius , literally a Syamantaka diamond in the gutter, encouraged him to write to Prof Henry Frederick Baker of Cambridge University, along with some of his original theorems . Baker being in the Algebraic Geometry field ignored this letter. Ramanujan then send the same to Trigonometry expert Prof Ernest William Hobson  . He too ignored Ramanujan. Then someone suggested that he must write to Prof GH Hardy . 25 year old Ramanujan wrote to Hardy on 16th Jan 1913. The  Mathematical wonder or 120 statements of theorems on infinite series, improper integrals, continued fractions, and number theory of theorems in divergent series, did NOT allow Hardy and Mathematical expert John Edensor Littlewood to sleep that night—such was the release of adrenaline, on reading the work of a rare genius..

Ramanujan wrote : “I beg to introduce myself to you as a clerk in the Accounts Department of the Port Trust Office at Madras on a salary of only  £ 20 per annum. I have had no university education but I have undergone the ordinary school course. After leaving school I have been employing the spare time at my disposal to work at mathematics. I have not trodden through the conventional regular course which is followed in a university course, but I am striking out a new path for myself. I have made a special investigation of divergent series in general and the results I get are termed by the local mathematicians as “startling“… I would request you to go through the enclosed papers. Being poor, if you are convinced that there is anything of value I would like to have my theorems published. I have not given the actual investigations nor the expressions that I get but I have indicated the lines on which I proceed. Being inexperienced I would very highly value any advice you give me “.

The letter has become the most important historical document in Mathematics.  In fact, ‘this letter is one of the most exciting mathematical letters ever written.

Hardy went out of his way to pull strings to get Ramanjan to England. Today in hindsight , this was the reason why Ramanujan died at the young age of 32.

Ramanujan's mother resisted at first--high-caste Indians shunned travel to foreign lands--but finally gave in, ostensibly after a vision of the family deity , Goddess Namagiri ( Vishnu avatar half man half lion, Lord Narasimhan’s consort ). . 

 

Ramanujan and his mentor Narayana Iyer , a Manager of Madras Port trust  sat in the centre of the 4 pillared Mandapam at Namakkal near Chenani,facing Goddess Namagiri ( see picture above) , for three days, listening to stotrams . Suddenly Ramanujan woke up from a deep slumber and told his well wisher that the Goddess has permitted him to go to England . 

The stotram in the video is written by Adi Sankaracharya in 2000 BC at Kaladi Kerala. Lord Narasimha ( lion face ) is seen in the Rossylyn temple of Scotland made by Templar Knights.



This is the same diety, because of which Saint Francis Xavier invoked the secret Goa inquisiton which killed more than 20000 Hindus-- and why Templar knights were burnt on the stake in France.
 
Ramanujan still was quite apprehensive, considering the snooty and rude behavior of the British in India.. He was used to tropical climate and was a strict vegetarian. However, all of his well-wishers prevailed upon him and finally Ramanujan left Madras by S.S. Navesa on March 17, 1914. Ramanujan reached Cambridge on April 18, 1914.

All in Cambridge were in awe of Ramanujan . He was awarded the B.A. degree in March 1916 for his work on ‘Highly composite Numbers’ which was published as a paper in the Journal of the London Mathematical Society. He was the second Indian to become a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1918 ( the first went to Adershir Cursetjee whose father was a Mumbai partner of  opium drug runners Rothschild , and who built the Cutty Sark with teak ).

Ramanujan became one of the youngest Fellows in the entire history of the Royal Society. He was elected “for his investigation in Elliptic Functions and the Theory of Numbers.” On 13 October 1918 he was the first Indian to be elected a Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.

Many bad things happened to Ramanujan in Cambridge, including his work getting stolen. Being a simpleton and a gentleman he kept quiet. Just like Nikola Tesla he would keep the proofs in his head. He did NOT make any notebook jottings while he was in England. Whatever he work was published , that was it. He published 21 papers there, five of which had Hardy’s name as partner .
It took a while for him to catch on.  His British sponsors would take a solved theorem from him, and pass it on to some Jew in Poland. Then it would be quickly translated to Polish, and the next week, Ramanujam would be asked " Have you heard of a Polish Mathematician by the name of so and so-- because he has done the same work, last year!"
The whole world knows about the LOST NOTE BOOK OF RAMANUJAN . This lost work included detailed work on Vedic sciences of  Fractals, predictive modelling of String Theory, worm holes, Golden ratios, faster than light interstellar travel, Mandalas of microcosm and macrocosm like the Fractal Sri Yantra.  

Ramanujan’s deep understanding of Cosmic Consciousness, Fractal connectivity of the Cosmos , fractal collective sub conscious , Akashic memories, Portals, Fractal effect on Gravity for the Theory of everything -TOE, ,  were reflected in his lost work.
 

In the video above , they discuss Fibonacci series and Golden ratio-- all this was stolen by Fibonacci from 2600 year old Vedic texts, translated ino Arabic from Bejaya, Algeria . To read more about this thief punch into google search PERFECT SIX PACK- VADAKAYIL 

He could pour his heart out only to his wife and they were honourable and dignified people , NOT prone to making allegations.  Even if he felt aggrieved whom was he gonna complain to. Even a letter took 2 months to reach.

Even honourable Nikola Tesla did not make allegations , though he knew the role of Rothschild agent JP Morgan and those who burned down his lab and how Edison and Marconi stole his work.

It is rumoured that the military was behind this lost book, and that Ramanujan was poisoned. All peer reviewed magazines did propaganda that Ramanujan was made of weak stock, and that he had lost couple of brothers and sisters at childbirth.  

One thing was sure, he suffered acutely from malnutrition. The ostensible cause is that World War one was going on and vegetables were NOT available .  The British only wanted his juice , they were not interested in him.  

“Ramanujan’s lost notebook” is a separate Wikipedia article—just like Rasputin’s mighty dong.

By 2.5 years in England Ramanujan started having strange illnesses which affected his thinking process . No English hospital could diagnose the illness. And he did NOT have the money  of sponsors to give him expensive medical attention.

It must be remembered , that Ramanujan was a guest of Cambridge and they had responsibilities , at least to make sure he got his vegetarian food. Ramanujan died of a strange disease  in Kumbakonam India on April 26, 1920—which the British said was Tuberculosis..



Ramanujan’s  widow, S. Janaki Ammal, lived in Chennai (formerly Madras) until her death in 1994. During his funeral this shy and simple woman who got married to him at the age of 9, broke down in sheer grief and told some of Ramanujan’s well wishers that her husband has told her that several of his papers were stolen in England.

The lost notebook ( just some 87 loose paper sheets , rest about Fractals were stolen) of valuable work done in India in his final year of his life, was finally found by George Andrews in 1976 in England at Wren Library of Trinity college . But for the Internet nobody would have known these things.
 

All his published works has a English parasite attached.  Like Hardy-Ramanujan, Dougall-Ramanujan, Landau Ramanujan etc. Ramanujan’s note books cover the results and theorems about Hyper geometric series, Elliptic functions, Bernoulli’s numbers, Divergent Series, Continued fractions, Elliptic modular equations, Highly Composite numbers, Riemann Zeta functions, Partition of numbers, Mock-theta functions etc

 

Ramanujan developed an approximate formula in 1918, which helped him spot that numbers ending in 4 or 9 have a partition number divisible by 5, and he found similar rules for partition numbers divisible by 7 and 11.

He offered no proof but said that these numbers had "simple properties" possessed by no others.

Now Ken Ono at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, and his colleagues have developed a formula that spits out the partition number of any integer.

They found "fractal" relationships in sequences of partition numbers of integers that were generated using a formula containing a prime number.

For instance, in a sequence generated from 13, all the partition numbers are divisible by 13, but zoom in and you will find a sub-sequence of numbers that are divisible by 132, a further sequence divisible by 133 and so on. 

Ramanujan's numbers are the only ones with no fractal behaviour at all. That may be what he meant by simple properties, says Ono.


"It's a privilege to explain Ramanujan's work. It's something you'd never expect to be able to do," New Scientist quoted Ono as saying.



Today Ramanujan’s work has some applications in particle physics or in the calculation of pi up to a very large number of decimal places. His work on Rieman’s Zeta Function has been applied to the pyrometry, the investigations of the temperature of furnaces. His work on the Partition Numbers resulted in two applications — new fuels and fabrics like nylons.


Ramanujan’s theorems , after a century is being used to find fractal structures.in which patterns repeat identically at different multiple scales. Modern research on fractals were all anticipated by Ramanujan.
 


A fractal is a complex shape that roughly looks the same at any magnification. It is found every where in nature.Man made structures are NOT fractal, and thus destroys our natural co-relation. Fractal geometry mixes art with mathematics to demonstrate that beautiful mathematical equations are more than just a collection of numbers.
 

Fractals are the best mathematical descriptions.  Natural constructs are best characterized using fractal geometry. Biological systems and processes are typically characterized by many levels of substructure, with the same general pattern repeated in an ever-decreasing cascade.


Fractals find their use in Astrophysics , Fluid Mechanics, and biological sciences. The biggest use of fractals nowadays is in computer science. Many image compression schemes use fractal algorithms to compress computer graphics files much less than their original size. Computer graphic artists use many fractal forms to create intricate models.
 

DNA is a fractal information compression system with unlimited memory capability. Stored information can be downloaded to other DNA--a self replicating system where a part contains the whole. Man can decode the future by identifying key events in the past and recognizing the pattern that projects the same events into the future.

There is a deep connection between consciousness and matter. The quantum double slit experiment has shown that a measured electron can appear either as a particle or a wave, but NOT both at the same time. Consciousness shapes our material world.  DNA is a transceiver of information, some from the space time dimension and the other form the quantum world.


As is evident by Doppler shift studies, our universe is expanding.


If you mentally reverse time by calculating the trajectory of these galaxies, in the opposite direction, it becomes obvious that the expansion is from a single point beginning.  This is the basis of the Big Bang Theory.

  

देवानां नु वयं जाना पर वोचाम विपन्यया |
उक्थेषुशस्यमानेषु यः पश्यादुत्तरे युगे || 

Rig Veda 10.72.1 (10.72)


Schopenhauer: “Vedas are the most rewarding and the most elevating book which can be possible in the world.” (Works VI p.427)


We live in a time obstructed world using 5 senses -- and also a timeless realm in the quantum dimension, where what you see is NOT what you get.. All things are connected and act as a single organism. This connection is undiminished by time and space. An action at one end of the universe is this felt at the other.

Quantum rules does not care for Newton’s third law, which states that every action has an equal and opposite reaction.  Quantum rules dictate that every action has a multitude of reaction possibilities. The brain receives info about its surroundings in space. After comparing new information with old memory, the brain sends it on via quantum connection to the dimensions that await its information. The brain needs REM sleep—the info exchange time .

The brains job is to maintain the physical portion of the link, between the body and consciousness. All matter is electrical in nature. In quantum physics an electron is a point particle, because it occupies no space, and is thus a imaginary mathematical point.



If all the atoms in the world stopped moving, the world would disappear. .. 

Every human is a quantum matrix—a myriad of interlacing processes in constant flux. In nature there is nothing like a circle, it can only be a vortex spiral with ever changing evolution—nothing can remain same for ever and till ad-infinitum. The space between the electrons , which gave free energy to the perpetual motion of the electrons , which prevent them from falling into the nucleus, is called Akasha or Ether or Zero point field.  
Since our world is 4 dimensional, the quantum points can arrange themselves in anyway. They get instructions from the transceiver called DNA. A male and female contributes ½ of the DNA to produce a new born. Since quantum stuff reacts to consciousness, the universe is constructed by consciousness. By adding the dimension of time to 3D space, our consciousness is given the ability to evolve.
Gravity is a push, NOT a pull.

A vector quantity has both magnitude and direction while a scalar quantity has only magnitude. Scalar waves react directly with the atomic nucleus, rather than with the orbital electrons. Scalar electromagnetics is a unified field theory, of electromagnetics and gravitation, as per the Sri Yantra divine geometry.


The brain and DNA receives and send out scalar waves with a hidden order.. The language of the soul and the subconscious is of symbols and holograms. As per Vedanta  we are essentially holographic energy  beings existing in a state of resonance with the scalar field of the cosmos. . 


The symbol is Lord Shiva’s trishul, where the centre prong SATTVA is the midpoint of duality, between TAMAS and RAJAS . It represents the organization of primal energy , the foundation of universal laws , relativity , stability of nature and principle of Vaastu Shastra . The law holds together the endless spiral of galaxies .

The only constant on the planet is change, everything is in a state of flux, nothing is static-- everything is vibratory. This is what guarantees growth and evolution. Also termed as Yin Yang , by the Chinese –it is a COSMIC SPIRALLING DANCE of separate forces , which sustains this universe. No life is possible on earth without this subtle tension MAYA.


What has a front has a back--what has a beginning has an end. It is a perfect tango of dynamic balance where one polar opposite changes into another smoothly and constantly . If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end.


This principle of Yin-Yang , which are rooted together , is present in every phenomenon on earth., where energy transforms from one to another—it can neither be created or destroyed.


E=t MC2 ( where t is delta T or change of time)

No phenomenon in this universe is completely devoid of its opposite. They consume each other yet support each other.

Whatever is in excess gets reduces, whatever is deficient gets replenished.

Balance can never be permanent— Yin and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.

OM is the first and foremost of all mantras. Mantra is the sound body of consciousness. The primordal vibrations of atoms and molecules is thus represented by OM. When 2 vibrating systems are in resonance with each other, a rise in the amplitude of the waves take place. Chanting OM produces a sonorous vibration like the buzz of a mighty transformer. The vibrations produce scalar waves which calms the mind. It produces an anti gravity effect on water, due to the science of cymatics , and your body is mostly water.

OM opens up quantum tunneling, where the wormholes do NOT have a restriction of speed of light. Every Mudra has to be preceded by OM. Vedic rishis arrived at this tone more than 11000 years ago, (which we can calculate mathematically) , "simply" through intuition and meditation while identifying themselves with Cosmic resonance
 

Chanting OM raises your vibration to a higher consciousness, and it clears the channel for intuition. If you make the sound "Om" in front of a drop of liquid, it will transform itself into a Sri yantra which is very specific visual form which is symmetrical and also holographic, in that every bit of it contains all of it.


The ancient Vedic rishis in all their wisdom said as early as 8000 BC , that our universe is not woven from matter but consciousness. These seers and channels with 12 strand DNA  king sized pineal glands and FRACTAL minds said, that the universal laws are clear, your attitude about your life will shape it.



They said that the entire universe emerged from thoughts. Now the double slit experiment tells clearly that as per quantum physics you cant have a universe without mind entering into it, and the mind is actually shaping the very things that is perceived.

Your current thoughts are shaping your future life.  The law of attraction returns that reality exactly as you saw it in your mind. Matter, energy and consciousness are interchangeable .

Consciousness is the intelligence, the organising principle behind the arising of form. The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention and desire. Consciousness is the intelligent force that started the blueprint which ultimately manifested itself as a particular form.

The expanded abilities of self awareness is abstract reasoning, free will, creativity, foresight etc There is a consciousness in every molecule of matter  Consciousness enables us to think and at the same time observe our thinking process.




The brain without consciousness is inert and lifeless. Consciousness is a form of matter just as matter is a form of consciousness. All atoms in the entire universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms. Our consciousness is a cosmic DVD player.


Quantum coherent properties have been observed in biological systems . Quantum coherence in the microtubules of every cell is the key to consciousness..


In India there is the ancient tradition of the enlightened sage, the one who breaks free of ordinary human conditioning and attains a state called "awakening By various means such as deep meditation or by pure devotion, or by the control and understanding of the mind these historical figures broke through into universal consciousness itself, and beyond that even, into the pure awareness of the absolute.

They experienced a quantum leap and a arrived a state that cannot be defined and described. People simply called them the enlightened ones—like Buddha . Stream of consciousness is a flow of thoughts inwardly expressed, similar to a soliloquy.  


Chanting the Vedic King mantra OM raises your vibration to a higher consciousness, and it clears the channel for intuition..which are messages from your unconscious mind making contact with your consciousness. OM opens up quantum tunneling, where the wormholes do NOT have a speed of light restriction.

Cosmic consciousness is the concept that the universe is a living super organism with which animals, including humans, interconnect, and form a collective consciousness which spans the cosmos. Cosmic Consciousness lies in a mystic state above and beyond Self-consciousness, which is an acute sense of self-awareness. Consciousness is a universal attribute of creation.

DNA can never die. It merely changing its structure and appearance into a cavalcade of living beingsWith quantum physics, we are Creators of the Universe. Yin is formlessness; yang is form. Each contains the seed of the other. Yin and yang are conscious of each other, they are consciousness.
 

Consciousness and existence each have a dual yin-yang structure in which form and formlessness alternate. . The brain does not create consciousness, but consciousness created the brain.


Fractal fields of consciousness are called M fields –morphogenetic. Just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields.
 

In the past 2000 years ,  there has been only two Indigo children on this planet , with fractal minds connecting to the fractal cosmos-- one is Srinivasa Ramanujan and the other is Nikola Tesla.  






Both were done in by RACIST vested interests and literally buried to history.

If Ramanujan was alive for another 5 years , today we would have  had self replicating space crafts racing to the edges of the cosmos and theory of everything / TOE would be in every text book. . 
 
If Nikola Tesla was NOT hounded by CIA and Rothschild stooges we would be powering this world using air as fuel.. 
*******************************************************************************
RELIGION AND WAR -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
Religions are supposed to create peace , love , harmony , inclusion and grace-- NOT war.



I am sure you know that which religion operates where on the planet, since the past 1000 years .

You will notice that violence was neither universal nor symetrically distributed throughout the planet. Christianity and Islam organised violence first. Indian societies knew no violence despite having more than 3000 languages and hundreds of gods.



India was invaded by Muslims in 1192 AD and by Christians in 1498 AD --  and peaceful Hindus became slaves, till 1947.. 



By the way in the above video map, Hinduism started in 9000 BC , outside the scale-- and the benevolent Kingdom of Indian Aryan Emperor Vikramaditya who symbol was Swastika,  extended till Jerusalem Longitude to the West , Urals Latitude to the North and Vietnam Longitude to the West. Krishna is the 8th avatar of Vishnu, born in 4100 BC.



Shiva lingams ( black meterorite stones ) exist  in temples in Cyprus , at Dome of the rock in Jerusalem,  Mecca Kaaba SE corner,  India,  temples of far east till Vietnam.  Vatican has spread ridiculous propaganda that this black stone is Lord Shiva's penis. It represents his PINEAL GLAND.



History was fudged by the Vatican and Rothschild Zionist Jews.  

Beef eating Islam invaders wanted wealth.  

Pig eating Christian invaders wanted to steal vegetarian India's glorious history, and knowledge and patent it for themselves.  

What a disgrace.  

They were very successful with peer reviewed media,  till the internet did them in. Even now they try to fudge the Internet -- but it is a losing battle.



More than 90 million Hindus died during 750 years of foreign rule  .

This is the largest genocide ever. 

Read my post by punching in Google search  UNQUANTIFIED GENOCIDE AND HOLOCAUST- VADAKAYIL.

- not the silly inflated figure of 6 million Jews in World war 2 ( inflated 10 times more ) . There were only 3 million Jews in the whole of Europe.  More Orthodox Christian Serbs ( 700,000 ) were killed in a secret inquisition by Pope Pius 12 using Ante Pavelic.  Orthodox Christians do NOT have a middle man at Vatican with a hotline, between themselves and Jesus Christ.

I am a Hindu from Kerala, the only place where Jews were never persecuted.  On the whole planet, a Hindu is the best friend of the Jew.  I don't need to give bull here.  Hollywood and Media being controlled by Zionists keep brainwashing and shouting the 6 million holocaust figure.  Hindus lost 90 million, yet we have kept a dignified silence over this-- bygones be bygones.

When British left India in 1947-- we had NOTHING-- they stole everything of value. They made roads, bridges, railways , harbours and airports to STEAL.  Everything of value was stolen including the Kohinoor on the crown. Today Rothschild bankers are running the world with Tipu Sultan's gold , the fruit of  millenniums of spice trade, and the Opium produced out of India ( sold in China / USA Boston port ) by starving the farmers.

In 2040, India will take her rightful position again on TOP , as it was from start of time till 1192 AD. 

You may be very surprised when I say Brazil will be No 2,  China will be NO 3 by 2040. 

It does NOT pay to antagonise India , or Indians any more.

Think over it!


Just today it cameon TV that our President Abdul Kalam was frisked at JFK airport USA. Just because his faith is Muslim , he was expected to carry a bomb in his shoes and jacket, right?

Here is a project-- Go to 1 million educated Hindus, and ask them " In your opinion who is the most valuable and respected living Indian".

99.9% will immediately say Abdul Kalam. This man a true KARMA YOGI , is so graceful and has the highest IQ among any world leaders past and presnet.

Hindus are tolerant -- but we must set limits. When President Bush comes to India we let him ride rough shod over us.



CATHOLIC CHRISTIAN GENOCIDE

Extermination of Red Indians ( 21 million ) in America 

--and Aborigines ( 1.1 million ) in Australia, 

--Natives ( 58 million ) in South American continent , 

--the Crusades ( 1095-1291) in Jerusalem 3.1  million ,  

--  Inquisitions of Pope 8.2 million. , against heretics 

--extermination of people like cockroaches , using Agent Orange in Vietnam ( 5 million people and their descendants ) , 

--genocide ( 1 million ) Hutus and Titsis of Rwanda, by Christians-- funded by Vatican. 

-- saturation carpet bombing of a cultural unarmed German city Dresden on 13th Feb 1945-- 410000 civilians ( no military ) on Churchill'sorders

--Hisroshima and Nagasaki ( 200 000 dead and radiation dangers ) is nothing.

-- the SECRET and classified genocide of 1.7 million " missing " German POW ( termed as DEF -or disarmed enemy forces , a loophole through Geneva convention )  by General Eishenhower , under instructions from his Zionist masters Rothschild. General Patton was assasinated , as he was about to blow the lid of this Pandora's box of "Ike's death camps" ( SHAEF order ) along the river Rhina.


Red Indian Genocide video below:--



Australian Aborgine


Rwanda massacre Catholic priests






Agent Orange pesticide Genocie --Vietnam



Dresden saturation bombing 




Hiroshima and Nagasaki. 



Vatican crimes against humanity --God wills it! ( Crusades/ Inquisition ) 



Vatican secret Inquisition of Orthodox Church Serbs during WW2 - Pope Pius XXII using Ante Palevlic



General Eisenhower's death camps for German POW- TOP SECRET-- 1.7 million dead.

The German civilian deaths after WW2 got over is 5.7 million.





It has been proven beyond doubt, in recent years, that most of the pictures of corpse heaps taken in Germany during WW II, purporting to be Jewish victims of ''racial extermination,'' were actually pictures of German civilians who had died under American war criminals AFTER WW2 got over, under starvation orders from Ike.. In addition 5.7 million Geraman civilians died AFTER the war , in a year US had a bumper food crop. All the charred heaps of women and childrens' bodies were actually German photos of Dresden saturation bombing Victims.



MOTHER OF ALL GENOCIDES-- ISLAM ON HINDU 80 MILLION




PEACE CANNOT BE KEPT BY FORCE-- IT CAN BE ACHIEVED ONLY BY UNDERSTANDING AND APPLICATION OF CONSCIENCE.



Dr Robert Oppenheimer was asked by a student in a packed hall at Rochester University. Is the nuclear bomb exploded at Alomogordo ( Manhattan project ) the first one to be detonated. Oppenheimer who had a good understanding of Vedic Astras and Vimanas replied " Well yes-- in modern times of course!" 

The Vedas had written texts of the power inherent in a tiny atom 7000 years ago.



In the Sanskrit Samarangana Sutradhara, which means “controller of the battlefield ”, it is written: “Strong and durable must the body of the Vimana be made, like a great flying bird of light material. Inside one must put the mercury engine with its iron heating apparatus underneath. By means of the power latent in the mercury which sets the driving whirlwind in motion, a man sitting inside may travel a great distance in the sky. The movements of the Vimana are such that it can vertically ascend, vertically descend, move slanting forwards and backwards. With the help of the machines human beings can fly in the air and heavenly beings can come down to earth.”


This planet has its CHAKRAS-- like the human being. 

The video below shows Vedic chants in Sanskrit for Cosmic Consciousness and world peace. These digital chanting sounds are longitudinal scalar waves , which are sent to outerspace, after breaking a coconut -- a bloodless sacrifice -- for quantum tunneling, using soliton waves.
*******************************************************************************
QUANTUM PLANT KARIVEPPILA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

KARIVEPPILA ( MALAYALAM ) -  CURRY LEAVES -- MURRAYA KOENIGII ( BOTANICAL NAME )- GIRI NIMBA ( SANSKRIT ) 



In Kerala curry leaves Kariveppila has been used for seasoning curries for the past 6000 years. It promotes appetite. It is found in every South Indian kitchen. 

It has iron, calcium, Vitamin C and phosphorus.

It is also used as a herb in Ayurvedic medicines.

Medicinal uses:

Anti diabetic
Anti oxidant
Anti microbial
Anti inflammatory
Anti cholesterol ( early morning . make paste ball and consume on empty stomach )
Anti cancer
Reducing obesity ( with Rasam )
Improving digestion and fights food poisoning
Improving salivary secretion and taste
Anti Diarrhea and dysentery ( boil with water) 
Arresting cataract
Arresting morning nausea for pregnant women ( chew fresh leaves in the morning --taste will be bitter )
Arresting dandruff and premature greying of hair.( boil with fresh coconut oil , tulsi , gooseberry juice and hibiscus)
Anti piles
Anti flatulent
For indigestion ( with buttermilk -- improves functioning of small intestine ) 
For skin allergy and eczema ( paste with turmeric )
De worming ( with honey for children )
Anti fungal ( ground with turmeric )



Pssssst-- why do you think a Indian woman is so fertile.  You literally go past her and she gets pregnant .

Grace and peace!
*******************************************************************************
PRANIC HEALING - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THE 11000 YEAR OLD VEDIC PRANIC ART OF HEALING


You will NOT get the science of Pranic healing , as is mentioned in this post anywhere on the internet or in any Pranic healing books. 

I must put a word of caution first.  Pranic healing has to be done by vegetarian holy men who do daily meditation . 

He must follow the laws of the universe, or his won aura will have tears and dark spots. You can't have a healer , whose aura is less luminous than yours,  working over you after watching a blue movie, consuming a beer and pork chops.  

You have lot of fakes around ( 99.9% ) , who breach trust and who mess around with your own aura, and swindle you off your money -- these diabolical fakes hope the "placebo theory " will work on you.




The healer above tells he does NOT lie, and despite denying his affair with fellow evangelist Paula White, he was caught red-handed and finally admitted it on TV.
2000 years ago, Jesus Christ had come to Kerala to learn Meditation and Pranic healing for 3 years , before he burst upon the scene at Jerusalem suddenly.  Jesus Christ was a vegetarian, and a holy man who knew meditation.


On the way back to Jerusalem ( via Suez from Calicut my home town ) he had visited the Egyptian pyramids along with his wife Mary Magdalene. These are also Edgar Cayce readings.


PRANA is life force in Sanskrit --or my language Malayalam. 

Same way CHAKRA means wheel or vortex in Sanskrit --or my language Malayalam.







Today you find this 11000 year old Vedic Indian terms like Prana, Chakra , Yoga etc has been hijacked and patented by all with their vested takes --they make money at your expense.


Prana was first expounded in the 8000 year old Upanishads, ( created by Maharishis with 12 strand DNA amd king sized pineal glands) where it is part of the worldly, physical realm, sustaining the body and the mother of thought and thus also of the mind. Prana suffuses all living forms but is not itself the Atman or individual soul. In the Ayurveda, the Sun and sunshine are held to be a source of prana.


Pranic healing , the ancient Vedic  Hindu technique is about DNA emitted scalar wave and static electricity healing. Chakra is a phrase typically noticed in regard to Pranic healing, as is the term aura. The aura is a a kind of non-bodily companion to the physical body, obtaining seven layers, or chakras. These layers relate to the psychological, spiritual, psychological and bodily nicely staying of a man or woman as measured in energy. The colour and depth of these auras give the healer a clue to the wellness of the person they are learning.

Pranic healing restores the normal morphic field,  which causes 'remarkable recovery' or spontaneous remission.

Relief from pain, is long-lasting, as it is due to a physical change acting at sub-atomic level , rather than just the enhanced release of the body's own endorphins.


In Yoga, the three main channels of prana are the Ida, the Pingala and the Sushumna. Ida relates to the right side of the brain, and the left side of the body, terminating at the left nostril and pingala to the left side of the brain and the right side of the body, terminating at the right nostril. In some practices, alternate nostril breathing balances the prana that flows within the body. In ancient  Vedic texts, the total number of nadis in the human body is stated to be 72,000.. All energy is a vortex-- NOT a wave, as you are told in your science books.
 

Often we are not able to identify the upset or past trauma. In this case, it may not be as easy as just changing the channel of our thoughts. Even though many of these issues have been long forgotten, subconsciously, our behavior is still shaped by them. 

Our molecular and cellular matrix remembers the painful experience and may cause us to avoid situations that seem similar for fear of reenacting the experience. Poor health often results. In addition, this constricted energy many times affects our habits and perceptions in negative ways,like addictions. 

Once you let go of the emotional distress, your thoughts and actions are no longer influenced by subconscious self-sabotaging influences. The way we react to an event is recorded in our molecular matrix.

If each cell contains all of the information for the whole organism, then our experiences, good or bad, are also recorded on a cellular level. Those experiences that we perceive as life threatening may continue to resonate within the memory banks of the body’s crystalline cellular and molecular matrix because we were not able to resolve the conflict or dissipate its energy. 

This matrix memory can alter our beliefs about ourselves and consequently our behavior as a result of the earlier, traumatic experience. This can cause us to feel disempowered, have low self-esteem, or feel unloved. These feelings all have a resonant frequency signature that vibrates throughout our being. This energetic disturbance upsets neurohormonal pathways in our body and constrict the energetic flow to cells, DNA, organ tissue, muscle tissue, and other systems in our body. 

Thoughts and emotions have an electromagnetic frequency vibration that is perceived by every cell in the body through the instant communication system of scalar waves. Negative thoughts and emotions can interfere with the electromagnetic, bio photon signaling at the cellular membrane and DNA levels. When this happens, the communication signals become chaotic and cellular information and instructions for enzyme and protein formation become blocked




Pranic healing is NOT pseudo Medicine. You cannot measure Scalar waves of 5 dimensional energy with 4 dimensional equipment. However it can be seen visually by Kirlian cameras and GDV ( gas discharge visualisation ).







Every human being is a microcosmos within himself.   He is a universe of cells, each with its own individual intelligence. The intelligence of all the cells makes up the sum total of the intelligence of the human system.


The optimum cell voltage for most cells in the body is in the 70-90 milli-volt range. If you raise cell voltage,there is an increase of overall body energy levels thus increasing cellular energy for trillions of cells to the ideal 70-90 milli-volt range. This improves cell wall permeability thus facilitating the intake of nutrients into each and every cell and the elimination of waste from each and every cell.

SCALAR energy is capable of restructuring water molecules into smaller clusters, thus promoting the biochemical functions of water related activities in the body, and revitalising the metabolic functions of living things. When scalar energy is applied on the human body, the scalar wave both improves the bio-field radiating outside the body and works internally to permeate the body's tissues. Scalar energy also has the ability to destroy viruses and bacteria.

Scalar energy facilitates unclumping of cells and enhances circulation. This allows the fluid to flow rapidly, delivering nutrients to the cells and carrying waste away from the cells. This scalar energy also improves the permeability of cell walls. Each individual human cell possesses two characteristics – capacitance and inductance – which are the elements of a tuned circuit. 

Healing energy produces tiny eddy currents in body tissue.  This improve the activities of the body's enzymes, enhance ion transport at a cellular level and affect membrane potentials. The body does not to consist of dense matter but rather vortices of energy spinning continuously, vibrating at very high frequency and giving the appearance of hard matter.

The human body consists of approximately 70% water. Many biologically active compounds are switched on or off by changes in the concentrations of dissolved ions such as sodium and potassium. Individual water molecules, with their tendency to form hydrogen bonds, also stabilise the structure of proteins, whose action depends crucially on their shape. If the hydrogen bonding angles of one molecule are altered, those in the other molecules might be expected to follow suit (as in a domino effect).

Every atom and molecule within us depends on the rest of the universe. We are interconnected outward expressions of this Divine energy. This interconnection is all-pervasive and instantaneous. The manifestation of this energy comes from the ‘empty’ vacuum, known as the quantum vacuum, which is actually ‘packed full’ of God’s creative energy in a stable state. This all-pervading energy is sometimes referred to as a universal scalar wave, which is a form of electrostatic energy that has the potential to create but is currently without physical manifestation.

All biological behavior can be controlled by “invisible” energy forces, which include thoughtDuring healing the healer's alpha brainwaves synchronise with those of the healee, so both will be resonating at the same frequency (sympathetic resonance) .


Channelling energy through the healer and to the healee involves both being in the alpha state. 

Here is a video of a Filipino healer. His knowledge of Chakras, (though he utters Sanskrit terms) -- is purely pedestrian, but he gives a good practical outline of what it takes.  It is better to charge your hands with a crystal.




Consciousness, is a form of EM energy, that focused thought (with intent) can achieve extraordinary things. Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains an the quantum energy sea. We literally resonate the cosmos. The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention.

Scalar waves from your mobius supercoil DNA couples with intention and consciousness.  Intentions enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy produced by DNA. Your DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether.. Intention is like the tuning fork which causes other forks to resonate to the same frequency.

When properly activated by sound combined with intention, the superconductor that is DNA is designed to re-harmonize the entire bioenergy blueprint. Our mind itself is scalar in nature. Our intentions create our reality. As proved amply by the double slit experiment the consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being.  

Scalar waves are information carrying waves rather than energy waves. which are linked to human consciousness and are created by human thought and emotions. They are the interface between the mental and the physical world although we must keep in mind that in reality there is no duality between them. All the processes in the body including cell communications are triggered by quantum fluctuations, and all higher brain functions and consciousness also appears at the quantum level.

MAKE YOUR " INTENTION" RING THE TUNING FORK OF YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS -  Be aware that the intention of the healer is most important.
*******************************************************************************
VEDIC COSMOLOGY OF INDIA - 5000 BC -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
When I was in school we had in our school science text, ( prepared by Lord Macaulay ), the Indian concept of the planet.  

It was the back of a tortoise , and the white man ridiculed that Indians were dead scared of people falling off the edge of the world. 

And then they gave various other models of Greek, English , etc where the white man got it right, unlike the stupid Indian.

I remember getting very embarassed as a 8 year old child--and breaking into a sweat. 


NOT ANY MORE-

Till I started sailing around the world, I had an inferiority complex as an Indian. 

Then to my surprise , after dealing on a one on one basis with almost every race on this planet-- except the land locked ones,-  today-- I know what I am worth or what my son is worth , or what Indians are worth.

I remember when my brilliant elder son went to Cornell USA, for his computer Science ME, he called me on my ship and told me on day ONE --

"Daddy, I am feeling very low, as I feel that everyone in my class is better than me.  Some of them are PHD students  --  and they are doing deadly computer code projects, which I cant make head and tail of "

My advise was simple " Son, next time self doubt gnaws at you ,  take a deep breath and remember you are the son of Capt Ajit Vadakayil, and that you belong to the Indian race. We are the world's first civilization for a simple reason --PERIOD!  " 

This advise helped , for pretty soon, complex computer codes were the dirt under his finger nail --

It must be remembered that till Indians became slaves of the Muslims 800 years ago and then the Christians, the maximum inventions and discoveries on this planet were made by Indians.

Today I know that every Indian Vedic 11000 year old knowledge, written down in Sanskrit in book in 5000 BC ( Bhagawat Puranas etc ) was stolen by the white man, who patented it for themselves. 

Muslim invaders wanted gold, The Christian invaders wanted to steal knowledge , patent it in their names ( like thief Isaac Newton in Calculus ) and then they shamelessly destroyed or hid the original Sanskrit texts. 

For translations , they literally kidnapped a lot of our Sanskrit speaking Kashmiri pundits to London. Nothing has been heard of them since then. Today Kashmir has almost NIL Hindu Sankrit Pandits.

See the video below -- if you have 49 minutes to spare






They planted imaginary stories of how Sage Astronomer Varahamihira (2660 BC )  had conversations with Christians, to post date him to AD .  How he stole Pascal's triangles and 5 square magic numbers.

Then they went around making sure that all encyclopedias including Britannica say that Varahamihira just stole from Ptolemy. That his Romka Siddhanta was stolen from Romans.  That his Palisa Siddhanta was stolen from --hold your breath-- Paulisa the Greek.

This is as stupid as saying Romania was part of Rome.

Varahamihira was a student of Aryabhatta. Varahamihira just compiled old Vedic astrology, which was dying--in a lucid manner. Even today all astrology in Kerala belongs to Varahamihira OR Mihira Muni's method. . Mihira Muni's observatory and library was at Sultan Bathery-- there is an ancient 3600 year old Jain temple at that spot today. 
Isaac Newton stole his gravity and laws of motion theories from the great work of Varahamihira.  How Newton stole his Calculus and Physics from India can be read by punching into google search  ISAAC NEWTON THE CALCULUS THIEF- VADAKAYIL.
Varahamihira wrote the Brihat Samhita. Kerala navigation is based on his Astronomy. He had written that moon and planets do NOT have their own light, but takes light from the sun, 4600 years ago. Brihatsamhita (The Great Compilation) discusses topics such as :- Descriptions of heavenly bodies, their movements and conjunctions and meteorological phenomena.

उत्तानपादपुत्रोऽसौ मेढीभूतो ध्रुवो दिवि ।
स हि भ्रमन् भ्रामयते नित्यं चन्द्रादित्यौ ग्रहैः सह ।। 

It means : "Uttanpāda's son Dhruva is the fixed point in the Heavens on Mount Meru , around which all planets moves round" The Chatur-yuga, 4,320,000 years is related to the precessional cycle, 25,791 years corresponding to a precession of 50.15 arc-seconds per year.

He recorded Kepler's laws of precession 4.5 milleniums ago. This 25791 year wobble was understood by Vedic Maharshis  seers 9500 years ago, without using simple potter's wheels. 

he greater circle upon which the "ayanamsha" or 'ascendant of the Earth' is traced, and which coincides with the annual equinoctial point every 25,765 years. Set against the backdrop of the Zodiac, it takes the Earth 25, 765 years to make a "Complete Round" of the 12 astrological signs and 2,150 years to complete one astrological Age.


The Precessional Cycle of the Greek astronomer Hipparchus, in the Second century BC. Is lifted from the Vedas which is older by 500 years , in black and white written in Sanksrit.  11000 year ago, great Vedic seers with 12 strand DNA  known as Maha Rishis developed precise formulas for calculating the cosmic cycles, and wove their celestial equations into the fabric of their myths and legends. Principal among these cosmological parables was the "Line of Ten Avatars".



According to tradition, Vishnu, one of the principle deities of the Hindu trinity takes birth at particular points in the cosmic cycle which correspond to the earth's passage through the 'Fixed' zodiacal ages. Vishnu appears every 6,450 years at the commencement of the signs of Taurus, Leo, Scorpio and Aquarius. He appears at the behest of a suffering world and comes to destroy evil and injustice and reestablish the eternal truths of the Sanatana Dharma.
 
The sun's yearly passage from Tropic of Cancer to Tropic of Capricon , due to tilt of the earth's axis ( precession of equinox ) is the basis of various 7000 year old Hindu festivals in India.

Aryabhatta ( 2700 BC ) one of the top 5 mathematicians ever , lived in Kerala as his astronomical calculations used a latitude near Calicut. Aryabhatta was the first to calculate Pi of 3.1416 and the solar year of 365.358 days . He propounded a heliocentric universe 4000 years before Copernicus, with elliptically orbiting planets and a spherical earth spinning on its axis explaining the motion of the heavens. He was the father of plane / spherical Trigonometry and Algebra, when Europe was in the dark ages.. Today you don't see this pioneers name in the list of top 100 mathematicians.



Aryabhatta was the first to compute the circumference of the earth, with an error of just 64 mile

Poor Galileo did a Aryabhatta 4 millineums years later , that the earth is round and circles the sun , and the church blinded him , so that he can never look into another telescope .


 Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth.  The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun—all this was known in India 11000 years ago when OM mantra  which is represented in digits as 108 , was created by Maharishis with 12 strand DNAs.  All mantras are repeated 108 times.. Every Hindu rosary has 108 beads for this. There are 108 upanishads. There are 108 elements in Mendeleyeev’s periodic tables—the rest after Hassium with 108 protons,  till 121 are too short lived.  12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.  Ayurveda and Kalari talks about 108 marmas.  Bharatanatyam dance has 108 mudras. Shiva has 108 names.



Almost all of modern Navigation and Astronomy is stolen from Vedic texts. That the ecliptic is a great circle in the same plane as earth’s orbit , at an angle of 23 deg 27 min to the equinoxial ( equator projection ), where the First pointof Aries cuts from South to North. That when Latitude and Declination is the same, the Sun is overhead, and at the Tropic of Cancer and Capricon the Declination of the Sun is maximum at 23 deg 27 min.

That Druv is the Pole star, always at the North, and that the pointers of the Sapta Rishi( 7 sages ) Great Bear pointed towards it .. That the earth spins West to East , so that all heavenly bodies rise form East. Kerala Navigators used the coconut sextant at least 4500 years ago. They did NOT need to do calculations as they projected the sun on a stereographic rational horizon , and they had the tables for Declination of the sun .

They had the commonsense to understand spherical trigonometry between three points  The Sun where it cuts on the earth’s crust (to the earths core) ,  the earths North pole on the earth’s crust and the position of their ship on the earth’s crust.  It is all about commonsense and spherical trigonometry of a triangle with 2 straight sides and a curved side, invented by Aryabhatta in 2700 BC.   When you have two values-- a straight side given by sextant angle , another curved side given by declination, a third desired value is a piece of cake.

In fact the 2000 year old Bible has amazing similarities with 7000 year old  Indian Vedic Astronomical texts.

3 wise kings sitting on 3 camels follow the eastern star--


the 3 stars of " belt of orion constellation" ( alnitak/ alnilam/ mintaka ) aligns with the brightest star in the heavens , sirius ( canis major constellation ) on 25th Dec. draw a straight line through theses 4 points-- and the sun rises there.


Inside the great pyramids sun god Osiris is Orion, his consort Isis is Sirius . Horus was their son--


here it is Jesus.
The annual eclipses of the Sirius system by the Sun are extremely precise. Sirius (Mrgavyadha "deer hunter ) rises just before the Sun on the morning of June 19th, exactly 365 days, 6 hours, 9 minutes, and 9.54 seconds after its last rising. In the past the new year has been celebrated by most people on the planet on the morning of June 19th, at the rising of Sirius.
3 wise men sitting on camels  reach Bethlehem and see Jesus born in the stable delivered by virgin Mary.   


Why a strange place as a stable?  The stable is to be construed between the Makara Capricon goat and Dhanu Sagittarius horse constellations.  


Constellation Virgo which has Spica star is house of bread. 
Kanya literally virgin ( Mary ) in Sanskrit,  holds a sheaf of wheat.    In Sanskrit , and my language Malayalam KANYA STHREE means "Virgin" Woman -- or a Roman Catholic nun.
Bethelehem in Yiddish is house of bread.  When the new spring sun rose at Mina Pisces, Virgo was standing on the western horizon, for it is exactly opposite to Pisces in the zodiac.

Jesus is crucified on the cross. On 22nd dec , the sun is SETS under the southern cross ( 4 star constellation ) and is resurrected after 3 days.  After 3 days the sun rises-- and now days become longer than nights ( down from tropic of cancer and up from the tropic of capricon ) .

12 disciples of Jesus are the 12 Zodiacs, Aries to Pisces in Sanskrit are  Mesa , Vrishabha, Mithunam, Karkatakam, Simha, Kanya, Tulam , Vrisksikam, Danu, Makaram, Kumbham, Meenam. This was written in Sanskrit at least 5000 years before it was written in any other language.
One of them THOMAS , of doubting Thomas fame, who came to my hometown Calicut in Kerala by ship . He built the first three churches at Kodungaloor , Paravur and Kokamangalam.  



This means Kerala Christians are senior to their counterparts elsewhere.  Peter went to Vatican, where there was a Shiva temple . This black Shiva Lingam is  Vatican underground vaults.

In 2150 BC the zodiac of Taurius ( Indian Vrishabham / Aldebaran )) is over , for it existed only from 4300 BC to 2150 BC
The age from 2150 BC is Aries, ( indian Medam / Hamal )) the ram till 1 AD.

Jesus feeds 2 fishes to 5000 folks . From 1 AD to 2150 AD it is the age of Pisces( Indian Menam ) . It must be remembered Jesus was a vegetarian after he went back from Kerala to Jerusalem after learning meditation , astrology and healing.


 This is Krishna indicating Matsya avatar in 4000 BC.  Equinoxial and ecliptic cuts at Pisces , ( due to tilt of the earth at 23.5 degress ) and NOT aries.
 

So in the Nautical almanac it should be GHA pisces -- NOT GHA aries!!. 
This means modern English navigation was lifted from somewhere between 2150 BC to 1 AD, from Vedic Astronomy of the Kerala school of Navigation.  Luke 22:10 last pass over-- follow the man with water pitcher


From 2150 AD it is Aquarius ( Indian Kumbam )-- a new age, new sunrise at spring equinox -- precession of the equinoxes--

Constellations go backwards, in the yearly cycle -- the zodiac cycle is 25765 years.
Why 25765 years? If you take a spinning top and give it a push, it will begin to wobble in a manner called precession. The axis of the Earth makes a 25765 year wobble with an amplitude of tens of degrees.
This is all due to the influence of the Moon's tidal attraction of the Earth, as per 21st century scientists, who cannot visualise -- while 7000 yeas ago, Vedic science says something else-- the truth. 

See video below.



. On 21st Dec 2012, the planet will drift towards consciousness, at the end of the Kali Yuga.


The Bhagavad Gita, of 4000 BC, one of India's most sacred scriptures, reveals something of this cosmic process in Krishna's dialogue with Arjuna. Krishna tells his disciple:

Paritranaya sadhunam vinashaya cha dushkritam.
 
Dharma sansthapanarthaya sambhavami yuge yuge.
 
(Gita 4:8)

"Whenever the world declineth in virtue and righteousness; and vice and injustice mount the throne, then cometh I, the Lord and revisit my world in visible form, and mingleth as a man with men, and by my influence and teachings do I destroy the evil and injustice and reestablish virtue and righteousness. Many times have I thus appeared, and many times hereafter shall I come again."

Planets Uranus, Neptune and Pluto were named Shweta, Shyama and Teevra in our Vedas ( Vyasa Muni )
*******************************************************************************
DEC 21ST 2012 AND BEYOND , MEANING OF FREE CHOICE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


All over the Internet you find people giving bull about doomsday on Dec 21st 2012. 

Vedic science has a different take. 

First watch the video below-- listen to what he has to say. 

After that I will give a scientific explanation. 

Vedas have to be interpreted scientifically,to understand the true beauty.

 If you don't have the grey matter you will think these are shepherd's verses like what Max Mueller did propaganda, to trash the Vedas out of sheer jealousy.




All of us have 2 strand DNA. Out of this 96% is junk. Your pineal gland has shrivelled to the size of a dried up raisin.  

After 21st Dec 2012, you have the FREE CHOICE to upgrade or mutate your DNA with some help from cosmic dust and rays . 

Your DNA is a energy transceiver and acts as a organising matrix with Consciousness. The Kali Yuga ends here, at the start of the new precession cycle. 

The cross between equinoctial and ecliptic will shift from Pisces to Aquarius. 

This means you get rid of your junk DNA first--rather activate them to useful DNA.. The sign of negativity, (such as persisting with HAARP) in this respect will be seen as ALBINO births in humans , animals and birds.

It is your choice to go from classical knowledge mode to wisdom mode. Wisdom determined how knowledge is used, right?  So this means Darwin and Newton has to be consigned to the dustbin of history.

The Vedas were written by 12 strand DNA Maharishis, with NIL junk DNA.  They had king sized Pineal Glands. 

The Sanskrit language came from a 12 strand DNA.This is why Mantras in Sanskrit are very effective. 

The Vedas were written by such evolved sages 7000 years back in Sanskrit,when the whole world was doing grunt grunt for language and living in caves. 

These sages could see colours , sounds and mathematics as fractal Geometry. They had wider 5 senses than you and me.

In a Shiva temple the pineal gland is the Shiva lingam black meteorite stone. It is NOT Shiva's penis or phallus as per Vatican propaganda. 

The black stone on the SE corner of the Kaaba Mecca is such a stone. You find a Shiva Lingam in every Shiva temple in India. This resonates the pineal gland with you DNA to speed up the chakras and increase your aura.

There has been NIL 12 strand DNA humans in the past 1000 years, with the exception of Nikola Tesla and Srinivasa Ramanujan, who had fractal minds. Scalar waves emitted from such DNA travels faster than light, without losing strength through any medium.

A 12 strand DNA is much more complicated than any conscious super computer. Of course no material super computer can understand a joke or arrive at the moral of a story. 

Now let me digress to FREE CHOICE, as is contained in the Vedas.

Our brain is holographic. While introducing Nikola Tesla to Akasha or longitudinal field ZPF waves , in 1903, the great Indian mystic has told him -"Every part is a whole and everything springs from the whole". 

This was 45 years before a hologram was invented. 

Our brain can store unlimited data, because our brain is holographic. 

Holograms are all about changing the angle at which two lasers strike a piece of photographic film- to record many different images on same surface. 

Any image thus recorded can be retrieved simply by illuminating the film with a laser beam possessing the same angle as the original two beams. 


Our FREE CHOICE is about finding the right angle to call up the image / memory of what we want or search. 



This is why a person seconds away from suicide can be given a tight slap across his face , to force change this angle--and then he would not want to commit suicide at all.
Surprised?
Energy cannot be destroyed –it can only be transformed. 

Nothing that was created can ever cease to exist. They can only change. And so we change. 

We emerge from microscopic interactions of cells and DNA grow to the physical form we know in the world and then shed that form like how a butterfly emerges from its chrysalis to fly home. 

There is a connection between DNA and consciousness . The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from the scalar field. 

When a DNA strand is placed in a vacuum, the energy emitted by that strand will attract photons which will assume the same shape of the DNA strand, even if the DNA strand is removed later.

As per 7000 year old Vedas , intelligent waves called SOMVARTA are responsible for spontaneous 
evolution of species.

Think about it!




*******************************************************************************
SAMUDRA MANTHAN AGAIN ON 21ST DEC 2012 - PART 1-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
MOUNT MERU- OLDEST CHURCH AND MOSQUE AT KODUNGALOOR- CALICUT THE ANCIENT HUB OF THE WORLD

This post is for the one billion Hindus on this planet, who have been made to feel inferior , for adhering to a religion full of superstitions.

This is for the Hindus forcibly converted into Christianity and Islam by the invaders , who ruled India for 750 years.

This is for the converted Hindus who inherited their religion from their parents, and hence have NOT exercised their free choice. 

Pakistanis must realise that as shown in MIND YOUR LANGUAGE ,  British TV serial,  Ali and Chinese Sulie had nothing in common--- and once they nearly got married.  They are the same DNA stock as Indians.  In fact Pakistanis and Afghanis ( once an integral part of the Vedic Saraswati civilization ) are closer to Saraswati river, that me sitting in Kerala.  What a great civilization they were forced to disown, just because of divide and rule and other uncontrollable circumstances ! Why do we keep fighting?


  
It must be noted that Indian Christians in Kerala are senior to their counterparts, else where on this planet. 

  
Before the death of Jesus Christ he had willed his two most loyal and intelligent disciples Peter and Thomas to go to foreign lands and propagate his teachings. 


  
Thomas ( of doubting fame ) reached the shores on Calicut  ( my home town ) in 52 AD and set up the first church at Kodungaloor, Kerala. This church is the second church of this world. This church as destroyed and rebuilt.


  
Why Kodungaloor ( called Murichipattanam in Ramayana of 4300 BC ) and not Calicut?  For Calicut was the HUB of the ancient world-- accessed by sea, even before the Pyramids were built.  The rest of India was well protected by Himalayas with treacherous and unsurountable Hindu Kush Bholan and Khyber , passes


   
Because Kodungaloor was the cultural centre of the Calicut king . This place resonated with the Hindu king mantra OM of 7.83 hertz ( Schumann's resonance ). 




Generators for this earth's heart beat are taken by astronauts in their space craft.  


   
Calicut was the capital of the kingdom. Today the cultural festivities has shifted to nearby Trissur-- you can see in Google search what the Pooram festival is.


  
I am from Calicut. Vasco da Gama landed at Calicut in 1498-- and he " discovered " India ( sic! ). The Calicut king has re-settled all the Jews who fled from Jerusalem after the siege of Jerusalem in 587 BC.  

   
King Solomon's mother , the dusky long haired and attractive mistress of Jew hero David , Bath Sheba was from Calicut. 

   
Peter went to Vatican where there existed a magnificent Shiva temple. The black meteorite stone or Shiva Lingam ( Pineal gland of Shiva-- NOT penis as per Vatican ) is still in the subterranean vaults of Vatican.

     
King Cheraman Perumal of my hometown Calicut in haste all the way to Mecca to meet Prophet Mohammed, on frantic summons from the Shiva temple priest by carrier falcon. 


   
This Hindu king got converted to Islam. He gave a hand written letter which gave imperial permission to build a mosque at Kodungaloor, called Cranganore by the British. 

This mosque built by Malik Bin Dinar , the favourite disciple of Mohammed the Prophet is still there and it faces eastwards as it was a temple converted into a mosque, on the Calicut king's orders.. 



This is the second oldest mosque of the world . Malik Bin Dinar was the first Qazi of the mosque.


   
Ibn Batuta and Zheng He ( a Chinese Muslim admiral) both had prayed at Cheramam Perumal mosque at Kodungaloor.

  
Why did Cheram Perumal go to Mecca in haste ?  He travelled from Calicut to Salalah by his own ship, and from there by caravan camel.  There was a 9000 year old Shiva temple there, whose black meteorite stone is now on the SE corner of the Kaaba. 


  
This temple was built in the time of Indian Aryan Emperor Vikramaditya , who ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam-- also known at Bharat Varsha kingdom. 




The temple at Jerusalem is now called the Dome of the Rock and is now fought over fanatically  by Muslims , Jews and Christians . The original Hindu Shiva temple was dubbed PAGAN.  



Vikramaditya's symbol was the 6 point star of David and his gold dish ( as per Encyclopedia Britannica was seen in the room of Kaaba ) . This temple was at a beautiful oasis with perennial water ( zam zam ) on the ancient caravan route path from Salalah to Constantinople and Jerusalem. 



The Mecca priest's family of this temple doubled up as Calicut king's accountant  of this ancient spice trading depot.  King Alexander came to know of India from the traveller on this route carrying spices from Calicut.

   
The Calicut king converted to Islam and was renamed Tajuddin by Hazrat Syedina Mohammed Ur Razool. On the way back to Calicut he died of illness , and his body is at a dargah in Salalah. 


    
Malik had prayed at this dargah at Salalah Oman , before he came to Calicut by ship , and then went to Kodungaloor. Later several of Prophet Muhammed's disciples were buried at Kodungallor mosque.


    
Kodungaloor was destroyed in Oct 1504 by a vindictive Portuguese Lopo Soares. Deliberate fires were lit by his men Duarte Periera and  Fernandes Correira, and a great cultural centre was destroyed. . 

He left the Syrian Christian quarters alone and destroyed the Muslim and the Jew quarters.  All three faiths had been living in absolute harmony there. It was known as the 2nd Jerusalem of the world.



Enough of Kodungaloor. The Chinese nets were instaled by Zheng He.



Hardly anybody knows that today there are more Muslims in India that the rest of the world put together ( leave out Indonesia ).

Hardly anybody knows that a Hindu is a Jew's best friend , as they have never been persecuted in Hindu India.  Very few people know that Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene ( a dusky long haired woman again ) was in Kerala for 3 years to learn meditation, aura healing , Ayurveda medicine etc before he took a ship to Jerusalem . 



Jesus travelled from Calicut to Suez by ship , to visit the Egyptian pyramids ,and Sphinx built by Maharishis from Kerala, before he took a caravan to Jeruslam
  
Why did Jesus Christ visit Kerala?  His blood line is from King David and Bath Sheba.  

David's son King Solomon's teak ships were built in Kerala Beypore ( URU ).  Teak name derives from the Malayalam word Tekku. 



David's son King Solomon's wife was yet again a most attractive dusky long haired woman from Kerala.  She took huge diamonds, amazing fortune telling talking parrots, ivory, cinnamon, diamonds, frankincense, aloe vera, peacocks , trained monkeys, sandalwood , rosewood chess pieces and sitar,  activated coconut shell charcoal for poison ingestion , tiger skins , gold braided cloth, exotic honey, pepper,  etc as presents . These things are most abundant in Kerala--and NOT available on that side of this planets hemisphere.
  

    
Those who want to believe Wikipedia or Britannica about who invented chess, pl be aware that Chess in Indis was a king's game. The Mahabharata war in 4000 BC, was triggered by a game of chess. There is a Krishna legend about placing one grain of rice on the first square , two on the second, four on the third. ( Ambalapuzha paal payasam story ) . This story has been very generously granted to the Chinese by Max Mueller, hell bent on dumping Vedic culture into the dustbin of history. Well if you must rule over slaves, then you must show that they are all balls right? 



Maharishis building pyramids and Sphinx-- what bullshit-- right? 


   
Well consider this.

The Maharshis were Vishnu followers and had U marks on their body. Impotep, the hero of the Pharaoh , had this Vaishnava mark.


    
The Hindu sacred fractal geometry of Sri Yantra which contains the theory of everything is 7000 years old. Both Sri Yantra base triangle and the Giza pyramids have an angle of 51 deg 49 min. The whole complex of 3 pyramids and the Sphinx is build on the golden spiral using the Golden Fibonacci ratio. 



   
Fibonacci stole like how thief Isaac Newton stole Calculus from Keralat Mathematician Madhavan. So mant white men stole from ancient Vedic science and patented everything in theirown names , just because we were their slaves. 


    
Italian Fibonacci stole an Arabian translation from Sanskrit  of the great Indian Mathematician Pingala's Matra Meru ( written in 500 BC ) , from Bejaya Algeria and patented it in his name. 


    
Till the Muslim invaders came to India 750 years ago India was the richest country in the world, and had produced maximum inventions and discoveries. 


    

On Aug 10th 1990, the Crop circle of the PERFECT Sri Yantra 13.3 miles long lines ( 10 inches wide and 3 inches deep ) , was etched on a wet Mickey basin lake bed, at Alvord desert, overnight and was photographed by a Oregon US air force pilot. 



It’s location in the desert of eastern Oregon is now a “sacred place” for UFO watchers worldwide who still make the journey to the Mikey Basin to be near the site where Sri Yantra was first discovered.









   
       
The King's chamber of the Great Giza pyramid is a representation of etherical abode of Lord Shiva , the Mount Meru of 7000 year old Vedic texts .  





Mount Meru extends from earth into space to a height of 85 times earth's diameter.  



Lord Shiva is the destroyer god of the Trinity of Tamas Rajas Satwa ( yin-yang ) or creator/ preserver/ destroyer, represented by Shiva's trident.  



Meru was used to churn the oceans , Sagar Manthan for divine nectar or ambrosia.



The Vatican is designed as a MERU and a Shiva Lingam tabernacle-- courtesy Peter as instructed by his master.








  
The Meru is also depicted in the Rossyln Chapel of Scotland, inserted by the Templar Knights who converted to Hinduism and hence were burnt at the stake.





The Kali Yuga gets over on 21st Dec 2012--  after this date we will have the Kumbh Mela.  Mount Meru was used to churn the oceans 6100 years ago. 



This post is getting too long-- so I will post the balance about Mount Meru as Part 2.







Below picture is my wife and elder son at Egyptian Pyramids.


The pyramid apex would have a blue plasma glow which could be seen for thousands of miles around. The king's chamber has a stone coffin--this was meant to contain mercury.  Mercury ion vortex technology is Vedic Vimana technology--used by Germans --with Vedic books taken away by Hermann Gundert.


Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang ).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles.. Together they express the great void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the oceans for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. The amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine LSD-- rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep, while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT, etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16, just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2 strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil. 
*******************************************************************************
BEYOND 21ST DEC 2012-- OPENING YOUR THIRD EYE WITH NATURAL AMBROSIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


SAMUDRA MANTHAN AGAIN ON DEC 21ST 2012-- PART 2


This could probably be one of the most valuable posts on the Internet, among billions.



I have been debating to myself for the past two years if I must write on this profound subject.  I will reveal about 10% as it is a bit too dangerous to reveal all . 



In any case Soma has disappeared from this planet.

This post cannot be reproduced without my express permission.



When Alexander the Great came to India in 326 BC, his soldiers saw Indian sages with long hair and beards , standing on one leg with one hand raised hopelessly tangled by creepers and vines with snakes in them.


You could see they have been doing it for years as the raised hand was shrivelled. Yet their glowing faces showed absolute bliss. 










This frightened and totally demoralised his soldiers and even their horses. They literally shat in their pants.  The battle with King Porus was half lost , there itself.  






After that Alexander made sure his soldiers never saw these gruesome sights.



What compels me to write, is that the 7000 year old Rig Veda, written in Sanskrit, has 117 hymns about a wonder elexir by the name of Soma.  And thousands of temples have the Samudra Manthan depicted , extracting amrit by churning the ocean  . 

Till today no body has got it right, in any book or any post on the Internet. 


Let me first narrate the Hindu mythological story first.



The king of Gods ( Devas ) Indra was a bit of a egomaniac.  Once he was riding on his elephant Airavata when he bumped into a seer Durvasa Muni on the way, who was famous for his short fuse. Everybody was in awe of Durvasa, and he always wore tattered clothes due to a vow of insanity he was observing. 


He had with him a garland of heavenly flowers given to him by a nymph. He tossed the garland towards Indra who placed it on his elephants head showing total insensitivity. The elephant was disturbed by the strange scent of the flowers and it threw down the garland on the ground and stamped on it. 


Durvasa was upset seeing the disrespect and cursed Indra, and told him that he would be thrown down from his throne, the same way the garland was thrown down..He also cursed all the Devas and said that they would soon lose their sheen.  Indra immediately got down from the elephant and begged for forgiveness,by Durvasa would not retract the curse or even soften it, and went on his way.. 



When the Asuras ( demons ) heard of this they were overjoyed, and they attacked the Devas under the leadership of Bali, (the King of Kerala ). The Devas were routed in battle and Bali became king of the universe. The gods were told by Brahma to go to Vishnu for help.



Vishnu told them to strike a deal with the Asuras, and get them to join them as a team to churn amrit or ambrosia ( nectar of immortality ) from the oceans, and promise to share it 50-50 with them..It was done long ago in the past at the end of the last precession cycle ( 25675 years cycle )  .



And Vishnu would make sure that Asuras would NOT get a drop of it. There was no other alternative as Sage Shukracharya the son of Bhrigu Rishi was on the side of the Asuras and was training them.




Shukracharya had a point to prove to the Devas who had spurned him when he offered to be their guru. They chose Sage Brihaspati son of Maharishi Angira instead. Brihaspati is known in other cultures as Zeus  or Thor.



Lord Shiva had a mantra by the name of Sanjeevani. This mantra was very powerful and could revive a dead man. He would give it only to those who pleased him. One way to please him was to hang upside down, on a high tree branch by your knees for one year. 



If you fall asleep and drop down you break you neck. You cannot talk and cannot consume food . Right below smoke would be sent up from a bonfire of dry leaves. Nobody dared to do this penance. Shukrachrya was determined to please Shiva and get hold of this mantra.



Everybody was keeping keen vigilance of this penance as the one year completion date was getting near. The King of the Devas Lord Indra panicked and decided to play a bit dirty. He sent his daughter disguised as a brahmin woman past the sentries. She threw some dry red  chillies into the fire without anybody noticing. The acrid fumes of the chillies made Shukracharyas eyes bleed. The woman was filled with remorse.  Lord Shiva unable to tolerate this foul play immediately appeared and gave Shukracharya the mantra as a boon.



This churning of the ocean was an elaborate process. Mount Mandaranchal ( Meru ) was to be the churning dasher. Vasuki the King of serpents was to be the rope. Vishnu avatar Kurma a tortoise would take the rotating Meru on its back. Smart Indra told the gods to hold the tail . The dumb asuras held the head, and they started churning to and fro for all they were worth. Asuras were getting scorched by flames which appeared frequently from the mouth of 5 headed Vasuki.



Pretty soon Vasuki felt the strain and vomited out deadly venom, which became so toxic and polymerising forming a froth on the ocean , that all were scared.  This would have been the end of the world.


Lord Shiva was compassionate and drank up this poison. Shiva's consort Parvati pressed his neck so that the poison would not reach his stomach. Shiva did not die, but his neck became blue and hence his name Neel Kanthan.( blue throated ).. 

 

Shiva was advised by the celestial doctors not to sleep, and keep dancing, so that the poison could be burnt out and excreted . The gods took turns to amuse Shiva throughout the long night. This night is a festival in India ( Shiva ratri -- or thanks giving night for Shiva ) were Hindus fast all day , do NOT sleep at night , and have cultural festivities in all temples.



Below Dhanwantari in 4 armed Vishnu form -holding the Sudarsana Chakra weapon and Conch in the upper right and lefts hands. In the other two hands he carries a pot containing the nectar of immortality and a leech.



The 14th shloka of Shivmahimna Stotra says: "O three eyed Lord, when the poison came up through the churning of the ocean by the gods and demons, they were all aghast with fear as if the untimely end of all creation was imminent. In your kindness, you drank all the poison that still makes your throat blue. O Lord, even this blue mark does but increase your glory. What is apparently a blemish becomes an ornament in one intent on ridding the world of fear."


 

Finally the churning was successful and Lord Dhanvantari , the god of Ayurveda rose from the ocean., with a pot containing the nectar of immortality or amrit. 



The Devas tried to vamoose with the nectar and the asuras gave it to them and snatched the pot away. 



The divine eagle known to be large enough to block the sun ( a Vimana plane of Vishnu ) snatched the pot and flew away. While on the flight 4 drops fell on 4 places on earth- Prayag ( named by Muslim invaders as Allah- abad ), Hardwar, Ujain and Nasik.  




These are the four spots the Kumbh Mela, the biggest pilgrimage show on earth is held, when about 80 million pilgrims take a dip in the holy river..



However the asuras got hold of the pot again. Vishnu came as Mohini the beautiful dancer , distracted  the asuras and melted away with the pot. She distributed it among the devas without keeping anything for the asuras as per the original contract. 



However two asuras Rahu and Ketu came in disguise as devas and consumes the amrit. before the amrit went down the throats Sun god Surya and moon god Chandra shouted to Mohini , to use the Surarshan chakra, the scalar vortex and cut off their heads, which she did in one shot. 



Rahu and Ketu are the North and South Lunar nodes causing the sun and moon eclipses.



Adi Shankarachrya wrote about the Samudra Manthan ( ocean churning ) in 2000 BC, at Kaladi in Kerala.





The above video shows Samudra Manthan at Bangkok airport.

 


 

The date of Kumbh at Haridwar falls when Jupiter is in Aquarius, and Sun and Moon are in the Aries and Sagittarius zodiacs respectively.

As Jupiter takes about 11 years, 10 months and 14 days to complete its revolution around the sun, its obvious that it comes back to any specific position on its orbit on completion of nearly 12 years. Thus all these planetary configurations repeat every 12th year and, thus, Kumbh Mela also comes after the same interval.


On the Kumbh Mela day Sages and holy sadhus converge from all parts of India. Some of them are nude in the severe cold with dreadlocks. They common Hindu mingles with them and there is some fruitful exchange. 



Some of these sages possessing high expanded consciousness , can do amazing psychokinesis acts-- a profound demonstration of the power of the mind. None of them want fame or money.



Kumbh Mela is a 12-year cycle of festivals. In Jan 2001 it was the final festival of 12 cycles when there was a powerful cosmic alignment  – the conclusion of a vast 144-year cycle, making it “Maha” Kumbh Mela, the “Great” Festival. Even the planets and stars joined in, providing heavenly alignments not seen for 144 years. 



An estimated seventy million people came from all over the world, each one praying for peace and rebirth for oneself and for the Planet. This nexus of cosmic energy converges every 144 years, bringing dramatic changes in the destiny of humanity..On one peak day an expected 20 million pilgrims will bathe in the sacred Mother Ganga to cleanse their souls. 



All are welcome no matter what caste, creed, race, religion. Mind boggling and spell-binding-- the preparations to create 15 floating bridges across the rivers, training some 18,000 traffic police, 820 anti-terrorist experts, 10 bomb disposal units, 7,000 street cleaners , 12 new hospitals-

Now I will expound the Vedic science . 

I will leave it unedited so that it reaches who ever deserves to have this type of profound knowledge.

Shiva's cosmic dance , or the continuous flow of energy in and out of the quantum screen, is a perfect tango of dynamic balance, representing Vaastu--the Universal laws for stability and harmony..If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost, the universe will spiral out of control and end.



Energy cannot be created or destroyed--it just transforms from one to another smoothly, based on the trident of Shiva -- opposite forces with a middle prong mediator. This is present in every single phenomenon on the planet . 



Lessening of one force always increases the other in a smooth manner. They are dependant on each other and one cannot exist without the other. No phenomenon in this cosmos is devoid of its opposite. They consume , yet support each other.



When one gets consumed, whatever is deficient gets replenished. Balance can never be permanent and life flows on.



Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles.. Together they express the great void at absolute peace with itself. 



To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field.

The amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. 

Soma is a divine LSD-- rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. In the Mahabarata, Sanjaya gives a blow by blow account of the war to blind king Dhritarashtra, sitting thousands of miles away.

The psychedelic journeys are accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland.


Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature.

The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep, while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) .


Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. 


Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT, etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) .


This is a result of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit.


Dimethyltryptamine, a psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold.


There is a lot we knew 10000 years ago , but has been lost to this this 21st century-- right? You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths.


Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible. 
Consciousness is about being self aware through observation ( double slit experiment ) and inner experience. While Newton tries to explain the invisible through the visible. There is no room for consciousness or morphogenetic fields in the dictionary of Darwin.
At the time of death Seratonin and Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16, just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. 

When you consume Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. You can get 5-MeO-DMT (5-methoxy-N,N-dimethyltryptamine) in the black market, which is just a weak Soma, less than a million of the power. Still you can talk to banyan trees.



DMT concentrates in the human cerebrospinal fluid on a 24 hour cycle and it reaches its peak between 3 and 4 am in most people and that's when deep REM sleep is happening -- when your brain exchanged information with the akashik records or ether of the cosmos.




 


The below video shows what a duplicate and extremely weak drug compared to Soma of Rig Veda can do.

 

To a classical Western mind , a bullshit story like Samudra Manthan with  mountain Meru , a 5 headed Cobra doing a yin-yang movement , and a giant tortoise who has retracted his head , may sound ridiculous.



Tee Hee , just see the stupid Indian Hindus , ---

-- they cant get over their snakes and charmers. When the British brought the steam engine to Mumbai it seems all Indians thought it was the devil, and they had it splashed in their newspaper editorials --when our 6000 year old Sanskrit texts talk of Vimana aeroplanes and Scalar missile astras -- far evolved from Nuclear bombs.





To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTAHN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years from the time of Adi Shankaracharya. This single act of cosmic consciousness is saving this planet-- but who is to undertand all this?




In the Bhagawat Gita (Chapter 10, Verse 28), in the middle of the battlefield Kurukshetra, in 4000 BC, Vishnu avatar , Lord Krishna tries to lift Prince Arjuna from depression. He takes on his huge multi-armed form , explains his omnipresence by proclaiming, "Of weapons I am the thunderbolt; among cows I am the surabhi. Of causes for procreation I am Kamdeva, the god of love, and of serpents I am Vasuki."

 


A book of wisdom like Bhagawat Gita , talks about Vasuki, the snake. 

Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other.

Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness.



Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. Allof us except Indigo Children like Nikola Tesla and Srinivasa Ramanujan have of us have shrivelled and calified pineal glands with 96% junk DNA.  



12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use.



The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye.



Then you have the most beautiful experiences with the holographic cosmos, with fractal colours and geometry-- where forms and formlessness dance alternatively from the quantum screen. You literally see god's thumbprint.



This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness.

 


The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2 strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil
*******************************************************************************
LUDOVICO EINAUDI DIVENIRE , THE JOY OF MUSIC - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


In the video below my son plays, elegant therapeutic music in the famous "minimalist style" of the non-conformist 56 year old , Italian composer and pianist Einaudi. 

Einaudi is a genius and I call him the KING of piano. 

But hardly anybody knows him . 

We like to boost pretenders like Lady Gaga , over Abba --right? 

His transcendent style is TRANQUIL and meditative and can be used to back up information from your conscious to the sub conscious ( LH lobe to RH lobe-- for righthanders ) the day you dont get REM sleep. 

MUSIC FOR THE SOUL FROM THE SOUL.





I remember sending my son to play piano at the age of 5.



Today he is 24, and works as a computer engineer .

My wife was to learn guitar and mouth organ , and my son would learn piano from a local music teacher.

My wife learnt one full Hindi song, the first day.

My son was to learn "happy birthday " -- 

-- but when I told him to play he could do only 3 tones- 

HA -PPY- BHE-

-- and because I ridiculed him , he lost interest quickly.  

-- and I told my wife  " He does NOT have the musical gene in him" 

See how times change!

Here is the maestro LIVE at the Royal Albert Hall, London on 2nd March 2010.
*******************************************************************************
THE FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This post cannot be reproduced by my readers without my express permission.

This post is bound to shock all my readers off their pants. 

Many hard core atheists will start believing in God. 

You never thought Vimanas or spaceships were possible from a land by the name of India. The British who ruled us till 1947, called  us "pagan coolies " . The Portuguese put a secret Goa inquisition torturing killing 20000 Hindus (instigated by Saint Francis Xavier) for worshipping the black satan idol.

Put your seat belts on!

Ready?

In 3900 BC, Imhotep , an Indian Maharishi ( we call him God Ayyappa in Kerala ) landed in Cairo, on summons by the Pharoah.

He was known as the "man who came in peace".  

But he left as a God of Egypt, more important for the people of Egypt than the Pharoah himself. 

He was a mentor, master architect, a master healer, a master mathematician  --there was nothing this man was not capable of.

Imhotep whose symbol was the Swastika , had the U Vaishnavite marks on him.

He then left Giza Cairo on his Vimana or flying saucer, and went to  the Nazca desert plateau or Peru, the Ankor Wat in Cambodia,  Easter Island  , the SE corner (Stonehenge area) of Alaska and an island of Shiva (currently sunk ) in the south Pacific and the Mohenjodaro are of the Vedic Saraswati civilization. These are the MOST ANCIENT and holy areas on this planet.

What is so special about these 6 existing spots on this planet?  

They are OM , AUM quantum tunneling, wormhole spots for cosmic consciousness.

Today we see the amazing --

1) Sphinx at Giza Egypt ( with Narashimha half lion ) and the Sri Yantra based Pyramids.

2) The unbelievable Nazca desert Shiva Lingam trishul ( trident )--the largest 300 metre long , and most impressive petroglyph.

3) The 11000 year old Mohenjodaro city complex ( Indus valley ) which is still radioactive

4) The amazing Hindu temple complex of Ankor Wat of the Meru shape.

5) The Vedic mandala Stonehenge at the SE corner national park of Alaska.

6) The gigantic stone statues of Easter Island, with insciptions of same Rongorongo script found at Mohenjodaro. 

Below Easter Island script


Above Mohenjodaro tablet is PASHUPATI another name of Lord Shiva ( Rig Veda 5000 BC ).

The druids who built the English Stonehenge also worshiped Lord Shiva

Below Lord Shiva 


Below God CERNUNNOS the Lord Shiva ( with cobra ) of the Druids ( of Harry Potter fame )  or Dryuhus who migrated from Indian Saraswati civilization 4000 BC. This god is holding a cobra which does NOT exist in that neck of the woods, right?




The sunk Shiva island in South Pacific opposite to Giza pyramids and West of Easter Islands, was a civilization built by Maya Danava, who is also responsible for the Mayan civilisation. Maya Danava who wrote the Surya Siddhanta was the Master architect of the palace at Indraprasta , and the triple cities of Tripura ( Atlantis ) and the Lanka palace. Maya , (descendant of Maharishi Kashtyapa ), who ran away to Patala ( Peru ) is also the creator of the Mayan calendar.









Distance from Ankor Wat to Giza pyramids is 4754 miles. This multiplied by the Vedic Golden ratio of 1.618 gives 7692 miles which is the distance from Giza to Nazca . Now 7692 miles multiplied by the golden ratio again gives 12446, which is the distance from Nazca to Ankor Wat.

The spherical triangle between Alaska at the apex, Giza and Nazca gives the Sri Yantra angle of 51 degrees 49 minutes 38.25 seconds , which is the same as the Egyptian pyramid, and also the Vedic Sri Yantra.












Below the 8000 year old Sri Yantra mandala , divine fractal geometry , which contains the Theory of everything TOE and the Bindu Singularity--or the BIG BANG.




Below the Golden mean 1.618 of the Sri Yantra mandala.  

Fibonacci stole his patented series , from Matra Meru written by Pingala in 500 BC-- he ran away to Italy with a Arabic translation from Bejaya,  Algeria.  

Fibonacci series or sequence : 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233, 377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, ... (each number is the sum of the previous two). The ratio of successive pairs is so-called golden section - 1.618033989 . . 

 





 

Below the golden spiral of the Sri Yantra




Below Egyptian pyramids



Below Nazca ( Mayan Peru ) Shiva's trident ( Tamas- Satva -Rajas ) -- which can be appreciated only from the sky -- used as Vimana landing lights.--the largest of them all.   Ramayana’s Kishkinda Kanda describes the Trident of Nazca Peru  .




Below one of the hundreds of Easter Island statues.



Below Angkor Wat ( Meru ) Hindu temple complex




Below Mohenjodaro ruins



Below Alaska Stonehenge mandala 



Did anybody say Imhotep was NOT from India -- and no dang Vimana landed at Giza?

Check out yourself--





 

Punch into Google search-


MAYA , INCA , AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED VADAKAYIL


I will be posting separately on an Indian,  Shivkur Bapuji Talpade , who was denied the FIRST Nobel prize for the Mercury imploding and expanding vortex flying saucer Vimana , 8 years before Wright Brothers-- 

RACISM, what else?. 

His technology was stolen by the East India Company owners German Jews Rothschild , after his wife's mysterious death.

Meanwhile you can get an introduction by punching into Google search--

VIMANA VADAKAYIL

IMHOTEP VADAKAYIL
 
 

If the HAARP system of Alaska was a little more towards south, we would have seen many more such resonating mysteries .





On April 4, 1944 at 4:40 a.m. the German submarine U-859 left on a mysterious mission carrying 67 men and 33 tons of mercury sealed in glass bottles in watertight tin crates. The sub was sunk by a British submarine and most of the crew died. One survivor on his death bed about 30 years later told about the expensive cargo and some Naval divers checked out his story and found all the mercury. This was the mercury destined for a secret base in Antartica , near a warm water geo-thermal pond, where a VIMANA construction factory was situated .

Indian INA leader Subhash Chandra Bose was aware of this UFO programme and he had helped Hitler with Sanskrit translations , by using Bengali Sanskrit Pandits. 

Rudolf Hess NO 2 of Hitler, was incarcerated by Eisenhower and Churchill-- as they knew that Hess knew everything about the Antartica Vimana contruction base.  Hess , a true son of Germany-- refused to reveal theUFO programme  secrets despite severe torture and baits of being a free man..

 

















This below was when the Alllies caught a German submarine after the war, with enormous amount of food and cigarettes on the way to Antartica.



Vedic Vimanas or flying saucers used mercury vortex ion engines. The ion engine was first demonstrated by German-born NASA scientist Ernst Stuhlinger.  The Vedic texts were taken to Germany by Hermann Gundert.

The use of ion propulsion systems were first demonstrated in space by the NASA Lewis “ Space Electric Rocket Test SERT.. These thrusters used mercury as the reaction mass. The first was SERT 1, launched July 20, 1964, successfully proved that the technology operated as predicted in space. The second test, SERT-II, launched on February 3, 1970, verified the operation of two mercury ion engines for thousands of running hours.



The kings chamber coffin , of the Giza pyramid  is NOT a coffin . It used to contain mercury, exported from India . The apex of the Giza pyramids used to give a blue glow which could be seen thousands of miles.

 Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the Indian Sri Yantra based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 8000 BC --see video below.
 

Check out the Indian Vimanas or flying saucers of 7000 BC.


 


The ancient Mayan had seen Indian Vimanas and recorded it on stone.








A German linguist Kurt Schildmann, a native of Heiderhof, says his study of ancient inscriptions discovered in the caves of Peru and the United States shows that they are similar to ancient Indus Valley Sanskrit, suggesting that Indians in Vimanas reached the Americas thousands of years ago.  He describes the Indus civilization as a forerunner of all other world civilizations. While doing "epigraphic research" on the Crespi collection of Cuenca, Peru, Schildmann discovered Sanskrit in inscriptions found in Peru and in the Burrows cave in southern Illinois.  

He also deciphered an icon found in the Burrows' cave, on which he said many details depicted the "wisdom of the Indus culture".  Schildmann was struck by the drawing of an elephant on top of a "Pyramid", with three lines of a legend.  He deciphered the legend as "PIL", that was 6000 years old ancient Sanskrit word for an elephant.  He concluded, the ancient Indian engraved texts on gold plates and hid them to honor the gods and address the succeeding generations.   Elephants are not found in Peru and USA.   In 1821 a man  Joseph Smith found these plates , considered himself the chosen one and founded the Mormon religion..



Before 7000BC , India ruled the whole world.  

After 7000 BC, India ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam.

Regarding the Stonehenge at Alaska –

The Rig Veda of 5000 BC, has written down clearly about CIRCUMPOLAR heavenly bodies. . There is a verse that describes the polar dawn as “many were the days between the first beam of light and sunrise”.  

There are verses which state that stars were not seen to rise or set but revolve around the pole completing one revolution in 24 hours—which can happen only in very high latitudes.  

The verses describe the heaven as a wheel which is supported on an axis.




Another hymn which is presented below mentions that the Sun unyoked his chariot in the middle of the heaven and stood still.

Vi sûryo madhye amuchad ratham divo
vidad dâsâya pratimânam âryah |
Dridhâni Pipror asurasya mâyinah
Indro vyâsyach chakrivâm Rijishvanâ ||



In 1992 by the side of Narada ( named after Narada Maharishi )  on the eastern side of the Ural mountains, the found unusual, mostly spiral-shaped objects.  The size of these things ranges from a maximum of 3 cm down to an incredible 0.003 mm.





Thousands of these Vimana parts have been found at the Arkaim Stonehenge and also several other river bank sites . The 20000 year old spiral-form objects are composed of various metals: the larger ones are of copper, while the small and very small ones are of the rare metals tungsten and molybdenum.

Punch into Google search-
STONEHENGE OF ARKAIM RUSSIA VADAKAYIL
*******************************************************************************
TEAM ANNA ATTACK ON STATE FROM TOP AND NAXALITES FROM BOTTOM - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
I GIVE A SH#T FOR TEAM ANNA---ANNA HAZARE , YOUR EGO IS SHOWIN' -- THE GRUESOME FOURSOME OF TEAM ANNA--ANGELS WHO FLY TOO LOW-- THE SELF PROCLAIMED MESSIAHS OF INDIA


In the past month, I have made an observation.  Our pseudo Gandhi Anna Hazare has a KING SIZED EGO. He is NOT some graceful Sri Sri Ravishankar.  He needs a ego massage daily. We all know how big the egoes of Keriwal, Kiran Bedi, and senior Bhushan is. 

Younger Bhushan ever since the K word, is an "also ran" langDa ghoda -- just tagging along-- avoiding hostile gazes of the patriotic Indian.



In the video below, Arundhati Roy makes good sense-- for the first time . This means she is NOT pea brained .



Pseudo Gandhian Anna Hazare and his team are hell bent on getting Jan Lokpal bill passed where foreign funded NGOs will not come under the scanner. 

But the Prime minister Manmohan Singh , Defence Minister Antony, or Chief Justice will be spied on and what to do with them will be decided by foreign forces. . Are the unelected Bhushans, Kejriwals, Kiran Bedi's better than them?

After 800 years of slavery, we Indians have become free. 

If we dance to the tune of Team Anna we will NOT be free any more. 

 
The Magsaysay awards given to Kiran Bedi , Kejriwal, Sisodia are from the Rothschild foundation ? ( Ford foundation , Rockfeller foundation, US Federal reserve , IMF and World Bank are just part of it ). Rothschild was the owner of British East India Company, who made us slaves.
Kejriwal received Foreign funds when he was in the service of the Government of India--breaking the law . Why is this man unpunished?
Most of Indian TV channels who give news are funded by Rothschild. This is why at prime times we get to see the same moth eaten and low IQ faces.  Lord Meghnath Desai, Colin Gonsalves , and thrice divorced Alyque Padamsee types lecturing us .  

When Peter Roebuck ( I knew that he was a homosexual and boy stalker 6 years ago ) was lying splattered on the road down below, and he was being scrapped off the gravel--  all these foreign funded TV channels reported that he was found dead inside his hotel room-- so much for being objective. 

But Anand Jon must get 59 years.
Recently President Bush came of a flying visit to India. He was here to do propaganda so that insurance of the common Indian can be done by foreign forces --of course they will give you a better deal than LIC initially.
None of these foreign funded NGOs are interested in India's prosperity. Kiran Bedi, Kejriwal all have NGOs supported by Rothschild.
A Christian missionary funded NGO is responsible for Koodamkulam nuclear plant rabble rousing, even after respected President Abdul Kalam , gave a clean chit. We Indians are second to none in the nuclear field. Though our first rocket at Thumba was taken on a bicycle. Is our national security of no concern?
We should never compare low IQ ex-army truck driver to Mahatma Gandhi, just because he wears a Gandhi topi and can fast in front of the screen. Anna Hazare does NOT know real politic--he cannot even think straight. He cannot answer a single question on Jan Lokpal bill despite being coached by Kejriwal.
The Naxalite movement in India is funded by NGOs--all in the garb of human rights and environmentalists. There are Trojan horses -nay-sleeper cells.  When  foreign funded TV channels sent a plea " All those who support the Anna movement please send SMS "-- now they have the mobile telephone numbers of their warriors too, who can be activated by a mass SMS to come on the street and do rabble rousing.
Mighty USSR despite their iron clad KGB security , came crashing down the same way by Glasnost and Perestroika by newly mushroomed NGOs.
Same way the red corridor extends 35% of India. We all know the role of foreign forces who arm drop weapons by air.
You find the foreign funded NGO missionaries driving a wedge between Hindus and Muslims and Christians daily, for minor matters. India has 1300 million people. Even in a closely knit house like Big Boss 5 see the fights daily. This is Indian emotions-- we are NOT cold and calculating. We explode and calm down and repent. Teetsa Setalvad is a permanent fixture to make sores deep on foreign funded TV channels.
So far Anna Hazare and his NGO team has NOT been transparent about their foreign funds. But these conscience keepers of the nation want everybody else to be transparent.
The moment an Indian is given a Magsaysay award for human rights--it is time to smell a rat. Remember Gandhiji was NOT given a Nobel prize. Israeli and American presidents are winners.
Any moron can see how media savvy, brand equity savvy and event organiser savvy all Team Anna activities are.  Original Gandhiji never needed such props.
Super Ayattolah Anna Hazare once he ensconces himself will be hard to shake off. His holy crusade warriors will have a field day. They are all unelected and we encourage a fascist body to control a popularly elected democracy.
When Burma had a cyclone, Western governments made a condition. If we give you aid, then you must allow our NGOs to distribute aid. The Myanmar government told then to FO--sorry no foreign tentacles , in our land-- we have seen enough of you .  The government would have stolen the aid and eaten 6 meals a day and slept under 3 blankets, right?
Every foreign funded NGO ia a TROJAN HORSE. Their warriors will give false evidence in courts. They will do rabble rousing and make mountains out of mole hills. In the recent past every popular uprising was triggered by foreign funded NGOs or TROJAN HORSE warriors.
Total power corrupts. Even if Anna is a honest man-- he is just a front for the likes of Bhushans and Kejriwals. Kiran Bedi is long known for playing to the gallery. This woman loves publicity.
The right to recall is nothing but an arm twisting mechanism of elected important portfolio ministers. " Shut down this nuclear plant , or buy the fighter jet from this country --or else--!"
Anna Hazare will wear swadeshi clothes-- then why is he not asking his team to shun foreign funds?  Will not Indian people contribute for a just cause, however poor he is ? Is the common Indian not large hearted?

Team Anna has told WHITE LIES when they said on all TV channels that 99.9% of people in Rai Bareili and 99% of people in Amethi said that they will NOT vote for Sonia and Rahul, if Jan Lokpal bill is NOT passed in winter session-- as per a referendum .  

We all know how many of Mahatma Gandhi's fasts were Nero's circuses like that of Anna Hazare , with free video footage on national TV,  free T shirts,  free food,  free entertainment by nautankiwallas--

The fledgling baby's first steps are 

mired in lies and deceit.





Burn all 'em Trojan horses!




All genuine criticism of Zionism is automatically branded and disqualified as "Anti-Semitism", "Discrimination". All public debate on the political abuse and misuse of "The Holocaust" is branded as "Revisionist Denial", "Antisemitism", "Hate Mongering", etc... This is all tantamount to Intellectual Terrorism.



  


HERE IS SOMETHING ABOUT THE WILY SENIOR BHUSHAN— WHO WANTED INCOME TAX REBATE BECAUSE HIS HEART WAS A PLANT ( SIC!)
 
The Delhi High Court has rejected the claim of Senior Advocate Shanti Bhushan that his heart is a ‘Plant’. The Delhi High Court emotionally said “No two individuals deal with matters of heart similarly; often confounded, as to how to deal with it – which is why a famous lyricists expounds on this very peculiar quandary thus: DIL-E-NADAN TUJHE HUA KYA HAI AKHIR ESS DARD KE DAWA KYA HAI. (Here heart is personified. It is asked of it what ails it? What is the remedy for the malady).”
 
The events leading to the case are as follows. In the assessment year 1983-84, Shanti Bhushan had filed an income tax return declaring a total income of Rs 2,15,520/-. This return was later revised and in that, he had claimed as expense a sum of Rs. 1,74,000/- incurred by him on coronary surgery performed on him in Houston, USA.
 
Mr. Bhushan claimed waiver under Section 31 of the Income Tax Act (IT Act) which, inter-alia permits deduction of expenditure incurred on current repairs of plant. His stand was that a human heart is in the nature of a ‘plant’ and therefore the expenditure incurred by him on the coronary surgery was akin to expenses incurred on current repairs of a plant.
 
The Assessing Officer rejected the claim under Section 31 and Section 37 of the I.T. Act. An appeal was filed before the Commissioner of Income Tax (CIT) against the order of the Assessing Officer. The CIT upheld the order of the Assessing Officer. Aggrieved by this, further appeal was filed before the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT) by Shanthi Bhushan.
 
The Tribunal also rejected the claim under Section 31 relying on the test laid down by the Gujarat High Court in the case of CIT vs. Elecon Engineering Co. Ltd. (1974) 96 ITR 672 (Guj.). It said “for the expenses incurred on the repair of the plant to be allowed, the assessee would have to demonstrably show that the plant was used as a “tool” with which he carried out his business or professional activity.” The Tribunal came to the conclusion that the assessee could not have demonstrated that heart was used as a “tool of his trade” since the heart was even otherwise an organ, essential for normal and healthy functioning of a human body, and not necessarily for a professional, such as a lawyer.
 
An appeal was filed before the Delhi High Court, which was also rejected. The court held that “Firstly if the heart of a human being, as in the case of the assessee, were to be considered a plant, it would necessarily mean that it is an asset which should have found a mention in the assessee’s balance sheet of the previous year in issue, as also, in the earlier years. Apart from the fact that this is admittedly not so, the difficulty that the assessee would face in showing the same in his books of accounts would be of arriving at the cost of acquisition of such an asset. Therefore, in our view before expenses on repair of plant are admitted as a deduction, the plant would necessarily have to be reflected as an asset in the books of accounts. The second ground on which, we are persuaded by the counsel for the revenue not to accept the assessee’s claim is that, even if one were to give the widest meaning to the word ‘plant’ under Section 31 of the IT Act, human heart would still not fall within the definition of the word plant.”
 
The Delhi High Court observed that “the question raised is the product of experience, deftness and obvious artfulness of the petitioner who is a seasoned, experienced and an eminent Advocate of the country.” We will have to wait and watch if Shanthi Bhushan will prefer an appeal to the Apex Court against the Delhi HC’s order.
 
Mr. Bhushan WITH HIS LYING HEART OF PLANT is now part of Anna Hazare’s gruesome foursome team. This man is worth hundreds of crores--just see his mindset to save peanuts as IT refund. 

How come crores of poor Indians who had heart attacks , never had this bizarre brainwave? Are we to trust this diabolical man -- has Amar Singh not given enough warning?



Do NOT disturb Anna Hazare-- he and his gruesome foursome team is now busy collecting crores of CHANDA DONATIONS and laundering it in their NGOs. Kerjriwal being ex-IRS knows how to do it.



Anna Hazare the truck driver, is no Mahatma . We trust Manmohan Singh , NOT this old ignorant man who plays to the gallery, and cannot utter a SINGLE INTELLIGENT sentence..



There are several ministers (like Defence minister Antony), who are very clean and efficient. Imagine "nautankiwalli" Kiran Bedi being our Defence minister-- who has come up in life by being herself--playing to the gallery !!



In the video below , see the face of a 74 year old out of shape man, who has fasted for 13 days. Now imagine Usian Bolt in his place-- he would NOT be able to sit up.
*******************************************************************************
MAHABHARATA AND BHAGAWAT GITA 4000 BC-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


MAHABHARATA- THE GREATEST STORY EVER TOLD --    AND THE GREATEST STORY THAT WILL EVER BE TOLD --ON  PLANET EARTH


"The graphical passages in the Mahabharata, for beauty of description, cannot be surpassed by anything in Homer’s epics.... Mahabharata rise far above the Homeric poems also in the fact that a deep religious meaning appears to underlie all the narrative, and that the wildest allegory may be intended to conceal a sublime moral, symbolizing the conflict between good and evil, teaching the hopelessness of victory in so terrible a contest with purity of soul, self-abnegation and the subjugation of the passions."--Sir Monier Williams

The Mahabharata describes the ideal polity and culture and religion and may be called the Epic of Society and State. It describes the victory of righteousness. There is scarcely a single human situation that it leaves untouched, and it covered most contingencies that mankind could experience till about a few hundred years ago. The Mahabharata is so intensely human, that it still has a special resonance in the hearts of whoever has read it. It is a text that one grows with, revealing deeper meanings as one's life unfolds, and a superlative guide to humans trying to work out their entelechy. Its grip on the human mind and consciousness will never ever diminish. 

The Mahabharata is also a treasure house of information on ancient India , 6000 year ago - it has history, statecraft, religion and mythology all woven into a amazingly rich and glorious fabric.
IT MUST BE NOTED , MAHABHARATA WAR HAPPENED 6000 YEARS AGO, WHEN THE WHOLE WORLD WAS DOING GRUNT GRUNT FOR LANGUAGE AND LIVING IN CAVES,  WEARING ANIMAL SKINS -- 




CHECK OUT THE LOFTY MORAL PHILOSOPHY.

THE STORY WAS WRITTEN BY SAGE VYASA.

THE KURUKSHETRA BATTLE WAS A BATTLE WITH FIGHTER FLYING SAUCERS AND SCALAR INTERFEROMETRY SEEK AND DESTROY MISSILES TRIGGERED BY PERSONAL SOUND MANTRA PASSWORDS.



When Indians go to court they swear on the Bhagawat Gita , like how Christians do on Bible and Muslims do on Koran which is a very small episode of the Mahabharata story.



The Mahabharata story is full of intrigue and has maximum characters in any written story ever. This war happened in 4000 BC, just before the oldest Saraswati Vedic civilization 9500 BC ( Indian Aryan ) disintegrated due to tectonic shifts and drying up of the perennial Saraswati river.

A SAMPLE OF SANSKRIT VERSES OF MAHABHARATA WHICH HAPPENED IN 4000 BC --THERE ARE 210 000 OF THEM

-- YES --

TWO HUNDRED AND TEN THOUSAND VERSES-- OR MORE THAN 1.86 MILLION WORDS- - CAN NEVER EVER BE MATCHED

SANSKRIT SAMPLE



Almost all Quantum Physics pioneers knew the Bhagawat Gita

The Mahabharata is  unique in many ways - unique for the deepest philosophic truths, for the wide range of human life covered by the ethics and for the high spiritual stimulus provided in this epic. It is sometimes called the fifth Veda. The Mahabharata though not technically a revelation, is more than a revelation in the nature of its contents. For one thing it contains the greatest spiritual treasure ever known to the world, the Bhagavad Gita, which may be rightly called the scripture of the world. This alone will suffice to make the epic the greatest work of the world.
On the surface it is just another story of a war between two rival sections of a dynasty, but its much more than that. It is the story of evolution of all life, it is a treatise on cosmogony, a code of universal ethics; it is also a history of the human race in its most general sense. All life is rooted in the One Life; the Devas, Rishis, men, beasts, flowers, rocks, why, everything in this manifested universe are all evolved in that One Life. There is a Great Plan in the mind of God (Ishwara Sankalpa) and everything that was, that is and that shall be, happens in accordance with that plan. Human free will is part of that Plan.
The Mahabharata is the story of the war for the throne between the virtuous Pandavas and their wicked cousins, the Kauravas. Symbolic of the struggle between the Good and the Evil, it recounts the inexorable rivalry between the two branches of the descendants of Bharata. A terrible war took place, in which kings from all over India and neighboring countries participated, opposing the one hundred Kauravas and their cruel chiefs to the five Pandava brothers, allies of Lord Krishna. For 18 days the battle raged with such violence that the heavens seemed to have disappeared behind a veil of flying arrows. The dead accumulated, the Kaurava leaders perished one after another. Thus the five brothers completed their earthly mission; only Yuddhisthira ascended the heaven alive but all others went there after death. An epic with a sad melancholy ending but softened by the Hindu notion of destiny.
The Mahabharata,  the great fountain-head of Hinduism, is an account of its beliefs. It is, above all, a verse-chronicle of Krishna, the real hero of the epic, an incarnation of god Vishnu, whose divine nature reveals itself in magisterial interventions. There are hundreds of episodes which fruitfully soften the horror of the Kurukshetra war, full of charm, interposed as a form of digression; and they are based on high social ethics.
But the most admirable and notable is the Bhagavad Gita (the Song of the Lord). In it Krishna, revealing Himself as Bhagavan (Supreme Lord), destroys Arjuna's fear at the moment of going to the battle-field. He teaches him the importance of being in the moment, the philosophy of action without attachment, leading to deliverance, by the way of Bhakti, the way of ardent love, of union with the Blessed One, "participation with Him even in life"!
The Mahabharata has been described as "the longest exposition on Dharma to ever be written." The Mahabharata reflects the dynamic culture of India. It is a veritable encyclopedia and it carries this verse about its own scope. It is said that what is found here may be found elsewhere but what is not found here cannot be found elsewhere. The poetic, imaginative and questing spirit, the deeper thoughts and emotions, not easy sentiments, find expression in this great epic--all in exact digitally accurate verses. 
INTRODUCTION OF BHAGAWAT GITA



"For the protection of the good and the destruction of the wicked...I am born in every age."
- Bhagavad Gita IV. 8
The immortal Bhagavad Gita is enshrined in the Mahabharata. It is a discourse on Duty and Right Action given by Lord Krishna to Arjuna on the field of battle at Kurukshetra. As an inspiration and guide to humanity in its conduct through modern life, the Bhagavad Gita can never be matched on this planet.
"The marvel of the Bhagavad-Gita is its truly beautiful revelation of life's wisdom which enables philosophy to blossom into religion."  Herman Hesse (1877-1962) German poet and novelist, awarded the Nobel Prize for literature in 1946   



Bhagawat Gita part 1



Bhagawat Gita part 2



Bhagavat Gita part 3



Bhagawat Gita part 4



Bhagawat Gita part 5



Bhagwat Gita part 6



Bhagawat Gita part 7




Bhagawat Gita part 8



Bhagawat Gita part 9



Bhagawat Gita part 10




Bhagwat Gita part 11



Bhagawat Gita part 12




Gita consists of the teaching given to the pupil Arjuna by Lord Shri Krishna on the battlefield of Kurukshetra when the pupil, at the critical moment when the war was about to commence, was in doubt as to whether he was to follow the promptings of his personal affection and reverence for those on the opposite side or follow the dictates of duty.

In unequivocal terms the Lord asks Arjuna to fight the battle irrespective of his personal ties with persons on the other side.

The occasion is utilized by the Lord to explain the whole purpose of Life, the meaning of all the world process and the place of man in the scheme of things. As the colophon at the end of every chapter puts it, the Gita is an Upanishad, it is a philosophical treatise. But it is something more than that. It is a code of conduct for man applicable to varying temperaments, various avocations and various levels of development. It is this aspect that makes for the unique place which the Gita has among the scriptures of the world.

 The most important contribution of the Gita to the religious thought of India is the emphasis the Lord lays on action (karma) in Sanskrit. The attitude of escapism is severely condemned by the Lord. He says, "Nor can anyone, even for an instant, remain really action-less." What binds a man is not action but his attachment to the fruit of the action. And so the lord repeatedly enjoins activity without attachment to the fruit.

The Lord stresses throughout the central idea of all Indian philosophies, the Imminence of God and the interdependence of man - not only man, but of all beings. "The Lord dwelleth in the heart of all beings." 'Having pervaded this whole universe with one fragment of Myself, I remain." Everything in the universe partakes of one life; the wise man realizes that the outer differences are deceptive and illusionary, he looks beyond the veil and sees the common basis of all beings.

 In the Bhagavad Gita, Lord Krishna describes the rhythmic play of creation in the following words:
"At the end of the night of time all things return to my nature, and when the new day of time begins I bring them again into light.Thus through my nature I bring forth all creation and this rolls around in the circles of time."

"But I am not bound by this vast work of creation. I am and I watch the drama of works.
I watch and in its work of creation nature brings forth all that moves and moves not; and thus the revolutions of the world go round."
 
     






Aldous Huxley (1894-1963) the English novelist and essayist wrote: "The Bhagavad-Gita is the most systematic statement of spiritual evolution of endowing value to mankind. The Gita is one of the clearest and most comprehensive summaries of the spiritual thoughts ever to have been made."







Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862), American Philosopher, Unitarian, social critic, transcendentalist and writer: "In the morning I bathe my intellect in the stupendous and cosmogonal philosophy of the Bhagavad Gita in comparison with which our modern world and its literature seems puny."


Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) author, essayist, lecturer, philosopher, Unitarian minister said this about the Gita: "I owed a magnificent day to the Bhagavad-Gita. It was as if an empire spoke to us, nothing small or unworthy, but large, serene, consistent, the voice of an old intelligence which in another age and climate had pondered and thus disposed of the same questions which exercise us."

MAHABHARATA STORY EPIC part 1




MAHABHARATA STORY EPIC part 2





MAHABHARATA STORY EPIC part 3








Rules of engagement

The two supreme commanders met and framed “rules of ethical conduct”, dharmayuddha, for the war. The rules included:

·         Fighting must begin no earlier than sunrise and end exactly at sunset.
·         Multiple warriors may not attack a single warrior.
·         Two warriors may “duel”, or engage in prolonged personal combat, only if they carry the same weapons and they are on the same mount (no mount, a horse, an elephant, or a chariot).
·         No warrior may kill or injure a warrior who has surrendered.
·         One who surrenders becomes a prisoner of war and will then be subject to the protections of a prisoner of war.
·         No warrior may kill or injure an unarmed warrior.
·         No warrior may kill or injure an unconscious warrior.
·         No warrior may kill or injure a person or animal not taking part in the war.
·         No warrior may kill or injure a warrior whose back is turned away.
·         No warrior may attack a woman.
·         No warrior may strike an animal not considered a direct threat.
·         The rules specific to each weapon must be followed. For example, it is prohibited to strike below the waist in mace warfare.
·         Warriors may not engage in any “unfair” warfare.


THE WAR STARTS--


ALL was ready for the battle. The warriors on both sides gathered together and solemnly bound themselves to honor the traditional rules of war.

The code of conduct in war and methods of warfare vary from time to time. It is only if what was in vogue at the time of the Mahabharata war is kept in mind that we can understand the epic. Otherwise, the story would be puzzling in places.

From what follows, the reader may have some idea of the rules of warfare followed in the Kurukshetra battle. Each day, the battle was over at sunset, and the hostiles mixed freely like friends.

Single combats might only be between equals and one could not use methods not in accordance with dharma. Thus those who left the field or retired would not be attacked. A horseman could attack only a horseman, not one on foot.

Likewise, charioteers, elephant troops and infantrymen could engage themselves in battle only with their opposite numbers in the enemy ranks.

Those who sought quarter or surrendered were safe from slaughter. Nor might one, for the moment disengaged, direct his weapons against another who was engaged in combat.

It was wrong to slay one who had been disarmed or whose attention was directed elsewhere or who was retreating or who had lost his armor. And no shafts were to be directed against non-combatant attendants or those engaged in blowing conchs or beating drums.


These were the rules that the Kauravas and the Pandavas solemnly declared they would follow.

The passage of time has witnessed many changes in men's ideas of right and wrong. Nothing is exempt from attack in modern warfare.

Not only are munitions made the target of attack, but dumb animals such as horses, camels, mules and medical stores, nay, non-combatants of all ages, are destroyed without compunction.

Sometimes the established conventions went overboard even in the Mahabharata war.

We see clearly in the story that occasional transgressions took place for one reason or another. But, on the whole, the accepted rules of honorable and humane war were observed by both sides in the Kurukshetra battle. And the occasional violations were looked upon as wrong and shameful.

Addressing the princes under his command, Bhishma said: "Heroes, yours is a glorious opportunity. Before you, are the gates of heaven wide open. The joy of living with Indra and Brahma awaits you. Pursue the path of your ancestors and follow the kshatriya dharma. Fight with joy and attain fame and greatness. A kshatriya does not wish to die of disease or old age in his bed but prefers to die on the battlefield," and the princes responded by ordering their trumpets to be sounded and shouted victory to the Kauravas.


On Bhishma's flag shone brightly the palm tree and five stars. On Aswatthama's the lion tail fluttered in the air.

In Drona's golden-hued standard, the ascetic's bowl and the bow glistened, and the cobra of Duryodhana's famed banner danced proudly with outspread hood.

On Kripa's flag was depicted a bull, while Jayadratha's carried a wild boar. Likewise others and the battlefield thus presented a pageant of flags.

Seeing the Kaurava forces ranged in battle array, Yudhishthira gave orders to Arjuna:


"The enemy force is very large. Our army being smaller, our tactics should be concentration rather than deployment that will only weaken us. Array our forces, therefore, in needle formation."

Now, when Arjuna saw men arrayed on both sides for mutual slaughter, he was deeply agitated and Krishna spoke to him in order to quell his agitation and remove his doubts.

Krishna's exhortation to Arjuna at this juncture is the Bhagavad Gita, which is enshrined in millions of hearts as the Word of God. The Bhagavad Gita is acknowledged by all as one of the supreme treasures of human literature.

Its gospel of devotion to duty, without attachment or desire of reward, has shown the way of life for all men, rich or poor, learned or ignorant, who have sought for light in the dark problems of life.

EVERYTHING was ready for the battle to begin. At this tense moment, both armies saw with amazement Yudhishthira, the steadfast and brave son of Pandu, suddenly doff his armor and put away his weapons. Descending from his chariot, he proceeded on foot towards the commander of the Kaurava forces.


"What is this that Yudhishthira is doing?" asked everyone and was puzzled by this sudden and silent proceeding on the part of the Pandava.

Dhananjaya too was perplexed and he jumped down from his chariot and ran to Yudhishthira. The other brothers and Krishna also joined.

They feared that perhaps Yudhishthira, surrendering to his natural inclination, had suddenly decided to seek peace on any terms and was going forward to announce this.

"King, why are you proceeding to the enemy's lines in this strange manner? You have told us nothing. The enemy is ready for battle, their soldiers sheathed in armor and with uplifted weapons. But you have doffed your armor and thrown aside your weapons and are proceeding forward, unattended and on foot. Tell us what you are about." Thus said Arjuna to Dharmaputra. But Yudhishthira was immersed in deep thought and proceeded forward silently.


Then Vasudeva, who knew the hearts of men, smiled and said: "He is going to the elders to ask for their benediction before commencing this terrible fight. He feels it is not right to start such a grave proceeding without formally taking such benediction and permission. He goes to the grandsire to take his blessing and that of Dronacharya. So he goes unarmed. It is right that he does this. He knows proprieties. It is only thus that we might fare well in this battle."

The men in Duryodhana's army, when they saw Yudhishthira advancing with hands clasped in humble attitude, thought: "Here is the Pandava coming to sue for peace, frightened at our strength. Truly this man brings disgrace to the race of kshatriyas. Why was this coward born among us?" Thus did they talk among themselves reviling Dharmaputra though delighted at the prospect of securing victory without a blow.

Yudhishthira went through the lines of soldiers armed from head to foot and proceeded straight to where Bhishma was and, bending low and touching his feet in salutation, said:


"Grandsire, permit us to begin the battle. We have dared to give battle to you, our unconquerable and incomparable grandsire. We seek benediction before beginning the fight."

"Child," replied the grandsire, "born in the race of Bharatas, you have acted worthily and according to our code of conduct. It gives me joy to see this. Fight and you will have victory. I am not a free agent. I am bound by my obligation to the king and must fight on the side of the Kauravas. But you will not be defeated."

After thus obtaining the permission and the blessings of the grandsire, Yudhishthira went to Drona and circumambulated and bowed, according to form, to the acharya, who also gave his blessings, saying:

"I am under inescapable obligations to the Kauravas, O son of Dharma. Our vested interests enslave us and become our masters. Thus have I become bound to the Kauravas. I shall fight on their side. But yours will be the victory."

Yudhishthira similarly approached and obtained the blessings of Kripacharya and uncle Salya and returned to the Pandava lines.


The battle began, commencing with single combats between the leading chiefs armed with equal weapons. Bhishma and Partha, Satyaki and Kritavarma, Abhimanyu and Brihatbala, Duryodhana and Bhima, Yudhishthira and Salya, and Dbrishtadyumna and Drona were thus engaged in great battles.

Similarly, thousands of other warriors fought severally according to the rules of war of those days.

Besides these numerous single combats between renowned warriors, there was also indiscriminate fighting among common soldiers. The name of "sankula yuddha" was given to such free fighting and promiscuous carnage. The Kurukshetra battle witnessed many such "sankula" fights wherein countless men fought and died in the mad lust of battle. On the field lay piles of slaughtered soldiers, charioteers, elephants and horses. The ground became a bloody mire in which it was difficult for the chariots to move about. In modern battles there is no such thing as single combats. It is all "sankula."

The Kauravas fought under Bhishma's command for ten days. After him, Drona took the command. When Drona died, Karna succeeded to the command. Karna fell towards the close of the seventeenth day's battle. And Salya led the Kaurava army on the eighteenth and last day.


Towards the latter part of the battle, many savage and unchivalrous deeds were done. Chivalry and rules of war die hard, for there is an innate nobility in human nature. But difficult situations and temptations arise which men are too weak to resist, especially when they are exhausted with fighting and warped with hatred and bloodshed.

Even great men commit wrong and their lapses thereafter furnish bad examples to others, and dharma comes to be disregarded more and more easily and frequently. Thus does violence beget and nourish adharma and plunge the world in wickedness.

DUHSASANA was leading the Kaurava forces and Bhimasena did the same on the Pandava side. The noise of battle rolled and rent the air. The kettledrums, trumpets, horns and conchs made the sky ring with their clamor.
Horses neighed, charging elephants trumpeted and the warriors uttered their lion-roars. Arrows flew in the air like burning meteors. Fathers and sons, uncles and nephews slew one another forgetful of old affection and ties of blood. It was a mad and terrible carnage. In the forenoon of the first day's battle the Pandava army was badly shaken. Wherever Bhishma's chariot went, it was like the dance of the destroyer. Abhimanyu could not bear this and he attacked the grandsire. When the oldest and the youngest warriors thus met in battle, the gods came to watch the combat. Abhimanyu's flag, displaying the golden karnikara tree brightly waved on his chariot. 

Kritavarma was hit by one of his arrows and Salya was hit five times. Bhishma himself was hit nine times by Abhimanyu's shafts. Durmukha's charioteer was struck by one of Abhimanyu's sword-edge arrow and his severed head rolled on the ground.
Another broke Kripa's bow. Abhimanyu's feats brought down showers of flowers from the gods who looked on. Bhishma and the warrior supporting him exclaimed: "Indeed, a worthy son to Dhananjaya!"
Then the Kaurava warriors made a combined attack on the valiant youth. But he stood against them all. He parried with his own all the shafts discharged by Bhishma. 

One of his well-aimed arrows brought the grandsire's palm tree flag down. Seeing this, Bhimasena was overjoyed and made a great lion-roar that further inspired the valiant nephew. Great was the grandsire's joy, seeing the valor of the young hero. Unwillingly, he had to use his full strength against the boy. Virata, his son Uttara, Dhrishtadyumna, the son of Drupada and Bhima came to relieve the young hero and attacked the grandsire who then turned his attentions on them.
Uttara, the son of Virata, rode an elephant and led a fierce charge on Salya. Salya's chariot horses were trampled to death and thereupon he hurled a javelin at Uttara. It went with unerring aim and pierced him in the chest. 

The goad he had in his hand dropped and he rolled down dead. But the elephant did not withdraw. It continued charging until Salya cut off its trunk and hit it in many places with his arrows. And then it uttered a loud cry and fell dead. Salya got into Kritavarma's car.
Virata's son Sveta saw Salya slay his younger brother. His anger rose, like fire fed by libations of butter. And he drove his chariot towards Salya. Seven chariot warriors at once came up in support of Salya and protected him from all sides.
Arrows were showered on Sveta and the missiles sped across like lightning in clouds. Sveta defended himself marvelously. He parried their shafts with his own and cut their javelins down as they sped towards him. The warriors in both armies were amazed at the skill displayed by Sveta. Duryodhana lost no time now and sent forces to relieve Salya. Whereupon there was a great battle. Thousands of soldiers perished, and numerous were the chariots broken and the horses and elephants killed. Sveta succeeded in putting Duryodhana's men to flight and he pushed forward and attacked Bhishma.

Bhishma's flag was brought down by Sveta. Bhishma, in his turn, killed Sveta's horses and charioteer. There upon, they hurled javelins at one another and fought on.
Sveta took a mace, and swinging it, sent it at Bhishma's car which was smashed to pieces. But the grandsire, even before the mace dashed against the chariot, had anticipated it and jumped down. From the ground he pulled the string of his bow to his ear and sent a fatal arrow at Sveta. Sveta was struck and fell dead. Duhsasana blew his horn and danced in joy. This was followed by a great attack on the Pandava army by Bhishma.

The Pandava forces suffered greatly on the first day of the battle. Dharmaputra was seized with apprehension, and Duryodhana's joy was unbounded. The brothers came to Krishna and were engaged in anxious consultations.
"Chief among Bharatas," said Krishna to Yudhishthira, "do not fear. God has blessed you with valiant brothers. Why should you entertain any doubts? There is Satyaki and there are Virata, Drupada and Dhrishtadyumna, besides myself. What reason is there for you to be dejected? Do you forget that Sikhandin is awaiting for his predestined victim Bhishma?" Thus did Krishna comfort Yudhishthira.


65. THE SECOND DAY

THE Pandava army, having fared badly on the first day of the battle, Dhrishtadyumna, the Generalissimo, devised measures to avoid a repetition of it. On the second day, the army was most carefully arrayed and everything was done to instil confidence.

Duryodhana, filled with conceit on account of the success on the first day, stood in the center of his army and addressed his warriors.

"Heroes in armor", he said in a loud voice, "our victory is assured. Fight and care not for life."

The Kaurava army, led by Bhishma, again made strong attack on the Pandava forces and broke their formation, killing large numbers.


Arjuna, turning to Krishna, his charioteer, said: "If we continue in this way, our army will soon be totally destroyed by the grandsire. Unless we slay Bhishma, I am afraid we can not save our army."

"Dhananjaya, then get ready. There is the grandsire's chariot," replied Krishna, and drove straight towards him.

The chariot sped forward at a great pace. The grandsire sent his shafts welcoming the challenge. Duryodhana had ordered his men to protect the grandsire most vigilantly and never to let him expose himself to danger.

Accordingly, all the warriors, supporting the grandsire, at once intervened and attacked Arjuna who, however, fought on unconcerned.

It was well known that there were but three on the Kaurava side who could stand against Arjuna with any chance of success the grandsire Bhishma, Drona and Karna. Arjuna made short work of the warriors, who intervened in support of Bhishma.


The way in which he wielded his great bow on this occasion, extorted the admiration of all the great generals in the army. His chariot flashed hither and thither sundering hostile ranks like forked lightning, so rapidly that the eye ached to follow its career.

Duryodhana's heart beat fast as he watched this combat. His confidence in the great Bhishma began to be shaken.

"Son of Ganga," Duryodhana said, "it seems as if even while you and Drona are alive and fighting, this irresistible combination of Arjuna and Krishna will destroy our entire army. Karna whose devotion and loyalty to me are most genuine stands aside and does not fight for me only because of you. I fear I shall be deceived and you will not take steps quickly to destroy Phalguna (Arjuna)."


The gods came down to watch the combat between Bhishma and Arjuna. These were two of the greatest warriors on earth. Both chariots were drawn by white steeds.

From either side flew arrows in countless number. Shaft met shaft in the air and sometimes the grandsire's missile hit Arjuna's breast and that of Madhava (Krishna). And the blood flowing made Madhava more beautiful than ever as he stood like a green palasa tree in full bloom with crimson flowers.

Arjuna's wrath rose when he saw his dear charioteer hit and he pulled his bow and sent well-aimed arrows at the grandsire. The combatants were equal and the battle raged for a long while.

In the movements the chariots made they were so close to one another and moved about so fast that it was not possible to say where Arjuna was and where Bhishma. Only the flag could be distinguished.


As this great and wonderful scene was enacted in one part of the field, at another place a fierce battle was being fought between Drona and his born enemy Dhrishtadyumna, the son of the king of the Panchalas and brother of Draupadi.

Drona's attack was powerful and Dhrishtadyumna was wounded badly. But the latter retaliated with equal vigor and with a grin of hatred he shot arrows and sped other missiles at Drona.

Drona defended himself with great skill. He parried the sharp missiles and the heavy maces hurled at him with his arrows and broke them to pieces even as they sped in the air.


Many times did Dhrishtadyumna's bow break, hit by Drona's arrows. One of Drona's arrows killed the Panchala prince's charioteer. Thereupon Dhrishtadyumna took up a mace and, jumping down from the chariot, went forward on foot.

Drona sent an arrow that brought the mace down. Dhrishtadyumna then drew his sword and rushed forward like a lion springing on its elephant prey. But Drona again disabled him and prevented his advance.

Just then Bhima, who saw the Panchala's predicament, sent a shower of arrows on Drona and carried Dhrishtadyumna to safety in his chariot.

Duryodhana who saw this sent the Kalinga forces against Bhimasena. Bhima killed the Kalinga warriors in great number. Like Death itself he moved about among his enemies and felled them to the ground. So fierce was the destruction that the entire army trembled in fear.


When Bhishma saw this, he came to relieve the Kalingas. Satyaki, Abhimanyu and other warriors came up in support of Bhima. One of Satyaki's shafts brought Bhishma's charioteer down and the horses of Bhishma's chariot, left uncontrolled, bolted carrying Bhishma away from the field.

The Pandava army was wild with enthusiasm when Bhishma's chariot sped thus out of the field. They took advantage of the situation and made a fierce attack on the Kaurava army.

Great was the loss the Kaurava army suffered in that day's battle as a result of Arjuna's deeds of valor. The generals of the Kaurava army were greatly perturbed and their previous day's enthusiasm had all disappeared.

They eagerly looked forward to sunset when there would be an end to the day's battle. As the sun sank in the west, Bhishma said to Drona: "It is well we stop the fighting now. Our army is disheartened and weary."

On the side of the Pandavas, Dhananjaya and others returned in great cheer to their camp, with bands playing. At the end of the second day's battle, the Kauravas were in the mood that the Pandavas were in the previous evening.


THE THIRD DAY'S BATTLE

ON the morning of the third day Bhishma arrayed his army in eagle formation and himself led it while Duryodhana and his forces protected the rear. So great was the care taken over every detail that the Kauravas were certain that there could be no mishap for them that day.

The Pandavas too arrayed their forces with skill. Dhananjaya and Dhrishtadyumna decided in favor of a crescent formation of their army so as more effectually to cope with the eagle formation of the enemy's forces.


On the right horn of the crescent stood Bhima and on the left Arjuna, leading the respective divisions. The battle began. All arms were at once engaged and blood flowed in torrents and the dust that was raised by chariots, horses and elephants rose to hide the sun.

Dhananjaya's attack was powerful but the enemy stood firm. A counter-attack was made by the Kauravas concentrating on Arjuna's position. Javelins and spears and other missiles flew in the air shining like forked lightning in a thunderstorm.

Like a great cloud of locusts the shafts covered Arjuna's chariot. But with amazing skill he raised a moving fortification around his chariot with arrows discharged in an unending stream from his famous bow.


At another point Sakuni led a large force against Satyaki and Abhimanyu. Satyaki's chariot was broken to pieces and he had to scramble up Abhimanyu's chariot and thereafter both fought from the same chariot.

They were able to destroy Sakuni's forces. Drona and Bhishma jointly attacked Dharmaputra's division and Nakula and Sahadeva joined their brother in opposing Drona's offensive.

Bhima and his son Ghatotkacha attacked Duryodhana's division and in that day's battle the son appeared to excel his great father in valor.

Bhima's shafts hit Duryodhana and he lay in swoon in his chariot. His charioteer quickly drove the chariot away from the scene. He feared that the Kaurava forces would be completely demoralised if they saw that the prince had been disabled.

But even this movement created great confusion. Bhimasena took full advantage of the position and worked havoc among the fleeing Kaurava forces.


Drona and Bhishma who saw the discomfiture and confusion of the Kaurava army came up quickly and restored confidence. The scattered forces were brought together and Duryodhana was again seen leading them.

"How can you stand thus," said Duryodhana to the grandsire, "looking on when our forces are scattered and put to disgraceful flight? I fear you are too kind to the Pandavas. Why did you not tell me frankly 'I love the Pandavas; Dhrishtadyumna and Satyaki are my friends and I cannot attack or slay them.' You should have stated the position explicitly to me. Surely these men are not equal to you. And if you were so minded, you could deal with them easily. Even now, it would be best if you and Drona told me frankly your mind in the matter."

The chagrin of defeat, and the knowledge that the grandsire disapproved of his ways made Duryodhana speak thus bitterly. But Bhishma merely smiled and said: "Wasn't I quite frank in my advice to you? That advice you rejected when you decided on war. I tried to prevent the war but, now that it has come, I am fulfilling my duties by you with all my might. I am an old man and what I am doing is quite my utmost."

Saying thus, the grandsire resumed his operations. The turn of events in the forenoon had been so much in their favor that the delighted Pandavas were now somewhat careless.


They did not expect Bhishma to rally his forces and attack them again. But stung by Duryodhana's reproaches, the grandsire raged about the field like a destroying fire.

He rallied his men and delivered the most severe attack yet made on the Pandava army. The latter thought that the grandsire had multiplied himself into a number of Bhishmas fighting at several points. So swift were his movements that afternoon.

Those who opposed him were struck down and perished like months in the fire. The Pandava army was thoroughly broken and began to scatter. Vasudeva, Partha and Sikhandin tried hard to restore order and confidence, but were unsuccessful.

"Dhanjaya," said Krishna, "now has the critical time come. Be true to your decision not to flinch from your duty to kill in battle Bhishma, Drona and all the other friends and relatives and respected elders. You have pledged yourself to it and you have now to carry it out. Otherwise our army is lost beyond redemption. You must now attack the grandsire."


"Drive on," said Arjuna.

As Dhananjaya's chariot sped on towards Bhishma, it met a hot reception from the grandsire, who covered it with his arrows.

But, Arjuna bent his bow and discharged three shafts that broke the grandsire's bow. Bhishma picked up another bow but it too met the same fate. The grandsire's heart was gladdened when he saw Arjuna's skill in archery.

"Hail, brave warrior!" applauded the grandsire, even as, taking up another bow; he poured shafts on Arjuna's chariot with unerring aim.

Krishna was not happy at the way Arjuna met the attack. The grandsire's bow was working fiercely. But Arjuna's hands did not do their best, for his heart was not in it.


He had too much regard for his great grandsire. Krishna thought that, if Arjuna went on like this, the army, which had been so badly demoralized already, would be utterly destroyed and all would be lost.

Krishna managed the chariot skilfully, but in spite of it, both he and Arjuna were hit many times by Bhishma's arrows.

Janardana's (Krishna) anger rose. "I can stand this no longer, Arjuna. I shall kill Bhishma myself if you will not do it!" he exclaimed, and dropping the reins, he took up his discus and jumped down from the chariot and dashed forward towards Bhishma.

Bhishma was far from being perturbed at this. On the contrary, his face expanded with ecstatic joy. "Come, come, Oh Lotus-eyed One!" he exclaimed.

"I bow to you, Oh Madhava. Lord of the World, have you indeed come down from the chariot for my sake? I offer you my life. If I be slain by you, I shall be glorified in the three worlds. Give me that boon. May your hands take this life away and save me for eternity."


Arjuna was distressed to see this. He jumped down and ran after Krishna. Overtaking him with great difficulty, he entreated Krishna to turn back.

"Do not lose your patience with me. Desist and I promise not to flinch," he said, and persuaded Krishna to return. The chariot reins were again in Krishna's hands. Arjuna attacked the Kaurava forces furiously and thousands were slain by him.

The Kauravas suffered a severe defeat on the evening of the third day. As they returned to their camps in torchlight, they said to one another: "Who can equal Arjuna? There is nothing strange in his being victorious." So marvelous was Arjuna's prowess that day.


THE FOURTH DAY

THE battle was very much the same every day and the narrative is one of monotonous fighting and killing. Still, the great battle is the central event in the Mahabharata and, if we skip over it, we cannot fully understand the epic heroes of that crowded stage.

At break of day, Bhishma arrayed the Kaurava forces again. Surrounded by Drona, Duryodhana and others, the grandsire looked verily like great Indra, holding his thunder bolt, surrounded by the devas.

The Kaurava army, with its chariots, elephants and horses all arrayed in battle order and ready for the fight, presented the appearance of the sky in a great thunderstorm.

The grandsire gave orders for advance. Arjuna watched the hostile movements from his chariot, whereon the Hanuman flag was waving, and he too got ready.

The battle commenced. Aswatthama, Bhurisravas, Salya, Chitrasena and the son of Chala surrounded Abhimanyu and attacked him. The warrior fought like a lion opposing five elephants.

Arjuna saw this combined attack on his son and, with a wrathful lion roar joined his son whereat the tempo of fighting flared up. Dhrishtadyumna also arrived with a large force. The son of Chala was killed.


Chala himself now joined and he with Salya, made a strong attack on Dhrishtadyumna. The latter's bow was severed into two by a sharp missile discharged by Salya.

Abhimanyu saw this and sent a shower of arrows on Salya and put him in such danger that Duryodhana and his brothers rushed to Salya's help. Bhimasena also appeared on the scene at this juncture.

When Bhima raised his mace aloft, Duryodhana's brothers lost courage. Duryodhana, who saw this, was exceedingly angry and immediately charged against Bhima with a large force of elephants.

As soon as Bhima saw the elephants coming up, he descended from his chariot, iron mace in hand, attacked them so fiercely that they scattered in a wild stampede, throwing the Kaurava ranks into disorder.

It will be seen that even in our Puranic stories elephants fared as badly in battle as they did in the wars of the Greeks and the Romans. Bhima's attack on the elephants was like Indra's devastating onslaught on the winged mountains.


The slaughtered elephants lay dead on the field like great hills. Those that escaped fled in panic and caused great havoc in the Kaurava army, trampling numerous soldiers in their wild race. Duryodhana, thereupon, ordered a wholesale attack on Bhima.

But he stood firm as a rock and presently, the Pandava warriors came up and joined him. A number of Duryodhana's arrows struck Bhima's chest and he climbed up his chariot again.

"Visoka, now is the glad hour," said Bhima to his charioteer. "I see a number of Dhritarashtra's sons before me, ready to be shaken down like ripe fruits on a tree. Keep your hold well on the reins and drive on. I am going to dispatch these wretches to Yama's abode." Bhima's arrows would have killed Duryodhana then and there, had it not been for his armor.

Eight of Duryodhana's brothers were slain in that day's battle by Bhima. Duryodhana fought fiercely. Bhima's bow was smashed by one of Duryodhana's arrows. Taking up a fresh bow, Bhima sent an arrow with a knife-edge at Duryodhana that cut the latter's bow into two.


Not baffled by this, Duryodhana took up a fresh bow and discharged a well-aimed shaft which struck Bhima on his chest with such force that he reeled and sat down.

The Pandava warriors now poured a great shower of arrows on Duryodhana. Ghatotkacha, who saw his father sit dazed with the force of the blow, got exceedingly angry and fell on the Kaurava army, which was unable to stand against his onslaught.

"We cannot fight this Rakshasa today." said Bhishma to Drona. "Our men are weary. It is nearing sunset and at night of the Rakshasas grows stronger with the darkness. Let us deal with Ghatotkacha tomorrow."

The grandsire ordered his army to retire for the night. Duryodhana sat musing in his tent, his eyes filled with tears. He had lost many of his brothers in that day's battle.

"Sanjaya," exclaimed Dhritarashtra. "Every day, you give me nothing but bad news. Your tale has ever been one of sorrow, of defeat and loss of dear ones! I cannot stand this any more. What stratagem can save my people? How are we going to win in this fight? Indeed, I am full of fear. It seems fate is more powerful than human effort."


"King " said Sanjaya in reply, "is this not all the result of your own folly? Of what avail is grief? How can I manufacture good news for you? You should hear the truth with fortitude."

"Ah! Vidura's words are coming true," said the blind old king, plunged in great grief.

THE FIFTH DAY

"I AM like a shipwrecked man seeking to save himself by swimming in a storm tossed ocean. I shall surely drown, overwhelmed in this sea of sorrow."

Again and again, when Sanjaya related the happenings of the great battle, Dhritarashtra would thus lament, unable to bear his grief.

"Bhima is going to kill all my sons," he said. "I do not believe there is anyone with prowess enough in our army to protect my sons from death. Did Bhishma, Drona, Kripa and Aswatthama look on unconcerned when our army fled in terror? What indeed is their plan? When and how are they going to help Duryodhana? How are my sons to escape from destruction?"


Saying thus, the blind old king burst into tears.

"Calm yourself, King," said Sanjaya. "The Pandavas rest on the strength of a just cause. So, they win. Your sons are brave but their thoughts are wicked. Therefore, luck does not favor them. They have done great injustice to the Pandavas, and they are reaping the harvest of their sins. The Pandavas are not winning by charms or magic incantations. They are fighting according to the practice of kshatriyas. Their cause being just, they have strength. Friends advised you, but you discarded wise counsel. Vidura, Bhishma, Drona and I tried to stop you in your unwise course, but you did not listen and you went on. Like a foolish sick man who refuses to drink bitter medicine, you obstinately refused to follow our advice, which would have saved your people, preferring to do as your foolish son desired. You are in distress now. Last night, Duryodhana asked Bhishma the same question as you put to me now. And Bhishma gave the same answer as I give you."

When the fighting was stopped on the evening of the fourth day, Duryodhana went by himself to Bhishma's tent and, bowing reverently, said:


"Grandsire, the world knows that you are a warrior who knows not fear. The same is the case with Drona, Kripa, Aswatthama, Kritavarma, Sudakshin, Bhurisravas, Vikarna and Bhagadatta. Death has no terror for these veterans. There is no doubt, the prowess of these great warriors is limitless, even like your own. All the Pandavas combined cannot defeat any one of you. What then is the mystery behind this daily defeat of our army at the hands of the sons of Kunti?"

Bhishma replied: "Prince, listen to me. I have given you advice on every occasion and told you what was good for you. But, you have always refused to follow what your elders counselled you to do. Again, I tell you that it is best for you to make peace with Pandu's sons. For your good as well as for that of the world, that is the only course that should be followed. Belonging to the same royal house, you can all enjoy this vast country as yours. I gave you this advice, but you disregarded it and have grievously wronged the Pandavas, the fruit of which you are now reaping. The Pandavas are protected by Krishna himself. How then can you hope for victory? Even now, it is not loo late for making peace and that is the way to rule your kingdom, making the Pandavas, your powerful brothers, friends instead of enemies. Destruction awaits you if you insult Dhananjaya and Krishna, who are none other than Nara and Narayana."

Duryodhana took leave and went to his tent, but he could not sleep that night.

The battle was resumed the next morning. Bhishma arrayed the Kaurava forces in a strong formation. So did Dhrishtadyumna for the Pandava army.


Bhima stood at the head of the advance lines as usual. And Sikhandin, Dhrishtadyumna and Satyaki stood behind, securely guarding the main body, aided by other generals.

Dharmaputra and the twin brothers held the rear. Bhishma bent his bow and discharged his shafts. The Pandava army suffered greatly under the grandsire's attack.

Dhananjaya saw this and retaliated by fierce shafts aimed at Bhishma. Duryodhana went to Drona and complained bitterly according to his custom.

Drona upbraided him severely: "Obstinate prince, you talk without understanding. You are ignorant of the Pandavas' strength. We are doing our best."

Drona's powerful attack on the Pandava army was too much for Satyaki who was meeting it and Bhima therefore turned his attentions to Drona. The battle grew fiercer still. Drona, Bhishma and Salya made a combined attack on Bhima.


Sikhandin supported Bhima by pouring a shower of arrows on Bhishma. As soon as Sikhandin stepped in, Bhishma turned away. For Sikhandin was born a girl, and Bhishma's principles did not permit him to attack a woman.

In the end, this same objection proved to be the cause of Bhishma's death. When Drona saw Bhishma turn away, he attacked Sikhandin fiercely and compelled him to withdraw.

There was a promiscuous battle the whole of the morning of the fifth day, and the slaughter was terrific. In the after noon, Duryodhana sent a large force to oppose Satyaki.

But Satyaki destroyed it completely and advanced to attack Bhurisravas. Bhurisravas, who was a powerful opponent, put Satyaki's men to fight, and pressed Satyaki himself so fiercely that he was in distress.

Satyaki's ten sons saw their father's plight and sought to relieve him by launching an offensive against Bhurisravas, but Bhurisravas undaunted by numbers, opposed the combined attack and was not to be shaken. His well-aimed darts broke their weapons and they were all slain, strewn on the field like so many tall trees struck down by lightning. Satyaki, wild with rage and grief, drove forward at a furious pace to slay Bhurisravas.


The chariots of the two warriors dashed against each other and crumbled to pieces. And the warriors stood face to face with sword and shield in desperate single combat.

Then, Bhima came and took away Satyaki by force into his chariot and drove away. For Bhima knew that Bhurisravas was an unrivalled swordsman and he did not want Satyaki to be slain.

Arjuna killed thousands of warriors that evening. The soldiers, dispatched against him by Duryodhana, perished like moths in the fire. As the sun went down and Bhishma gave orders to cease fighting, the princes on the Pandava army surrounded Arjuna and greeted him with loud cries of admiration and victory.

The armies on both sides retired to camp, along with the tired horses and elephants.

THE SIXTH DAY

ACCORDING to Yudhishthira's order Dhrishtadyumna arrayed the Pandava army in makara (fish) formation for the sixth day's battle. The Kaurava army was arrayed in krauncha (heron) formation.


We know, how, similarly, names were given to physical exercise, asanas, or postures. Vyuha was the general name for battle array. Which Vyuha was best for any particular occasion, depended on the requirements of the offensive and defensive plans of the day.

What the strength and composition of the forces arrayed should be and what positions they should take up were decided upon, according to the situation as it developed from time to time.

The sixth day was marked by a prodigious slaughter, even in the first part of the morning. Drona's charioteer was killed and Drona took the reins of the horses himself and used his bow as well.

Great was the destruction he effected. He went about like fire among cotton heaps. The formations of both armies were soon broken and indiscriminate and fierce fighting went on. Blood flowed in torrents and the field was covered by dead bodies of soldiers, elephants and horses and the debris of chariots.

Bhimasena pierced the enemy's lines to seek out Duryodhana's brothers and finish them. They, for their part, did not wait to be sought, but rushed on him, in a combined attack from all sides. He was attacked by Duhsasana, Durvishaha, Durmata, Jaya, Jayatsena, Vikarna, Chitrasena, Sudarsana, Charuchitra, Suvarma, Dushkarna and others, all together.

Bhimasena, who did not know what fear was, stood up and fought them all. They desired to take him prisoner and he to kill them all on the spot.

The battle raged fiercely, even like the ancient battle between the gods and the asuras. Suddenly, the son of Pandu lost his patience and jumped down from his chariot, mace in band, and made straight on foot for the sons of Dhritarashtra, in hot haste to slay them.

When Dhrishtadyumna saw Bhima's chariot disappear in the enemy lines, he was alarmed and rushed to prevent disaster. He reached Bhima's car, but found it was occupied only by the charioteer and Bhima was not in it. With tears in his eyes, he asked the charioteer: "Visoka, where is Bhima dearer to me than life?" Dhrishtadyumna naturally thought Bhima had fallen.

Visoka bowed and said to the son of Drupada: "The son of Pandu asked me to stay here and, without waiting for my reply rushed forward on foot, mace in hand, into the enemy ranks."


Fearing that Bhima would be overpowered and killed Dhrishtadyumna drove his chariot into the enemy lines in search of Bhimasena, whose path was marked by the bodies of slain elephants.

When Dhrishtadyumna found Bhima, he saw him surrounded on all sides by enemies fighting from their chariots. Bhima stood against them all, mace in hand, wounded all over and breathing fire.

Dhrishtadyumna embraced him and took him into his chariot and proceeded to pick out the shafts that had stuck in his body. Duryodhana now ordered his warriors to attack Bhimasena and Dhrishtadyumna and not to wait for them to attack or challenge.

Accordingly, they made a combined attack even though they were not inclined to engage themselves in further fighting. Dhrishtadyumna had a secret weapon, which he had obtained from Dronacharya and, discharging it, threw the enemy forces into a stupor.

But Duryodhana then joined the fray and discharged weapons to counter the stupor weapons of Dhrishtadyumna. Just then, reinforcements sent by Yudhishthira arrived.

A force of twelve chariots with their retinue led by Abhimanyu came upon the scene to support Bhima.

Dhrishtadyumna was greatly relieved when he saw this. Bhimasena had also by now refreshed himself and was ready to renew the fight. He got into Kekaya's chariot and took up his position along with the rest.

Drona, however, was terrible that day. He killed Dhrishtadyumna's charioteer and horses and smashed his chariot and Drupada's son had to seek a place in Abhimanyu's car. The Pandava forces began to waver and Drona was cheered by the Kaurava army.

Indiscriminate mass fighting and slaughter went on that day. At one time, Bhima and Duryodhana met face to face. The usual exchange of hot words took place and was followed by a great battle of archery.

Duryodhana was hit and fell unconscious. Kripa extricated him with great skill and took him away in his own chariot. Bhishma personally arrived at the spot now and led the attack and scattered the Pandava forces.

The sun was sinking, but the battle was continued for an hour yet and the fighting was fierce and many thousands perished. Then the day's battle ceased. Yudhishthira was glad that Dhrishtadyumna and Bhima returned to camp alive.

THE SEVENTH DAY

DURYODHANA, wounded all over and suffering greatly, went to Bhishma and said:

"The battle had been going against us every day. Our formations are broken and our warriors are being slain in large numbers. You are looking on doing nothing."

The grandsire soothed Duryodhana with comforting words:

"Why do you let yourself be disheartened? Here are all of us, Drona, Salya, Kritavarma, Aswatthama, Vikarna, Bhagadatta, Sakuni, the two brothers of Avanti, the Trigarta chief, the king of Magadha, and Kripacharya. When these great warriors are here, ready to give up their lives for you, why should you feel downhearted? Get rid of this mood of dejection."

Saying this, he issued orders for the day.

"See there," the grandsire said to Duryodhana. "These thousands of cars, horses and horsemen, great war elephants, and those armed foot soldiers from various kingdoms are all ready to fight for you. With this fine army, you can vanquish even the gods. Fear not."

Thus cheering up the dejected Duryodhana, he gave him a healing balm for his wounds. Duryodhana rubbed it over his numerous wounds and felt relieved.

He went to the field, heartened by the grandsire's words of confidence. The army was that day arrayed in circular formation. With each war elephant were seven chariots fully equipped.

Each chariot was supported by seven horsemen. To each horseman were attached ten shield bearers. Everyone wore armor.

Duryodhana stood resplendent like Indra at the center of this great and well-equipped army. Yudhishthira arrayed the Pandava army in vajravyuha. This day's battle was fiercely fought simultaneously at many sectors.

Bhishma personally opposed Arjuna's attacks. Drona and Virata were engaged with each other at another point. Sikhandin and Aswatthama fought a big battle at another sector.

Duryodhana and Dhrishtadyumna fought with each other at yet another point. Nakula and Sahadeva attacked their uncle Salya. The Avanti kings opposed Yudhamanyu, while Bhimasena opposed Kritavarma, Chitrasena, Vikarna and Durmarsha.

There were great battles between Ghatotkacha and Bhagadatta, between Alambasa and Satyaki, between Bhurisravas and Dhrishtaketu, between Yudhishthira and Srutayu and between Chekitana and Kripa.

In the battle between Drona and Virata, the latter was worsted and he had to climb into the chariot of his son Sanga, having lost his own chariot, horses and charioteer.

Virata's sons Uttara and Sveta had fallen in the first day's battle. On this seventh day, Sanga also was slain just as his father came up to his side. Sikhandin, Drupada's son, was defeated by Aswatthama.

His chariot was smashed and he jumped down and stood sword and shield in hand. Aswatthama aimed his shaft at his sword and broke it. Sikhandin then whirled the broken sword and hurled it at Aswatthama with tremendous force, but it was met by Aswatthama's arrow.

Sikhandin, badly beaten, got into Satyaki's chariot and retired. In the fight between Satyaki and Alambasa, the former had the worst of it at first but later recovered ground and Alambasa had to flee.

In the battle between Dhrishtadyumna and Duryodhana, the horses of the latter were killed and he had to alight from his chariot. He, however, continued the fight, sword in hand. Sakuni came then and took the prince away in his chariot.

Kritavarma made a strong attack on Bhima but was worsted. He lost his chariot and horses and acknowledging defeat, fled towards Sakuni's car, with Bhima's arrows sticking all over him, making him look like a porcupine speeding away in the forest.

Vinda and Anuvinda of Avanti were defeated by Yudhamanyu, and their armies were completely destroyed. Bhagadatta attacked Ghatotkacha and put to flight all his supporters.

But, alone, Ghatotkacha stood and fought bravely. But in the end, he too had to save himself by flight, which gladdened the whole Kaurava army.

Salya attacked his nephews. Nakula's horses were killed and he had to join his brother in the latter's chariot. Both continued the fight from the same car. Salya was hit by Sahadeva's arrow and swooned. The charioteer skilfully drove the car away and saved Salya.

When the Madra king (Salya) was seen retreating from the field Duryodhana's army lost heart and the twin sons of Madri blew their conchs in triumph. Taking advantage of the situation, they inflicted heavy damage on Salya's forces.

At noon, Yudhishthira led an attack on Srutayu. The latter's well-aimed arrows intercepted Dharmaputra's missiles, and his armor was pierced and he was severely wounded.

Yudhishthira then lost his temper and sent a powerful arrow that pierced Srutayu's breast-plate. That day, Yudhishthira was not his normal self and burnt with anger.

Srutayu's charioteer and horses were killed and the chariot was smashed and he had to flee on foot from the field. This completed the demorahsation of Duryodhana's army.

In the attack on Kripa, Chekitana, losing his chariot and charioteer, alighted and attacked Kripa's charioteer and horses with mace in hand and killed them.


Kripa also alighted, and standing on the ground, discharged his arrows. Chekitana was badly hit. He then whirled his mace and hurled it at Kripacharya, but the latter was able to intercept it with his own arrow.

Thereupon they closed with each other, sword in hand. Both were wounded and fell on the ground, when Bhima came and took Chekitana away in his chariot. Sakuni similarly took wounded Kripa away in his car.

Ninety-six arrows of Dhrishtaketu struck Bhurisravas. And the great warrior was like a sun radiating glory, as the arrows, all sticking in his breast-plate, shone bright around his radiant face. Even in that condition, he compelled Dhrishtaketu to admit defeat and retire. Three of Duryodhana's brothers attacked Abhimanyu who inflicted a heavy defeat on them but spared their lives, because Bhima had sworn to kill them. Thereupon, Bhishma attacked Abhimanyu.

Arjuna saw this and said to his illustrious charioteer: "Krishna, drive the car towards Bhishma."

At that moment, the other Pandavas also joined Arjuna. But the grandsire was able to hold his own against all five until the sunset, and the battle was suspended for the day. And the warriors of both sides, weary and wounded, retired to their tents for rest and for having their injuries attended to.

After this, for an hour, soft music was played, soothing the warriors to their rest. That hour was spent, says the poet, without a word about war or hatred. It was an hour of heavenly bliss, and it was a glad sight to see. One can see herein what the great lesson of the Mahabharata is.


THE EIGHTH DAY
WHEN the eighth day dawned, Bhishma arrayed his army in tortoise formation. Yudhishthira said to Dhrishtadyumna:
"See there, the enemy is in kurma vyuha (tortoise formation). You have to answer at once with a formation that can break it."
Dhrishtadyumna immediately proceeded to his task. The Pandava forces were arrayed in a three-pronged formation.
Bhima was at the head of one prong, Satyaki of another, and Yudhishthira at the crest of the middle division. Our ancestors had developed the science of war very well.
It was not reduced to writing but was preserved by tradition in the families of kshatriyas. Armor and tactics were employed suitably to meet the weapons of offence and the tactics that the enemy used in those days.
The Kurukshetra battle was fought some thousands of years ago. Reading the story of the battle in the Mahabharata, we should not, having the practice and incidents of modern warfare in mind, reject the Mahabharata narrative as mere myth with no relation to fact.
Only about a century and a half ago, the English admiral Nelson fought great sea battles and won undying renown.
The weapons used and the vessels that actually took part in Nelson's battles, would seem almost weird and even ridiculous if compared with those of modern naval warfare.
If a hundred and fifty years can make so much difference, we must be prepared for very strange things in the procedure and events of a period, so long back as that of the Mahabharata war.
Another matter to be kept in mind is that we cannot expect, in the books of poets and literary writers, accurate or full details about weapons and tactics, although the narrative may be of battles.
Military affairs were in ancient times the sole concern of the military order, the kshatriyas. Their culture and their training were entirely their own charge. 

The principles and the secrets of warfare and the science and art of the use of military weapons were handed down from generation to generation by tradition and personal instruction.
There were no military textbooks and there was not any place for them in the works of poets and rishis. If a modern novel deals in some chapters with the treatment and cure of a sick person, we can not expect to see such details in it as might interest a medical man. No author would care, even if he were able, to include scientific details in his story.
So, we cannot hope to find in the epic of Vyasa, precise details as to what is tortoise formation or lotus formation. We have no explanation as to how one could, by discharging a continuous stream of arrows, build a defence around himself or intercept and cut missiles in transit, or how one could be living when pierced all over by arrows, or how far the armor worn by the soldiers and officers could protect them against missiles or what were the ambulance arrangements or how the dead were disposed of. 

All these things appertaining to ancient war, however interesting, will have to be in the realm of the unknown in spite of the vivid narrative we have in the Mahabharata epic.
Bhima killed eight of Dhritarashtra's sons early in the battle that day. Duryodhana's heart lost courage before this. It seemed to his friends as if Bhimasena would complete his revenge this very day, even as he swore in the assembly ball, where the great outrage was enacted.
Arjuna had a great bereavement in this day's battle. His dear son Iravan was killed. This son of Arjuna by his Naga wife had come and joined the Pandava forces at Kurukshetra. Duryodhana sent his friend, the Rakshasa Alambasa, to oppose the Naga warrior.
Iravan was slain after a fierce fight. When Arjuna heard this, he broke down completely. Said he turning to Vasudeva: "Vidura had indeed told us plainly that both sides would be plunged in grief unbearable. What are we doing all this wretched destruction up on one another for? Just for the sake of property. After all this killing, what joy are we or they likely to find in the end? O Madhusudana, I now see why the far seeing Yudhishthira said he would be content if Duryodhana would give five villages to us, keeping everything else to himself and he would not resort to fighting if that were agreed to. Duryodhana, in his obstinate folly, refused to give even these five villages and so, these great sins have to be committed on both sides. I continue fighting only because men would otherwise think me a coward, who could submit tamely to wrong. When I see the dead warriors lying on the field, my heart is filled with unbearable anguish. Oh, how wicked we are to carry on in this miserable, sinful way."
Seeing Iravan killed, Ghatotkacha uttered a loud war-cry which made all the assembled soldiers tremble. And with his division, he fell upon the Kaurava army ferociously. So great was the destruction he wrought that at many points the Kaurava formation was broken. 

Seeing this, Duryodhana personally led an attack on Bhima's son. The king of Vanga joined Duryodhana with his elephants. Duryodhana fought most bravely on this eighth day of the battle. He killed a great number of warriors on Ghatotkacha's side.
Ghatotkacha hurled a javelin which would have ended Duryodhana's career but for the Vanga chief's prompt intervention with one of his elephants.
The missile hit the beast, which fell dead, and Duryodhana was saved.
Bhishma was anxious about Duryodhana and sent a large force under Drona to support the Kaurava prince.
Many were the veterans who were in this force that attacked Ghatotkacha.
So tumultuous and fierce was the fight at this sector of the battle that Yudhishthira feared for Ghatotkacha's safety and sent Bhimasena to his aid.
Then the battle became even fiercer than before. Sixteen of Duryodhana's brothers perished on this day.

THE NINTH DAY

ON the morning of the ninth day, before the battle began, Duryodhana was closeted with the grandsire. He gave vent to his bitter feelings of disappointment over the way the battle was going. He uttered words that were like the sharp spears and pained the grandsire greatly but the latter was patient and said sadly:

"Like ghee on the sacrificial fire I am pouring my life out for you. Why do you seek to mortify me, who have been doing my very utmost for you? You speak like a man of no understanding, not knowing what is right and what is wrong. They say that, when a man is nearing his death, the tree appears to him to be made of gold. You see things now, not as they are. Your vision is clouded. You are now reaping the harvest of the hatred you deliberately sowed. The best course for you are to go on fighting, as well as you can. This is also the plain path of duty. It is not possible for me to fight Sikhandin, for I can never raise my hand against a woman. Nor can I with my hands kill the Pandavas, for my mind revolts against it. I will do everything barring these two and fight all the warriors opposed to you. Nothing is gained by losing heart. Fight as a kshatriya should and honor will be yours whatever the events."

Saying thus to Duryodhana and cheering him up with wise and affectionate words, Bhishma proceeded to issue instructions for arraying the forces for the day's battle.

Duryodhana was heartened. He sent for Duhsasana and said to him: "Brother, put forth all our strength in today's battle. I am convinced, the grandsire is fighting on our side with his whole heart. It is only against Sikhandin, he says, he cannot use his weapons. We should see that he is not exposed to Sikhandin's attacks, for you know, even a wild dog can kill a lion if the latter scorns to fight back."

There was a great fight between Abhimanyu and Alambasa. Abhimanyu demonstrated that his valor was no less than his illustrious father's. Alambasa had to flee on foot to save himself.

There were fierce combats between Satyaki and Aswatthama and between Drona and Arjuna. Thereafter, all the Pandavas attacked the grandsire and Duryodhana sent Duhsasana to support the old warrior. Bhishma fought furiously and beat the Pandavas back.

The Pandava forces were thoroughly demoralised and were flying hither and thither, like cattle that had lost their way in the forest.

Krishna halted the chariot and said to Arjuna: "Partha, you and your brothers were looking forward to this day, after thirteen years. Do not hesitate to kill the grandsire. Remember the duty of a soldier."

Arjuna bent his head down and, without looking up, replied: "I would much rather have continued to be an exile in the forest than kill the grandsire and the teachers whom I love, but I shall obey you. Drive on."

Arjuna's heart was not in the fight. Unwillingly and in great distress of mind, he proceeded to the combat. Bhishma, on the other hand, burnt fiercely like the noonday sun.

When the army saw Arjuna's chariot proceed towards Bhishma, it regained courage and order once again prevailed. Bhishma's arrows came thick and fast and covered the advancing chariot so completely that neither horses nor vehicles could be seen.

Krishna was unperturbed and drove on with circumspection and skill. Arjuna's shafts hit Bhishma's bow and shattered it many times. But the grandsire went on renewing his weapon.

"You are not fighting, Arjuna, as you should!" exclaimed Krishna, and jumped down in a rage from the chariot and, taking up his discus, he advanced towards the grandsire.

Bhishma saw Vasudeva approaching.

"Hail, O Lotus-eyed One!" he cried. "Blessed am I to be separated from the body by you! Come, come!"

Arjuna jumped down from the chariot and, rushing forward overtook and held Krishna, casting both his arms around him. "Stop, Krishna," he cried. "Do not break your pledge. You have promised not to use weapons in this battle. This is my work. I shall not fail. I shall send my arrows and kill the beloved grandsire myself. Pray, mount the car and take the reins."

Arjuna took Krishna back and the battle was resumed. The Pandava forces had been handled roughly, but now the sun was down in the west and the fighting ended for the day.

THE PASSING OF BHISHMA

IT was the tenth day of the battle. Keeping Sikhandin in front of him, Arjuna attacked Bhishma. When Sikhandin's darts pierced his breast, sparks flew from the grandsire's eyes.

For a moment the old warrior's anger rose like flaming fire and his eyes glared as if to consume Sikhandin. But, at once, the grandsire restrained himself.

He decided not to be provoked into fighting Sikhandin, who was born a woman and to strike whom it seemed unworthy of a warrior.

He knew, however, his end was near and calmed himself. Sikhandin went on discharging his arrows, not minding the battle of emotions in his opponent's mind.

Arjuna also steeled his heart, and from behind Sikhandin aimed arrows at the weak points in Bhishma's armor, even while the grandsire stood still.

Bhishma smiled as the arrows continued to come down thick on him, and turning to Duhsasana, said: "Ah, these are Arjuna's arrows! These cannot be Sikhandin's, for they burn my flesh as the crab's young ones tear their mother's body."

Thus did the grandsire look upon his dear pupil's arrows and, while saying this to Duhsasana, he took up a javelin and hurled it at Arjuna. Arjuna met it with three arrows which cut it to pieces even as it was speeding through the air.

Bhishma then decided to end the combat and made as if to dismount from his chariot, sword and shield in hand. But before he could do so, his shield was cut to pieces by Arjuna's arrows.

With arrows sticking all over his body so thickly that there was not even an inch of intervening space, Bhishma fell headlong to the ground from his chariot.

As he fell, the gods, who looked on from above, folded their hands in reverent salutation and a gentle breeze, laden with fragrance and cool raindrops, swept over the battlefield.

Thus fell the great and good Bhishma, the son of Ganga, who came on earth to hallow it and all it bears.

The blameless hero who, unasked, made the great renunciation to give joy to his father. The undefeated bowman who had humbled the pride of Rama of the axe. The selfless worker for righteousness' sake, thus repaid his debt to Duryodhana, and lay wounded to death sanctifying with his life-blood the battlefield. As the grandsire fell, the hearts of the Kauravas also fell along with him.

Bhishma's body did not touch the ground, on account of the arrows sticking out all over his body. His body shone more brightly than ever before, as it lay as on a bed of honor, supported by the shafts that had pierced his flesh.

Both armies ceased fighting and all the warriors came running and crowded round the great hero, who lay on his bed of arrows. The kings of the earth stood with bowed heads round him, as the gods round Brahma.

"My head hangs down unsupported," said the grandsire. The princes who stood near, ran and brought cushions. The old warrior rejected them with a smile and, turning towards Arjuna said: "Dear son Partha, give me a cushion befitting a warrior."

When Arjuna, whose arrows were just then burning the grandsire's flesh, heard those words addressed to him, he took three arrows from out of his quiver and so placed them that the grandsire's head found support on their points.

"Princes," said Bhishma addressing the assembled chiefs, "Arjuna's arrows were indeed what my head required to be supported on. This pillow gives me satisfaction. Now, I must lie thus until the sun turns north. My soul will not depart till then. ( THIS IS THE ICHAMRIYTHYU DATE OF MAKARAVILAKKU AT SABARIMALA , KERALA ) When I pass away, those of you who may be alive then may come and see me."

Then the grandsire turned again to Arjuna and said: "I am tormented with thirst. Get me some drinking water." At once, Arjuna raised his bow, and drawing, it to the ear, shot a shaft down into the earth near the grandsire on his right side.

Upon the opening made by the arrow, there gushed a stream of pure sweet water to the very lips of the dying man. Ganga came up, says the poet, to quench her dear son's burning thirst. Bhishma drank and was happy.

"Duryodhana, may you be wise!" said Bhishma, addressing the Kaurava prince. "Did you see how Arjuna brought me water to quench my thirst? Who else in this world can do such a deed? Make peace with him without further delay. May the war cease with my exit. Listen to me, son, make peace with the Pandavas."

The grandsire's words did not please Duryodhana. Even when dying, the patient does not like medicine. He objects to the bitter taste. All the princes retired to their camps.

KARNA AND THE GRANDSIRE
WHEN he learnt that Bhishma lay wounded and dying, Karna hurried to the place and fell at his feet and said:
"Eldest of the race. Radha's son, who, through no fault of his, incurred your great displeasure, humbly prostrates himself before you."
When after humble salutation Karna stood up, the grandsire, greatly moved, tenderly placed his hand on Karna's head and blessed him.
"You are not Radha's son, young man," he said in loving tones: "You are Kuntidevi's own first born. Narada, who knows all the secrets of the world, himself revealed this to me. Son of Surya, truly I entertained no dislike for you. But I was grieved to see your increasing hatred of the Pandavas although they gave you no cause for it. I know and admire your valor and your open handedness. And I know also that you belong to the class of Phalguna and Krishna in prowess. It is proper that you befriend the Pandavas. Therein lies the right path for you who are their brother. With the closing of my part in this war, may the chapter of your enmity also close. This is my wish, Karna."
Karna listened respectfully and replied: "Grandsire I know I am Kunti's son, and not charioteer born. But I have eaten Duryodhana's salt and must be true to him, to be true to my own lineage. It is impossible for me to go over to the Pandavas now. You must permit me to repay with my life, if it so be the debt I owe to Duryodhana for his love and trust. I have erred greatly in word and deed. You must forgive me for it all and give me your blessings."
The great acharya, who knew all the laws of right conduct and what Karna said, replied: "Do reflect for a while and then do as you wish, for that is the right way."
Even when Bhishma was mortally wounded and lay dying, the battle did not cease. Discarding the grandsire's words of wisdom, the Kauravas resumed the battle.
Deprived of Bhishma's leadership, the Kaurava forces felt like sheep without a shepherd when Bhishma no longer led them. Indeed, even as Bhishma fell wounded, the men shouted:
"O Karna, you are the one left to lead and protect us."
The Kaurava warriors felt that, if but Karna would agree to take up the command, victory was certain. During the first ten days when Bhishma led the forces, the son of Surya kept away from the battle.
As already narrated, deeply hurt at the grandsire's contempt, Karna had said: "So long as you are up fighting, I shall keep aloof. If you slay the Pandavas and bring victory to Duryodhana, I shall be glad. And I shall then, taking the king's leave, go to the forest. But, if you be defeated and go to the abode of the brave, I who am not deemed by you as an adhiratha (master of chariot warfare) will ride my chariot and oppose those whom you deem to be of greater prowess than myself. And defeating them, bring victory to Duryodhana."
Thus had Karna sworn and, with Duryodhana's consent, kept aloof from the battle during the first ten days. Now he went on foot to Bhishma who lay on his bed of arrows waiting for his end and, saluting him, addressed him thus:
"Veteran grandsire, vanquisher of Parasurama, you lie on the field of battle, struck down by Sikhandin. If you, who had reached the summit of right living and were an embodiment of purity itself, must lie wounded in this manner, it is clear that no one can attain in this world what he deserves by his merit. You were the one boat on which the Kaurava princes depended for crossing the flood of their troubles. Heavy indeed will be the blows that the Pandavas will now deal at the Kauravas and great will be their consequent distress. Like fire and wind burning down the forest, Arjuna and Krishna will destroy the army of Kauravas. This is certain. Turn your gracious eyes on me and bless me, who have accepted the command of the forces."
Bhishma gave his blessings to Karna."You are like the good earth to the seeds, like rain clouds to living beings, ever dependable, firm in your loyalty. Serve Duryodhana and save him. You vanquished the Kambojas for him. You put down the Kiratas of the Himalayan fastnesses for him. You fought the Girivrajas on his behalf and defeated them. Many more things you have accomplished for him. Take charge of the Kaurava army now as your own rich possession and guard it well. May you lead Duryodhana's forces to success! May you have every good fortune! Fight your enemies, go."
Karna, having received the benediction of the grandsire, mounted his chariot and rode to the battlefield. When the valorous Karna entered the field on his war chariot, Duryodhana's joys knew no bounds. His sorrow, at having lost Bhishma, was in some degree alleviated.

DRONA IN COMMAND

DURYODHANA and Karna held counsel as to who should be put in supreme command of the forces.

"Well, everyone of these princely warriors fighting on your side is great enough to be put in charge of our forces as supreme commander," said Karna.

"All these kings are of equal prowess, strength, energy, skill, courage, valor, ancestry and wisdom. They cannot all be put in joint command and, if any of them be chosen, each of the others would feel hurt and may not put forth his whole strength in the cause. Thereby we stand to suffer. So, my advice is that we install Dronacharya, the teacher of all these princes and warriors, as supreme commander. He indeed is the greatest of all those that carry arms today. No kshatriya equals him in the qualities required for leading our army. Let us therefore install him."

Duryodhana agreed that this was the right thing to do, and so it was decided.

Duryodhana went to Dronacharya and, in the presence of the assembled warriors and princes, bowed and addressed him:

"Revered Master, you are unrivalled among all those assembled here in caste, ancestry, knowledge of sciences, age, wisdom, valor and skill. I beg of you to accept the supreme command. Under your command, this army will be victorious." The assembled kings received this proposal with loud cheers and war cries that gladdened Duryodhana's heart.

Drona was installed in due form amidst thunderous acclamation. The praise of courtiers and the sound of trumpets that accompanied the ceremony, made the Kauravas feel as though they had already vanquished the enemy. So great was their enthusiasm and confidence in Drona's leadership.

Drona arrayed the army in circular formation. Karna, who had till then stood aside was now seen moving about in his great chariot on the battlefield and this put new courage and joy into the hearts of the Kaurava soldiers.

The talk went round in the army that the great Bhishma did not wish to slay the sons of Pandu and therefore had not put his whole heart in the fight. But now that Karna was in the field, it was certain that the Pandavas would be destroyed.

Dronacharya was in command for five days of the battle. Though of advanced years, he was everywhere in the field and displayed the fierce energy of a young warrior. Whenever he led an attack, the Pandava forces were scattered like clouds before a storm.

He personally engaged the greatest warriors on the Pandava side in battle. He fought Satyaki, Bhima, Arjuna, Dhrishtadyumna, Abhimanyu, Drupada and Kasiraja and defeated them on many occasions.

He harassed and inflicted severe punishment on the Pandava army during the five days he was in command.

TO SEIZE YUDHISHTHIRA ALIVE
AS SOON AS Drona assumed command of the Kaurava forces Duryodhana, Karna and Duhsasana sat in council and decided on a plan. And Duryodhana went to Dronacharya to put it in operation.
"Acharya, we desire that you should capture Yudhishthira alive and give him over to us. We desire nothing more, not even a total victory. If you achieve this for us, we shall all be exceedingly satisfied with your conduct of the war."
When Drona heard Duryodhana address him thus, great was his joy, for he hated the very idea of slaying the Pandava brothers. Even though, to fulfil his obligation, the acharya loyally joined the Kaurava side against the Pandavas, he loved the sons of Kunti and especially the pure-minded Yudhishthira.
So, when he heard Duryodhana request that Yudhishthira should be captured alive, he felt greatly relieved.
"Duryodhana, may you be blessed!" the acharya said. "Do you too wish to abstain from killing Yudhishthira? How it gladdens my heart! Truly, Yudhishthira is one without an enemy and the name Ajatasatru, which the people have given to Kunti's eldest son, has been justified by your great decision. When even you have made up your mind that he should not be killed but should be captured alive, his unrivalled glory has become ten times enhanced."
"I see, dear Duryodhana, what you intend," Drona continued. "You wish to defeat the Pandavas in battle and then give them their share in the kingdom and live in peace and amity with them. I see this clearly from your desire to capture Yudhishthira alive."
Drona was exceedingly glad and he said again: "Indeed Yudhishthira is the most fortunate man on earth. The gods are showering their favors on Kunti's good son. So has he won the hearts of even enemies."
But Duryodhana's motives in wishing to take Yudhishthira alive were far different. And as soon as Drona acceded to his proposal and gave his pledge that he would do his best to capture Yudhishthira, he began to reveal his real intentions.
If Yudhishthira were slain, nothing would be gained by it, and the anger of the Pandavas would be all the greater. The battle would rage more fiercely than before. And Duryodhana knew that it would only mean the utter defeat of his army.
Even if the fight were to be continued relentlessly until both armies were destroyed, Krishna would still remain alive and he would put either Draupadi or Kunti in sovereign possession of the kingdom.
What then was the point in killing Yudhishthira? On the other hand, if Yudhishthira was captured alive, Duryodhana thought, the war would end more speedily and victoriously for the Kauravas.
Thereafter, he could surely play on Yudhishthira's goodness and his loyalty to the traditional code of kshatriya conduct. It was pretty certain he could be drawn into the battle of dice again and sent to the forests once more.
Ten days of fighting had demonstrated to Duryodhana that further fighting would only result in the destruction of the race, not the fulfilment of the desires.
When Duryodhana made his motives clear to Drona, the acharya was greatly disappointed and he cursed Duryodhana in his heart. But whatever the reason for it, he was glad that Yudhishthira was not to be killed.
The news that Drona had given a solemn assurance to Duryodhana that he would take Yudhishthir a prisoner, was carried by their spies to the Pandava army.
The Pandavas knew that, when the acharya was determined on something and gave his pledged word for executing it, his unrivalled eminence in the art of war and his valor made it a most serious affair.
So, they soon got busy and so arrayed the forces that Yudhishthira was never left unsupported. Whatever movements might take place, they always took care to leave sufficient protection against any surprise attack on Yudhishthira.
In the first day's battle under the leadership of Drona, the acharya amply demonstrated his great skill and energy. He moved about destroying the Pandava forces like a fire burning up dry logs. His rapid movements made the Pandava army feel as if Drona was everywhere at the same time showering arrows like rain and converting the battlefield into a stage for the dance of the God of Death. He cut the Pandava army in twain where Dhrishtadyumna stood.
Many were the single combats among renowned warriors. There was a fierce battle between Sahadeva and Sakuni skilled in illusion warfare. When their chariots broke, they alighted on the ground. And, like two hills sprung to life and motion, they struck each other with maces and closed with one another in single combat. Between Bhima and Vivimsati there was a great battle in which chariots were broken on both sides. Salya fought his nephew Nakula and harassed him exceedingly, smiling most provokingly all the time. But, in the end, Salya had his car smashed and his flag brought down, and he withdrew admitting defeat. Between Kripacharya and Dhrishtaketu there was a battle in which the latter was worsted.
So also was there fierce fighting between Satyaki and Kritavarma and between Virata and Karna. Abhimanyu's valor was also demonstrated as he fought Paurava, Kritavarma, Jayadratha and Salya single-handed and made them withdraw.
Then there was a great combat between Salya and Bhimasena in which Salya was defeated and made to retire. The Kaurava forces began to lose courage and the Pandava army, who saw this, attacked the Kaurava army with renewed energy and broke its ranks.
When Drona saw this, he decided to restore lost morale by leading a straight attack on Yudhishthira. His golden chariot went forward, drawn by four noble Sindhu horses, in the direction of Yudhishthira. Yudhishthira answered with barbed arrows, feathered with eagle-feathers. But Drona did not mind, and advanced at great speed. Yudhishthira's bow was cut down and Drona was coming very near.
Dhrishtadyumna tried to intercept Drona but in vain. The whole army shouted: "Yudhishthira has been taken!" So near came Drona.
Suddenly, then, Arjuna appeared on the battlefield, the earth rumbling under the wheels of his chariot, as it coursed swiftly over the bloody field, over bones and bodies lying in heaps. Drona held back, for Arjuna had come on the scene. From his Gandiva bow issued a continuous stream of arrows. No one could see the shafts taken out of the quiver or placed in position. It seemed as if, from out of the great bow, an unending flood of arrows issued without intermission. The battlefield was darkened by flying missiles.
Drona retreated. Yudhishthira was not taken. The battle was stopped for the day and the Kaurava forces went to their camp in chastened mood.
The Pandava army marched proudly to camp and behind them walked Kesava (Krishna) and Arjuna conversing. Thus closed the eleventh day of the battle.



THE TWELFTH DAY
THE attempt to capture Yudhishthira alive failed. Drona was speaking to Duryodhana about this. "It is clear we cannot succeed in our efforts to seize Yudhishthira so long as Dhananjaya is nearby. It is no want of interest on my part. If by some stratagem we could draw Arjuna away to some other part of the field, I could pierce the Pandava formations and capture Yudhishthira. I promise to seize him and deliver him to you provided he does not flee from the battle, renouncing honor. If he does that, then also we win indeed, do we not?"
The chief of the Trigartadesa who heard Drona say this talked it over with his brothers, and they made a plan. They resolved to take the samsaptaka oath and challenge Arjuna to battle and draw him away from Yudhishthira's side.

Accordingly, together with a large force, they gathered, and sat before the fire, dressed in matted grass, and went through funeral gifts and ceremonies for themselves as if already dead, and took their oath: "Not till we have killed Dhananjaya will we turn back. If we flee in fear from battle, may we be punished as for deadly sin!"
Having adjured themselves thus before the sacred fire, they marched south for that was the direction of Death, and shouted "O Arjuna!" challenging him to battle.
It was a great suicide squad organized to achieve what Drona had pointed out to be essential. Arjuna turned to Yudhishthira and addressed him thus: "King, the samsaptakas are calling me to battle. I am pledged to accept a challenge thus thrown out. Susarma and his men are calling me to battle. I shall destroy them all and return. Permit me to go."
"Brother beloved," said Yudhishthira, "you know Drona's intentions. Keep that in mind and do whatever you think fit. He has promised Duryodhana to take me alive. He is a matchless warrior, brave, strong and skilled in, every branch of archery. He knows no fatigue and nothing escapes his watchful eyes."
"King, here is Satyajit, standing in support of you," replied Arjuna. "As long as he is alive and by you, nothing can happen to you." So saying Arjuna asked the Panchala prince Satyajit to stand guard by Yudhishthira's side and marched off like a hungry lion to meet the samsaptakas.
"There, Krishna, see the Trigartas standing, cheerful under the intoxication of their oath, though they know they go to certain death. Indeed they are full of the exultation of approaching swarga." So speaking to his great charioteer, Arjuna approached the large samsaptaka force.
This was the Twelfth Day of the great battle. It was a fierce fight. After a time, Arjuna's attack began to tell and the Trigartas fell in swathes before him but Susarma reminded them of their oath. "Heroes, we have taken our oaths before the fire and in the presence of the whole army of warriors. Having sworn terrible resolves, it is unworthy to flinch. Let us not fall into public ridicule." The samsaptakas cheered their leader, and faced Arjuna with the sublime courage of accepted deaths.
"Hrishikesa, they are resolved on fighting to the last. Drive on," said Arjuna.
Driven by Madhusudana (Krishna) Arjuna's chariot moved like Indra's car in the great war of the gods against the asuras. It went here and it went there and wherever it went, Arjuna's great bow, the Gandiva, scattered death among the doomed Trigartas.
The burst of blood in their compct ranks was like the burst of Palasa blossoms in a springtime forest. The fighting was severe. At one time Arjuna's car and flagpole were immersed in darkness under the downpour of arrows.
"Are you alive, Dhananjaya?" shouted Krishna.
"Yes," replied Arjuna, and pulling the string of his Gandiva, discharged shafts that dispelled the arrow-shower. It was like the Rudra dance of dissolution. The field was full of severed limbs and headless bodies and presented a terrible spectacle.
As Arjuna proceeded to oppose the samsaptakas, Drona gave orders for a violent assault on the Pandava forces at the point where Yudhishthira stood.
Yudhishthira saw this movement and spoke to the Panchala prince Dhrishtadyumna:
"The brahmana is coming to seize me. Look after the forces with vigilance."
The son of Drupada did not wait for Drona to advance but marched forward in his car himself to meet Drona. Dronacharya avoided Dhrishtadyumna, for well he knew that his death was destined to be at his hands and that death was not yet due. And he wheeled his chariot in another direction where Drupada was leading his forces.
Drupada's forces suffered heavy punishment at Drona's hands and blood flowed in streams on the battlefield. Drona, then, again turned his attention to Yudhishthira. The Pandavas stood firm and answered Drona's attacks with showers of arrows.
Satyajit made a charge on Drona's car and there was a fierce combat in which Drona's figure assumed the grimness of the Destroyer. Many a warrior was slain by him in succession. Vrika, a prince of Panchala, as well as Satyajit, fell dead.
Seeing this, Satanika, son of Virata, marched against Drona. In a moment, Satanika's severed head rolled on the ground with the golden kundalas shining in the earlobes.
Ketama, another chief, followed the attack but he too perished. Then, Vasudhana rushed forward to stop the advance of Drona, but he too fell dead. Yudhamanyu, Satyaki, Sikhandin and Uttamaujas who came to push Drona back, were repulsed and all these great warriors had to retreat. Drona was now almost within reach of Yudhishthira.
At that moment, Panchalya, another son of Drupada, rushed madly up to stop the acharya and fought most desperately. But, he too was mortally wounded and fell from his chariot like a failing star.
Then, Duryodhana was delighted and said exultingly to Karna:
"Radheya, do you see the valor of our mighty leader? No more will the Pandavas be inclined towards battle. See how their army reels under Drona's blows."
Karna shook his head. "Do not be so confident," he said. "The Pandavas are not to be so easily vanquished. They will never surrender. The wrongs they have undergone are too great to be forgotten. You tried to poison and kill them. You tried to burn them alive. You have grieved and humiliated them at the game of dice and you have forced them out to live in the forest for long years. They will not surrender. See there, their army has rallied and all their forces are leading a combined attack on Drona. There, see Bhima, Satyaki, Yudhamanyu, Kshatradharma, Nakula, Uttamaujas, Drupada, Virata, Sikhandin. Dhrishtaketu and other warriors have all come to protect Yudhishthira and are pressing Drona hard. We should not stand idly watching, when we have put such a heavy burden on the acharya. Great as he is, there is a limit to the load even he can carry. Even wolves combined in large numbers can harass and kill a mighty elephant, Let us proceed. It will not do any longer to leave Drona unsupported."



BRAVE BHAGADATTA
DRONA made many attempts to take Yudhishthira prisoner, but failed. Duryodhana led a large elephant division against Bhima. Bhima defended himself from his chariot with well-aimed arrows.
He sent crescent-headed shafts and tore down Duryodhana's flag and cut down his bow even as he held it in his hand. Seeing the king harassed in this manner, the Mlechchha king Anga marched against Bhimasena seated on a huge elephant.
But Bhima sent shafts that laid the elephant low and killed the Mlechchha king, which resulted in scattering that section of the Kaurava forces in fear and confusion. When the elephants stampeded, the horses also took fright and thousands of footmen were trampled under the feet of the elephants and the horses, flying in wild panic.
Seeing this great confusion and the scattering of the Kaurava forces in all directions, the king of Pragjyotisha, the brave Bhagadatta grew indignant.
He got up on his renowned elephant Supratika and charged against Bhimasena. The gigantic beast rushed forward with widespread ears and twirling trunk, crashed into Bhimasena's chariot. And in an instant, horses and vehicle were an unrecognizable mass. But Bhima escaped by jumping off the car in the nick of time.
He knew all about elephants. He got below the great and fierce elephant and showered blows on its vital points. The great beast got mad and whirled round like a potter's wheel, trying to throw off Bhimasena, who was sticking to its legs and attcking it from below.
It bent down and caught Bhima by its trunk and was about to crush him under its knees, when Vrikodara somehow released himself from its hold and again got below, in between its limbs and sticking to the elephant's under-regions, caused exceeding pain to the beast.
Bhima was thus gaining time in the hope that some elephant on the Pandava side would be led to attack Bhagadatta's elephant and enable him to get away.
But, when Bhima disappeared from view, being hidden in between the beast's legs, the soldiers thought Bhima was slain. They exclaimed: "Bhima is dead! Bhagadatta's elephant has crushed Bhimasena!" and the cry was repeated all over Kurukshetra.
Yudhishthira heard the cry and, thinking Bhima was slain, urged the forces to destroy Bhagadatta. The king of Dasarna charged against Bhagadatta. Dasarna's elephant was also a fierce beast and there was great battle between Supratika and Dasarna's elephant.
But Supratika's tusk pierced Dasarna's beast in the side and it crashed down dead. At that moment, Bhima emerged from below Supratika and ran out safe. And the Pandava army cheered when they saw Bhima alive.
Bhagadatta was now attacked on all sides, but he did not lose heart. Resplendent on his elephant, he shone like a forest fire on a hill. Ignoring the enemies around him, he drove his beast on Satyaki's chariot.
The elephant seized the chariot with its great trunk and lifting it high dashed it upside down. Satyaki jumped out of the chariot in time to save himself.
His charioteer displayed great agility and skill and saved the vehicle as well as the horses, and righting the chariot, drove it to where Satyaki stood.
Bhagadatta's elephant wrought great havoc in the Pandava army, hurling warriors about and killing them in great number, striking terror wherever it went. Bhagadatta stood on its back, like Indra on Airavata when he fought the asuras.
With ears spread out rigid in anger and trunk extended in front, the great beast trampled upon numerous horses, chariots and soldiers and wrought destruction all over the Pandava army. The shafts hurled at it seemed only to incense it more.
Like a herdsman in the forest driving the cattle where he would, Bhagadatta drove the soldiers of the Pandava army before him. Bhimasena, equipping himself once again with a chariot, renewed his attack on Bhagadatta.
The elephant stretched out its trunk and blew out a violent spray of mucus that scared the horses of Bhima's chariot and they bolted in wild flight and the charioteer could not check them.
A great cloud of dust rose from the field where this great elephant battle raged. Arjuna saw this from where he was fighting the samsaptakas and he also heard the tumult created by Bhagadatta's elephant.
He feared things had gone wrong and said to Krishna: "Madhusudana, this is the cry of Supratika, Bhagadatta's elephant. This king of Pragjyotisha is terrible with his elephant, and has no equal in that kind of warfare. He is sure to defeat and confound our men. We must proceed at once and save the situation. We have punished these samsaptakas enough. Drive to where Drona is engaging Yudhishthira." Krishna drove the chariot accordingly towards the main battlefront.
Susarma and his brothers came up behind the chariot and shouted "Stop, stop." At the same time, they discharged shafts at Arjuna's chariot.
Arjuna was of two minds.
"Here is Susarma challenging me to battle and I hated declining this kind of invitation, but there, to the north of us, our formation seems broken and our men are in need of immediate relief."
While Arjuna was pondering thus, a javelin came hurtling at Arjuna and another towards Janardana. Wild with anger, Arjuna sent three well-aimed shafts, which compelled Susarma to turn back.
They lost no more time but drove quickly to where Bhagadatta was doing havoc. As soon as Arjuna's car was seen, the Pandava forces rallied and soon Arjuna reached the lines where Bhagadatta was.
Bhagadatta attacked Arjuna on Supratika like the Destroyer incarnate. But Vasudeva's skill avoided the shock, each time the beast charged.
Bhagadatta showered arrows on Arjuna and Krishna. But Arjuna's arrows broke the elephant's armor and began to hurt the beast. Bhagadatta saw that his elephant could no longer stand the attack and he hurled a javelin at Krishna.
Arjuna met it with a shaft from his bow and broke it into two. Bhagadatta then discharged another javelin that struck Dhananjaya's helmet.
Readjusting his helmet, Arjuna bent his bow exclaiming: "Bhagadatta, take your last look at the world and prepare for death!"
Bhagadatta was a veteran of very advanced age. His grey hair and the wrinkles on his noble old face gave him the intrepid appearance of a lion. Indeed, so old was he that the skin hung loose down over his eyes and he had tied its folds over his forehead with a silk kerchief so that they might not interfere with his sight.
Bhagadatta was not more renowned for valor than for purity of character and conduct and was one of the most illustrious among the brave men of his time. Men gave him the title 'Friend of Indra' in recognition of his greatness.
"Look around for the last time," said Arjuna to this great man and hurled at him shafts that broke his bow, shattered his quiver and pierced the joints of his armor.
In those days, all warriors wore heavy armor and the secret of hitting weak points such as joints and moving parts was specially studied by kshatriyas and was an important part of military training.
When deprived of all his weapons, Bhagadatta hurled his elephant goad at Arjuna. It was sent with deadly aim and charged with the Vaishnava mantra.
It would have killed Arjuna, but Krishna came in between and presented himself as a target for the missile. It settled on his chest as a shining necklace.
Charged with the mantra of Vishnu, it could not hurt Vishnu but just became the Lord's jewelled garland round his neck.
"Janardana, how is it you have offered yourself as a target for the enemy's missile? You said you would be charioteer and leave all the fighting to me. How could you do this?" protested Arjuna.
"Beloved Arjuna, you do not understand. This shaft would have killed you if it had hit you. But it is really my own thing and came back to its lawful owner," Krishna said and laughed. Then, Partha sent an arrow that entered the head of Bhagadatta's elephant as a serpent enters into the anthill.
Bhagadatta tried to urge his great beast forward, but it stood stark rigid. And his loud command went in vain even as the words of man, who has lost his wealth, are disregarded by his wife.
Like a great hill the elephant stood rigid for a moment and then it suddenly sank down driving its tusks into the earth and yielded up the ghost with an agonised squeal.
Arjuna was somewhat grieved at the death of the noble animal and for his not having been able to slay Bhagadatta, without killing the beast.
Arjuna's shafts tore the silken napkin that bound up the folds of the aged king's forehead and he was blinded at once by his own hanging wrinkles.
Soon, a sharp crescent-headed shaft came and pierced his chest. And Bhagadatta fell like a great tree in a storm, his golden necklace shining like flowers on the uprooted tree. The Kaurava forces fell into utter confusion.
Sakuni's brothers Vrisha and Achala tried their best to oppose Arjuna and attacked him in front and rear. But their chariots were soon dashed to pieces and they were themselves stricken dead on the field like two lion cubs. They both looked much alike and equally noble in appearance. The poet says that the bodies of these two valiant heroes who did not flee when the rest fled, shed a strange lustre all around. Sakuni was full of anger when he saw his brave and incomparable brothers lying dead on the field.
He attacked Arjuna fiercely and used all the weapons of illusion, in which he was skilled. But Arjuna's strokes broke all the charms and rendered them useless. And Sakuni had to leave the field, as fast as his horses could bear him.
The Pandava forces then attacked Drona's army and wrought great havoc till the sunset, and the twelfth day's fight ended. Drona gave orders to cease fighting and the Kaurava forces, which had lost heavily, retired in sullen dejection to their camp.
The Pandava army, on the other band, was in high spirits and its warriors gathered round campfires in cheerful talk and praise of Arjuna and the other heroes, who had led them to victory.

ABHIMANYU

EARLY next morning, Duryodhana went to Dronacharya in a state of bitterness and anger. After the customary salutation, he addressed him thus in the presence of a large number of generals:

"Esteemed brahmana, Yudhishthira was quite within your reach yesterday and, if you had really wished to take him no one could have prevented you. Yet, you did not take him, and to me the events of yesterday are inexplicable. I cannot understand what makes it hard for you to carry out your promise to me. Verily great men are not understandable."

Dronacharya was exceedingly hurt by this insulting insinuation.

"Duryodhana," he said, "I am putting forth on your be half all the strength and skill I possess. You entertain thoughts unworthy of a king. As long as Arjuna is present, supporting Yudhishthira, it is not possible for us to seize him. I have told you that already. It is only if we manage some how to get Arjuna out of the battlefield that we can hope to carry out this plan as you desire. And I am devising ways to attain this objective."

Thus did Drona nobly conquer his just anger and seek to comfort Duryodhana in his distress.

On the thirteenth day, the samsaptakas again challenged Arjuna to battle and he accordingly went to attack them, where they were arrayed to the south of the main battlefront. The battle that was fought between the samsaptakas and Arjuna was the fiercest that ever had been seen or heard of till that day.

When Dhananjaya left the main front for meeting the samsaptakas, Drona rearranged his army in lotus formation and attacked Yudhishthira fiercely.

Bhima, Satyaki, Chekitana, Dhrishtadyumna, Kuntibhoja, Drupada, Ghatotkacha, Yudhamanyu, Sikhandin, Uttamaujas, Virata, the Kekayas, Srinjayas and many others opposed him. But their resistance seemed paralysed by the violence of Drona's offensive.

Abhimanyu, son of Arjuna and Subhadra, was still adolescent, but had already won recognition as a mighty man-at arms even as the equal of his father and uncle in battle. Yudhishthira called Abhimanyu and said to him:

"Dear son, Dronacharya is attacking our army greatly. Arjuna is absent and, if we should be defeated in his absence, he will be grieved beyond measure. No one among us has been able to break Drona's array. You know you can do it and no one else. I ask you to take up this task."

"I can do it," replied Abhimanyu. "I have been instructed by my father how to penetrate this formation and can certainly do so. But if after forcing my way, it should unfortunately become necessary for me to come out, I shall be at a loss what to do, being as yet uninstructed in the art of extrication."

"Valiant boy, break this impregnable formation and open a passage for us. We shall all break in your wake. We shall be with you to face any danger and no question can arise of your having to come out."

Bhimasena supported Yudhishthira's proposal: "I shall be immediately behind you and enter when you succeed in breaking the enemy's formation. So also will Dhrishtadyumna, Satyaki, the Panchalas, the Kekayas and the forces of Matsyadesa. Only break the formation as you alone can do. We shall do the rest and smash the Kaurava army."

Abhimanyu thought of his father and Krishna. Feeling encouraged by what had been said by Bhimasena and Yudhishthira, and impelled by his own gallant nature, undertook the adventure.

"I shall please my great father and uncle," he said with enthusiasm. "Let my valor be staked on this."

"May your prowess grow," said Yudhishthira and blessed the youth.

"Sumitra, see Drona's flag flying there! Drive straight and fast to that point," said Abhimanyu to his charioteer.

"Faster, faster!" urged Abhimanyu as they sped along.

"May the gods protect you!" said the charioteer. "Yudhishthira has placed a very great burden on your young shoulders. Think well before you pierce Drona's array and enter. The acharya is unrivalled in skill and experience, while you, though his equal in valor, have not his long years to back it."

Abhimanyu smiled and replied: "Friend, I am Krishna's nephew and son of Arjuna, am I not? Which other has that advantage? Fear dares not approach me! These enemies here have not a sixteenth part of my strength. Drive fast towards Drona's division. Do not hesitate."

The charioteer obeyed.

As the golden chariot to which were yoked beautiful young horses approached, the soldiers in the Kaurava army shouted: "Abhimanyu is corning! He has come!" The Pandavas followed Abhimanyu close behind him.

The Kaurava warriors were perturbed as they saw Abhimanyu's chariot approach them with great speed.

"Here is one greater in valor than Arjuna," they thought and began to lose heart.

Like a young lion on a herd of elephants, Abhimanyu rushed on. There was a ripple in the Kaurava ranks which bent under his headlong onslaught.

The bend soon became a break and under Drona's very eyes, the formation was breached and Abhimanyu entered. But the breach closed under the inspiration of Jayadratha, king of the Sindhus, before the other Pandava warriors could force their way in according to plan and Abhimanyu was alone!

Kaurava warriors opposed him, but they fell like moths in the fire, one after another. Abhimanyu's shafts searched the weak points in the armor of his enemies. And the bodies of soldiers lay strewn on the field like Kusa grass on the sacrificial platform.

Bows, arrows, swords, shields, javelins, pieces of harness, chaiot canopies, axes, maces, spears, whips, conchs, along with severed heads and limbs of slain warriors, covered the field.

Seeing the destruction wrought by Abhimanyu, Duryodhana was wroth and rushed in person to oppose the youthful warrior. Drona, having leant that the king himself was engaged in battle with Abhimanyu, became anxious and sent veterans to protect Duryodhana.

With great difficulty, they managed to rescue the king from the boy-hero who greatly disappointed at the escape of Duryodhana, vented his anger on the warriors that had come to rescue him and put them to headlong flight.

Then, throwing away all sense of shame and chivalry, a large number of veteran warriors made a combined and simultaneous attack on the hero, who found himself alone, surrounded by enemies on all sides. But, even as on all sides a rock receives the rising tide of the sea, Arjuna's son withstood this united ouslaught.

Drona, Aswatthama, Kripa, Karna, Sakuni, Salya and many other great warriors in their chariots, equipped with all arms, surged in attack on the young hero, only to be dashed back, baffled and broken.

Asmaka rode his chariot at great speed against Abhimanyu's. But smiling, Abhimanyu sent his shafts and disposed of him in no time. Karna's armor was pierced.

Salya was badly wounded and sat, unable to move, in his chariot. Salya's brother came up in great wrath to avenge his brother's disgrace but he fell and his chariot was broken to pieces.

Thus did Abhimanyu, alone and unsupported, oppose a host of veteran warriors and show the skill in the use of arms which he had learnt from his illustrious father and from Vasudeva, his uncle. Seeing this, the poet says, Dronacharya's eyes were filled with tears of affectionate admiration.

"Was there ever a fighter to equal this boy Abhimanyu?" exclaimed Drona to Kripa, in the hearing of Duryodhana who could not contain his anger.

"The acharya's partiality for Arjuna prevents him from killing Abhimanyu," Duryodhana said, "and he sings his praises instead of fighting him. Indeed, if the acharya were minded to dispose of Abhimanyu, would it take him long to do it!"

Often did Duryodhana suspect and complain in this manner against Bhishma and Drona. Having undertaken a war of adharma, he was often led to speak in this manner and hurt the feelings of the acharyas who stood loyally by him, even when they saw the wickedness of his ways.

Duhsasana roared in anger and exclaiming: "This obstinate lad will perish now!" led his chariot forward to attack Abhimanyu. The chariots of Abhimanyu and Duhsasana made wonderful movement against each other and the battle raged long.

Duhsasana was struck senseless in his car, and his charioteer just managed to drive away from the field saving Duhsasana's life. Karna attacked Abhimanyu with his shafts and harassed him greatly.

But one of Abhimanyu's arrows felled Karna's bow and the young warrior followed up this advantage so vigorously that he put Karna and his supporters to flight. The Kaurava forces, when they saw this, were completely demoralised.

The army was in confusion and men fled in all directions, not caring for Drona's shouts of remonstrance. And Abhimanyu destroyed those that stood, as fire destroys a dry jungle in summer.

THE DEATH OF ABHIMANYU

THE Pandavas, proceeding according to plan, had closely followed Abhimanyu when he broke into the Kaurava formation. But Dhritarashtra's son-in-law Jayadratha, the gallant king of the Sindhus, swooped down upon the Pandavas with all his forces and enabled the breach in the formation to be effectively and solidly closed up, so that the Pandavas found it impossible to force their way in.

Yudhishthira hurled a javelin and cut Jayadratha's bow. But in an instant, the Saindhava took up another bow and sent unerring shafts at Dharmaputra.

Bhimasena's arrows made deadly work, crashing down the canopy and flagstaff of Jayadratha's car. But the Saindhava, was alert and rearmed himself, each time his equipment was broken. He killed Bhima's chariot horses, and the latter had to go into Satyaki's car.

In this manner, Jayadratha, with stubborn valor, prevented the Pandavas from entering in Abhimanyu's wake. The young hero was thus isolated and surrounded by the Kaurava forces.

The son of Subhadra was however undaunted. He attacked all the warriors around him and slew them in great number. Like rivers losing themselves in the ocean, the soldiers that went to attack him, disappeared before his arrows. The Kaurava army reeled under Abhimanyu's onslaughts.

Duryodhana's son Lakshmana, a gallant young warrior, then charged on Abhimanyu. When they saw this, retreating soldiers came back and supported Lakshmana, showering arrows on Abhimanyu, like rain falling on a hill.

Still, Arjuna's son was undaunted and, his shaft came swift and shining, like a serpent fresh-sloughed, and pierced Lakshmana. The handsome youth, with beautiful nose and eyebrows and hair, lay dead on the field and the Kaurava soldiers were filled with grief.

"To hell with the wicked Abhimanyu," shouted Duryodhana, and the six great warriors, Dorna, Kripa, Karna, Aswatthama, Brihatbala and Kritavarma closed upon Abhimanyu.


"It is impossible to pierce this youth's armor," said Drona to Karna. "Aim at the reins of his horses and cut them off. Disable him thus and attack him from behind."

The son of Surya did accordingly. Abhimanyu's bow was broken by a shaft discharged from behind. His horses and charioteer were killed. Thus disabled, the young warrior stood on the field, with sword and shield, facing his enemies.

As he stood dauntless like kshatriya dharma incarnate, he filled the warriors around with amazement. Whirling his sword, he held his own against the numerous warriors who had surrounded him, with a skill that confounded them.

It seemed to them as if his feet did not rest on earth and he was on wings, in the air. Drona sent a shaft that broke Abhimanyu's sword. Karna's sharp arrows tore his shield into bits.

Then Abhimanyu bent down and taking up one of his chariot wheels and whirling it like a discus, stood up facing all the enemies that surrounded him.

The dust from the chariot wheel covered him and the poet says it enhanced the natural beauty of the young hero. He fought fiercely like a second Vishnu with the discus.

But soon, the combined onslaught of the warriors that surrounded him overpowered him. The chariot wheel was shattered to pieces. The son of Duhsasana came up then and closed with him in mortal combat.

Both went down together but Duhsasana's son rose again and, while Abhimanyu was struggling to his feet, struck him with his mace and killed him.

"Subhadra's son who, like an elephant in a lily pond, single-handed worked havoc in the Kaurava army, was thus overpowered by numbers and killed cruelly," said Sanjaya to Dhritarashtra.

"And, having killed him, your people danced around his dead body like savage hunters exulting over their prey. All good men in the army were grieved and tears rolled from their eyes. Even the birds of prey, that circled overhead making noises seemed to cry 'Not thus!' 'Not thus!' "

While there was blowing of conchs and cries of victory all over the Kaurava army, Yuyutsu, the son of Dhritarashtra, did not approve of all this. "This is ignoble," he angrily cried.

"Soldiers, you have forgotten your code. Verily, you should be ashamed but, instead, you shout brazen cries of victory. Having committed a most wicked deed, you revel in foolish joy, blind to the danger that is imminent."

So saying, Yuyutsu threw his weapon away in disgust and left the battlefield. This young son of Dhritarashtra feared sin. His words were not sweet in the Kaurava ears, but he was a good man and spoke out his mind.

A FATHER'S GRIEF

YUDHISHTHIRA was plunged in sorrow. "He has gone to the sleep that knows no waking, he who in battle overcame Drona, Aswatthama and Duryodhana and who was like a destroying fire to enemy forces. O warrior that made Duhsasana flee in fear, are you dead? What then is there for me to fight for or win? Why do we want kingdom now? What words of comfort can I offer to Arjuna? And what shall I say to Subhadra, quivering like a cow bereaved of her calf? How can I utter to them vain words of solace that serve no purpose? Truly, ambition destroys the understanding of men. Like the fool who, looking for honey, falls into a precipitous pit below and is destroyed, in my desire for victory I pushed to the battlefront this boy, whose life was all before him in love and joy. There is no fool like me in the world. I have killed Arjuna's beloved son, instead of protecting him during the absence of his father."

Thus was Yudhishthira lamenting in histent. Around him were sitting warriors, silent in sorrowful thought of the valor of the youthful hero and his cruel death. It was always the custom with Vyasa to come and comfort the Pandavas, whenever they were in great sorrow.

He was their great teacher as well as grandsire. So he appeared now before Yudhishthira. The sage was received with all honor and Yudhishthira, having made him sit, said: "I have tried very hard to find peace of mind, but I am unable to find it."

"You are wise and a knower," said Vyasa, "and it is not meet that you should allow yourself to be lost in grief in this manner. Knowing the nature of death, it is not right that you should grieve like the unlearned."

Vyasa proceeded to console the bereaved Dharmaputra: "When Brahma created living beings, he was filled with anxiety. These lives will multiply and soon their number will be beyond the capacity of the earth to bear. There seems to be no way of coping with this. This thought of Brahma grew into a flame which became bigger and bigger until it threatened to destroy all creation at once. Then Rudra came and pleaded for allaying this destructive fire. Brahma controlled the great fire and subdued it into the law that is known to mortals as Death. This law of the creator takes many forms, such as war or sickness or accident and keeps the balance between birth and death. Death is thus an inescapable law of existence, ordained for the good of the world. It is not true wisdom to be impatient with Death or to grieve immoderately for those who die. There is no reason to pity those who pass away. We may have reason indeed to grieve for those who remain." After saying these words of solace, Krishna Dwaipayana retired.

Dhananjaya and Krishna were proceeding towards their camp after defeating and slaying the samsaptakas.

"Govinda, I do not know why," said Arjuna, "but my mind is not at ease. My mouth feels parched and my heart is troubled with a great foreboding of loss. I wonder if any calamity has happened to Yudhishthira. Something makes me afraid, Krishna."

"Do not be concerned about Yudhishthira," replied Krishna."He and your other brothers are safe." On the way, they halted and did the evening prayers. Remounting the chariot, they proceeded to the camp. As they approached the camp, Arjuna's premonitions of calamity increased.

"Janardana, we do not hear the usual auspicious music in the camp. The soldiers, seeing me from a distance, hang down their heads and avoid my sight. This is strange behavior on their part. O Madhava, I fear greatly. Do you think my brothers are safe? I am confused. How is it Abhimanyu does not run out to meet us today as usual, accompanied by his brothers?"

They entered the camp.

"Why are you all wearing sad faces? I do not see Abhimanyu here. How is it I see no glad faces? I understood that Drona arrayed his army in the lotus formation. No one among you could pierce it as far as I know. Did Abhimanyu force his way in? If so, he is dead, for I did not teach him how to make his way out of that formation. Has he been slain indeed?"

When their mournful silence, and downcast eyes, that dared not meet his, had confirmed his worst fears, the bereaved father burst into heart-broken lamentation.

"Alas, has my dear boy indeed become Yama's guest? Yudhishthira, Bhimasena, Dhrishtadyumna and great Satyaki have all of you allowed the son of Subhadra to be slain by the enemy? Alas! What comfort shall I give to Subhadra? What shall. I say to Draupadi? And what solace can be given to Uttara and who shall give it?"

Vasudeva spoke to his stricken friend. "Beloved Arjuna," he said, "do not give way thus to grief. Born as kshatriyas we have to live and die by weapons. Death is ever the companion of those who have taken up the profession of arms and go into battle, determined not to retreat. Warriors must be ever ready to die young. Abhimanyu, boy as he was, has attained the happy regions above which grey haired veterans yearn to reach in battle. Abhimanyu's end is indeed the prescribed and much desired goal of all kshatriyas. If you give way to grief in this inordinate way, your brothers and other kings will lose heart. Stop grieving and infuse courage and fortitude into the hearts of the others,"

Dhananjaya desired to be told the full story of his brave son's end and Yudhishthira related it: "I incited Abhimanyu to enter the enemy's formation. For I knew that he alone could do it among all of us. 'Make your way into the lotus array and we shall follow immediately behind you. This great deed of yours will please the hearts of your father and your uncle,' I said. The youthful hero did accordingly and broke the great formation and made his way in. We went behind him according to plan. But, just then, the wicked Jayadratha came and effectively stopped us. He caused the breach in the formation to be closed up at once and we found ourselves unable to follow Abhimanyu. The Sindhu kept us out, and then, Oh, shame on kshatriyas who could do this! A crowd of redoubtable warriors hemmed him in, thus isolated, and slew him."

When he heard the full story, Arjuna was again over whelmed by grief and he fell on the ground in a swoon.

When he recovered, he took an oath: "Before sunset tomorrow, I shall slay this Jayadratha who caused my son's death. If Drona and Kripa come between him and me these acharyas also shall be overwhelmed and slain!"

Saying this, he twanged the Gandiva string, and Krishna blew the Panchajanya. And Bhima said:

"This twang of Arjuna's bow and this blare of Krishna's conch shall be, unto the sons of Dhritarashtra, the summons of Death!"

THE SINDHU KING

NEWS of Arjuna's oath reached the enemy. The spies informed Duryodhana's friends that Arjuna, having learnt that Jayadratha was the cause of Abhimanyu's death, had vowed to kill the Sindhu king before sunset next day.

Vriddhakshatra, the illustrious king of the Sindhus, was blessed with a son, who was named Jayadratha. At the time of the birth of the prince, a voice was heard to say: "This prince will attain great glory and he will attain the happy regions above, slain in battle. One who, among the warriors of all ages, ranks among the most illustrious will, in the field of battle, sever his head from the body."

All living beings must die but hardly any, however wise or brave, welcome it. Vriddhakshatra was grieved to hear the voice declare his son's end.

In his disturbed state of mind, he uttered a curse: "He, who shall cause my son's head to roll down on the ground, shall have his head burst at that very moment into fragments."

Jayadratha grew up and, when he reached manhood, Vriddhakshatra handed over the care of the State to the prince. He retired to the forest, where he spent the evening of his days in austerities in an ashrama near the plain, which afterwards became the Kurukshetra field of battle.

When Jayadratha came to know about Arjuna's vow, he remembered the prediction about his death and feared his end was near.

"I do not want to be in this battle any longer. Let me go back to my country," he said to Duryodhana.

"Do not fear, Saindhava," replied Duryodhana. "Here are all these veterans and warriors who will stand between you and danger. Karna, Chitrasena, Vivimsati, Bhurisravas, Salya, Vrishasena, Purumitra, Jaya, Bhoja, Kamboja, Sudakshina, Satyavrata, Vikarna, Durmukha, Duhsasana, Subahu, Kalinga, the Avanti princes, Drona, Drona's illustrious son and Sakuni all these warriors and I myself are here and you cannot be in danger. The whole of my army will have but one task today, to defend you against Arjuna. You should not leave us now." Jayadratha agreed to remain. He went to Drona and said to him:

"Master, you taught me and Arjuna and you know us both well. What is your appraisal of us two?"

"Son, I discharged my duties as teacher and dealt with you both impartially. The instruction was the same to you and to Arjuna, but Arjuna excels because of his superior discipline and his own practice. But, you need not be discouraged by this. You will be placed behind a strong force that Arjuna cannot easily pierce. Fight according to the tradition of your ancestors. Death comes to us all, cowards as well as brave men. And the warrior dying in battle attains with ease the happy regions which others only attain with great difficulty. Discard fear and fight."

Drona, having spoken thus to Jayadratha, proceeded to marshal the forces for the next day. Twelve miles to the rear of the main army Jayadratha and his detachment were placed in a strongly guarded position.

Bhurisravas, Karna, Aswatthama, Salya, Vrishasena and Kripa were there with all their forces. Between them and the Pandava army, Dronacharya arrayed the main Kaurava forces in circular formation.

Durmarshana's army was beaten. Like clouds driven about by a gale, the Kaurava forces were scattered and fled in all directions. When Duhsasana saw this, his anger rose.

Leading a huge force of elephants he surrounded Arjuna. Duhsasana was a very wicked man but he was brave also. He fought Arjuna fiercely and the field was strewn with the dead. Finally, he withdrew defeated and went back to join Drona's forces.

Savyasachi's car swiftly proceeded forward and passed Drona. "Illustrious one, grieving for my son, I have come to wreak vengeance on the Sindhu king. I crave your blessings for the fulfilment of my vow," said Arjuna to the acharya.

The acharya smiled and said: "Arjuna, you must first fight and defeat me before you can reach Jayadratha." Saying this Drona discharged a shower of arrows on Arjuna's car. Partha also replied with his arrows but these the acharya parried with ease and sent flaming shafts that hit Krishna and Arjuna.

The Pandava then decided to cut Drona's bow and bent his Gandiva for that purpose. Even as he was pulling his bowstring Drona's shaft came and cut the string.

The acharya, still retaining the smile on his face, rained a shower of arrows on Arjuna and his horses and chariot. Arjuna fought back, but the acharya showered his arrows that covered Arjuna and his chariot in darkness.

Krishna saw things were not going at all well and said: "Partha, no more waste of time. Let us proceed. It is no use fighting this brahmana, who seems to know no fatigue." Saying this, Krishna drove Arjuna's chariot to the left of the acharya and proceeded forward.

"Stop, surely you will not proceed without defeating your enemy," said Drona.

"You are my guru, not my enemy, O acharya. I am in the position of a son to you. There is no one in the wide world that can defeat you," said Arjuna and they proceeded forward at a swift pace bypassing Drona.

Then Arjuna pierced the Bhoja army. Kritavarma and Sudakshina who opposed his passage were defeated. Srutayudha also tried to stop Arjuna's progress. There was a fierce battle in which Srutayudha lost his horses and he hurled his mace at Krishna.

His mother had obtained this mace as a result of her offering but the condition attached to the boon operated and it came back and struck Srutayudha himself dead. This is the story of the mace.

Parnasa went through penances that pleased Varuna and obtained from that god a boon that her son Srutayudha may not be killed by any enemy.

"I shall give your son a divine weapon. Let him use it in all his battles. No enemy will be able to defeat him or kill him. But he should not use the weapon against one who does not fight. If he does, the weapon will recoil and kill him. Saying this, god Varuna gave a mace. Srutayudha, when fighting Arjuna, disregarding the injunction, hurled the mace at Krishna who was not fighting but was only driving Arjuna's chariot.

The missile hit Janardana's chest and immediately rebounded fiercely back to Srutayudha. And like a demon recoiling fatally on the magician, that commits an error in uttering the spell of power that holds it in thrall, it slew Srutayudha and laid him dead on the field, like a great forest tree blown down by a storm.

Then the king of Kamboja led his forces against Arjuna. After a fierce fight, he lay stretched dead on the field like a great flagstaff after the festival is over.

When they saw the strong warriors, Srutayudha and the king of Kamboja, slain, the Kaurava force was in great confusion.

Srutayu and his brother Asrutayu then attacked Partha on both sides trying to save the situation, and greatly harassed him. At one stage of this battle, Arjuna leaned on the flagstaff, dazed with the wounds he received.

But Krishna spoke to him encouragingly and Arjuna recovered and resumed the fight, slaying the two brothers as well as their two sons who continued the struggle. Arjuna marched on and, killing many more warriors successfully made his way to Jayadratha.

BORROWED ARMOR

WHEN Dhritarashtra heard Sanjaya relate the success of Arjuna, he exclaimed: "Oh Sanjaya! When Janardana came to Hastinapura seeking a settlement, I told Duryodhana that it was a great opportunity and he must not lose it. I told him to make peace with his cousins. 'Kesava has come to do us a good turn. Do not disregard his advice,' I said. But Duryodhana heeded not. What Karna and Duhsasana said seemed to him better advice than mine. The Destroyer entered his mind and he sought his own ruin. Drona deprecated war, so also did Bhishma, Bhurisravas, Kripa and others. But my obstinate son would not listen. Impelled by inordinate ambition, he got entangled in anger and hatred, and invited this ruinous war."

To Dhritarashtra thus lamenting, Sanjaya said: "Of what avail are your regrets now? The life-giving water has all run to waste and you now seek to stop the breach. Why did you not prevent the son of Kunti from gambling? Had you done the right thing then, all this great grief would have been stopped at the source. Even later, if you had been firm and stopped your son from his evil ways, this calamity could have been avoided. You saw the evil and yet, against your own sound judgment, you followed the foolish advice of Karna and Sakuni. Kesava, Yudhishthira and Drona do not respect you now as they did before. Vasudeva now knows that your rectitude is only hypocrisy. The Kauravas are now doing their utmost as warriors, but they are unequal to opposing the strength of Arjuna, Krishna, Satyaki and Bhima. Duryodhana has not spared himself. He is putting forth his utmost strength. It is not meet that you should now accuse him or his devoted soldiers."

"Dear Sanjaya, I admit my dereliction of duty. What you say is right. No one can change the course of fate. Tell me what happened. Tell me all, be it ever so unpleasant," said the old king convulsed with grief. And obedient to the old king's behest, Sanjaya continued his narration.

Duryodhana was greatly agitated when he saw Arjuna's chariot proceeding triumphantly towards the Sindhu king. He rushed to Drona and complained bitterly:

"Arjuna has effected a breach in the great army and has advanced to Jayadratha's position. Seeing our discomfiture, the warriors, protecting the Sindhu king, will surely lose heart. They had believed that it was impossible for Arjuna to get past you and that has now been falsified. He advanced before your eyes and nothing was done to prevent it. You seem indeed bent on helping the Pandavas. I am in great distress of mind. Sir, tell me, in what matter have I offended you? Why are you letting me down in this way? If I had known that you would do this, I should not have asked Jayadratha to stay here. It was a great mistake I committed in not letting him go, as he desired, back to his own country. If Arjuna attacks him, it is not possible for him to escape death. Forgive me. I am talking foolishly, distracted by grief. Do go in person yourself to save the Saindhava."

To this frantic appeal Drona made answer: "King, I shall not take offence at your thoughtless and unworthy remarks. You are like a son to me. Aswatthama himself is not dearer! Do what I ask you. Take this coat of armor and, donning it, go and stop Arjuna. I cannot do so for my presence is necessary in this part of the field. See there, the clouds of arrows! The Pandava army is attacking us in great force. Yudhishthira is here unsupported by Arjuna and is this not just the opportunity we wanted? Our very plan has borne fruit and I must now take Yudhishthira prisoner and deliver him to you. I cannot give up this objective and run after Phalguna now. If I go after Arjuna now, our battle array will be hopelessly broken and we shall be lost. Let me put this armor on you. Go in confidence. Do not fear. You have valor, skill and experience. This coat will protect you against all weapons. It will not let any blow pass through your body. Go forth to battle, Duryodhana, in confidence as Indra did, clad in the armor given by Brahma. May victory be yours." Duryodhana's confidence was restored and, as the acharya directed, he went, dressed in magic armor and accompanied by a large force of soldiers, to attack Arjuna.

Arjuna had crossed the Kaurava army and gone far ahead towards where Jayadratha had been kept for safety. Seeing that the horses were somewhat fatigued, Krishna stopped the chariot and was about to unyoke the tired animals, when the brothers Vinda and Anuvinda came up suddenly and began to attack Arjuna.

They were defeated and Arjuna scattered their forces and slew them both. After this, Krishna unyoked the chariot and let the horses roll in the mud. The horses rested for a while and were refreshed. Then, they proceeded again according to plan.

"Dhananjaya, look behind! There comes the foolhardy Duryodhana. What good luck! Long have you suppressed your anger, and now is the time for you to let yourself go. Here is the man who caused all this grief, delivering himself into your hands. But remember he is a great archer, well-versed in bow lore, and also a keen and strong-limbed fighter." Thus said Krishna and they halted to give battle to the Kaurava.

Duryodhana approached without fear.

"They say, Arjuna, that you have done acts of prowess. I have not seen this myself. Let me see if your courage and your skill are indeed as great as your reputation," said Duryodhana to Arjuna as he began to battle.

The combat was fierce indeed and Krishna was surprised.

"Partha, I am astonished," said Krishna, "How is it your arrows do not seem to hurt Duryodhana? This is the first time I see the shafts proceeding from the Gandiva bow strike their targets without effect. This is strange, Have your arms lost their power? Or has the Gandiva bow lost its quality? Why do your arrows strike Duryodhana and drop to the ground without piercing him? This is most puzzling."


Arjuna smiled and replied: "I understand. This man has come dressed by Drona in charmed armor. The acharya has taught me the secret of this armor, but this man wears it as a bullock might do. You will see some fun now!"

Saying thus, Arjuna proceeded to shoot his arrows, first depriving Duryodhana of his horses, his charioteer and his car. Then, Arjuna broke his bow and disarmed him completely. There after he sent needle-eye darts which pierced just those parts of Duryodhana's body that were not covered by armor, until he could bear it no longer and turned and fled.

When Duryodhana was thus discomfited, Krishna blew his conch and it sent a thrill of fear in Jayadratha's army. The warriors around the Sindhu king were surprised. They at once got ready in their chariots and Bhurisravas, Chala, Karna, Vrishasena, Kripa, Salya, Aswatthama and Jayadratha, eight of them, arrayed their forces against Arjuna.

YUDHISHTHIRA'S MISGIVINGS

WHEN the Pandavas saw Duryodhana proceeding in the direction of Arjuna, they attacked the Kaurava army in force so as to hold Drona and prevent him from going to Jayadratha's rescue.

So, Dhrishtadyumna led his forces repeatedly against Drona. As a result of all this, the Kaurava army had to fight on three fronts, and was greatly weakened.

Driving his chariot right against Drona's, Dhrishtadyumna attacked him violently. Drona's chestnut horses and the Panchala's dove-colored ones were entangled with one another and presented a picturesque sight like the clouds at sunset.

Dhrishtadyumna threw away his bow and, sword and shield in hand, he sprang upon Drona's chariot. Now standing on the shafts of the vehicle, now on the horses and now on the yoke, he attacked Drona bewilderingly, all the while seeming to scorch him with baleful and bloodshot eyes.

Long did this fight go on. Drona pulled his bow in great wrath and sent a shaft, which would have drunk the Panchala's life but for the unexpected intervention of Satyaki who sent an arrow and diverted the acharya's shaft.

Drona then turned and attacked Satyaki, which enabled the Panchala warriors to take Dhrishtadyumna away. Drona, hissing like a black cobra, his eyes red with anger, advanced on Satyaki who was among the front rank warriors on the Pandava side and who, when he saw Drona desiring battle, went forward to accept the challenge.

"Here is the man who, giving up his vocation as a brahmana has taken up the profession of fighting and is causing distress to the Pandavas," Satyaki said to his charioteer. "This man is the principal cause of Duryodhana's arrogance. This man fancies himself a very great soldier and is ever bursting with conceit. I must teach him a lesson. Take the chariot up quickly."

Satyaki's charioteer accordingly lashed the silver-white horses and took the car at a great pace. Satyaki and Drona shot shafts at one another so quick that they covered the sun, and the battlefield was in darkness for a while. The steel shafts swished glimmering like newly-sloughed snakes rushing about.

The chariot hoods and the flagstaffs on both sides were battered down. Drona as well as Satyaki were bleeding profusely. The warriors on either side stood still watching the duel and they did not blow their conchs or raise their war cries or sound their lion-roars.

The Devas, Vidyadharas, Gandharvas and Yakshas watched the great battle from above. Drona's bow was broken by a well-aimed shaft from Satyaki, and the son of Bharadwaja had to take another bow and, even as he strung it, Satyaki shot it down again. Drona took up another bow that too was shot down.

And so it went on till Drona lost a hundred and one bows without being able to shoot an arrow. The great acharya said to himself: "This man Satyaki is a warrior in the class of Sri Rama, Kartavirya, Dhananjaya and Bhishma,"and was glad he had an opponent worthy of him.

It was a craftsman's professional joy at skill displayed in the art he loved. For every specially-charged shaft that Drona sent, Satyaki had a ready answer of equivalent quality. Long did this equal combat continue. Drona of unrivalled skill in archery then resolved on killing Satyaki and sent the fire astra. But Satyaki saw this and, losing no time, sent the Varuna astra to counteract it.

But now Satyaki's strength began to fail and, seeing this, the Kaurava warriors were glad and shouted in satisfaction. When Yudhishthira saw Satyaki was hard pressed, he told those nearby to go to Satyaki's relief. "Our great and good hero Yuyudhana (Satyaki) is being overpowered by Drona. You should go there at once," he said to Dhrishtadyumna.

"The brahmana will otherwise slay Satyaki in a few minutes. Why are you hesitating? Go at once. Drona is playing with Satyaki as a cat plays with a bird. Satyaki is indeed in the paws of the Destroyer." Yudhishthira ordered the army to make a powerful attack on Drona. Satyaki was saved with difficulty. Just then, the sound of Krishna's conch was heard from the sector where Arjuna was fighting.

"O Satyaki, I hear Panchajanya," cried Yudhishthira; "but the twang of Arjuna's bow does not accompany it. I fear Arjuna has been surrounded by Jayadratha's friends and is in danger. Arjuna is opposed by forces both in front of him and in his rear. He pierced the Kaurava ranks in the morning and he has not come back yet though the greater part of the day is gone. How is it that only Krishna's conch is heard? I fear Dhananjaya has been slain and therefore Krishna has taken up arms. Satyaki, there is nothing you cannot accomplish. Your bosom friend Arjuna, he, who taught you, is in mortal danger. Often has Arjuna spoken to me admiringly of your great skill and prowess. 'There is not another soldier like Satyaki,' he said to me when we were in the forest. Oh, look there! The dust is rising that side. I am certain Arjuna has been surrounded. Jayadratha is a powerful warrior, and there are many enemy warriors there helping him and resolved to die in defence of him. Go at once, Satyaki." Thus did Dharmaputra speak in great trepidation.

Satyaki, who was weary after his battle with Drona, replied: "Faultless among men, I shall obey your command. What would I not do for Dhananjaya's sake? My life is the merest trifle in my eyes. If you order me, I am ready to fight the gods themselves. But allow me to put before you what the wise Vasudeva and Arjuna told me when they left. 'Until we return after slaying Jayadratha you should not leave Yudhishthira's side. Be vigilant in protecting him. We entrust this to you in confidence and go. There is only one warrior in the Kaurava army whom we fear, and he is Drona. You know his sworn intention. We go leaving Dharmaputra's safety in our hands.' Thus said Vasudeva and Arjuna to me when they went. Arjuna laid this trust on me, believing me fit for it. How can I disregard his command? Do not have any fear about Arjuna's safety. No one can defeat him. The Sindhu king and the others cannot cope with a sixteenth part of Arjuna. Dharmaputra, to whom shall I entrust your safety if I must go? I see no one here who can stand against Drona if he comes to seize you. Do not ask me to go. Consider well before you command me to leave."

"Satyaki," replied Yudhishthira, "I have thought over it. As I have weighed the danger against the need and I have concluded that you must go. You leave me with my full permission. Here is the powerful Bhima to look to my safety. There is Dhrishtadyumna also, and there are many others besides. There is no need to worry about me."

So saying, Yudhishthira placed a boxful of arrows and other weapons in Satyaki's chariot and got fresh horses yoked thereto and sent Satyaki uttering benedictions on him.

"Bhimasena, Yudhishthira is your charge. Be vigilant," said Satyaki, and went to join Dhananjaya.

Satyaki met with violent resistance as he proceeded to dash through the Kaurava forces. But he cut his way through bearing down all opposition. But the resistance was very stiff and his progress was slow.

When Drona saw Satyaki part from Yudhishthira, he began to assault the Pandava formation without rest or interval, until it began to break and retreat. Yudhishthira was greatly agitated.

YUDHISHTHIRA'S FOND HOPE

"ARJUNA has not returned, nor has Satyaki, who was sent after him. Bhima, my fear grows. I hear the Panchajanya, but not the twang of Arjuna's bowstring. Satyaki, that bravest and most loyal of friends, has not come back with any tidings. My anxiety is increasing every moment," said Yudhishthira to Bhima in great perplexity of mind.

"I have never seen you so agitated," replied Bhimasena. "Do, not let your fortitude grow less. Command me as you please. Do not let the wheels of your mind stick in the mud of anxiety."

"Dearest Bhima, I fear your brother has been slain, and it seems to me Madhava has now himself taken up arms. I hear the conch of Madhava but I hear not the resounding twang of Gandiva. I fear Dhananjaya, the unrivalled hero, in whom were centerd all our hopes, has been killed. My mind is confused. If you would do as I tell you, go at once to where Arjuna is. Join him and Satyaki, and do what needs to be done, and come back. Satyaki, under orders from me, pierced the Kaurava ranks and proceeded in the direction of Arjuna. You go now, and do likewise and, if you indeed see them alive, I shall know it by your lion-roar."

"My Lord, do not grieve. I shall go and let you know they are safe," said Bhima, and immediately turning to Dhrishtadyumna said: "Panchala, you know very well that Drona is seeking, by some means or other, to seize Dharmaputra alive. Our foremost duty is to protect the King. But I must also obey him and fulfil his command. And so I go, trusting him to your care."

"Bhima, do not be concerned. Go with an assured mind. Drona cannot take Yudhishthira without first killing me," said the heroic son of Drupada, sworn enemy of Drona. And Bhima hurried away.

The Kauravas surrounded Bhima in full force and vowed to prevent him from going to Arjuna's relief. But like a lion scattering less noble beasts he put his enemies to flight, killing no less than eleven of the sons of Dhritarashtra. Bhima then approached Drona himself. "Stop," cried Drona. "Here I am, your enemy. You cannot proceed further without defeating me. Your brother Arjuna went in with my consent. But I cannot let you go." Drona spoke thus believing that he would receive the same courtesy from Bhima as he did from Arjuna. But Bhima was furious at hearing these words of Drona, and answered scornfully.

"Oh brahmana, it was not with your permission that Arjuna went. He broke your resistance and pierced your battle lines fighting his way through, but he did not hurt you out of pity. But I shall not, like Arjuna, show mercy to you. I am your enemy. Once upon a time, you were our preceptor and were like a father to us. We respected you as such. Now, you have yourself said you are our enemy. May it be so!" Saying this, Bhima aimed his mace at Drona's chariot that crumbled to pieces. And Drona had to take to another chariot.

The second chariot too was broken to pieces. And Bhima forced his way through overcoming all opposition. Drona lost eight chariots that day. And the army of the Bhojas, that tried to stop Bhima, was completely destroyed.

He proceeded mowing down all opposition and reached where Arjuna was fighting Jayadratha's forces.

As soon as he saw Arjuna, Bhima roared like a lion. Hearing that roar, Krishna and Arjuna were exceedingly pleased and raised yells of joy. Yudhishthira heard these roars and, relieved of his doubts and anxieties, he pronounced blessings on Arjuna. And he thought within himself:


"Before the sun sets today, Arjuna's oath will be fulfilled. He will slay the man who caused Abhimanyu's death and will return in triumph. Duryodhana may sue for peace after Jayadratha's death. Seeing so many of his brothers slain, it is possible that foolish Duryodhana may see light. The lives of numerous kings and great warriors have been sacrificed on the field of battle and even the stubborn and narrow-visioned Duryodhana may now see his fault and ask for peace. Will this indeed happen? The great grandsire Bhishma has been offered as a sacrifice. Will this wicked enmity end with it and shall we be saved from further cruel destruction?"

While thus Yudhishthira was fondly hoping and dreaming of peace, the battle was raging with great fury where Bhima, Satyaki and Arjuna were engaging the enemy.

Only the Lord knows through what travail the world must evolve. His ways are inscrutable.

KARNA AND BHIMA
ARJUNA had left Yudhishthira behind to repel Drona's attacks and had gone to make good his word that before sunset Jayadratha would lie dead on the field of battle. 

Jayadratha had been the main cause of Abhimanyu's death. He it was who had effectively prevented the relief of Abhimanyu by the Pandavas, and thereby caused Abhimanyu to be isolated, overpowered and slain.
We have seen how Yudhishthira in his anxiety sent first Satyaki and then Bhima to join Arjuna in his battle against Jayadratha. Bhima reached where Arjuna was engaged and sounded his simhanada (lion-roar). Dharmaputra heard the lion-roar of Bhima and knew that Arjuna was found alive.
It was the fourteenth day and the battle raged fiercely at many points, between Satyaki and Bhurisravas at one place, between Bhima and Karna at another and between Arjuna and Jayadratha at a third.
Drona remained at the main front resisting the attack of the Panchalas and the Pandavas, and leading a counter-offensive against them.
Duryodhana arrived with his forces at the sector where Arjuna attacked Jayadratha, but was soon defeated and turned back. The battle thus raged long and furiously on more than one front. The armies were so deployed that each side was exposed to danger in its rear. 

Duryodhana was speaking to Drona:
"Arjuna, Bhima and Satyaki have treated us with contempt and proceeded successfully to Jayadratha's sector and they are pressing hard on the Sindhu king. It is indeed strange that, under your command, our battle array should have been broken and our plans completely foiled. Everyone asks how it is that the great Drona with all his mastery of the science of war has been so badly outmaneuvered. What answer shall I make? I have been betrayed by you."
Duryodhana thus, once again, bitterly reproached Drona, who replied unperturbed:
"Duryodhana, your accusations are as unworthy as they are contrary to truth. There is nothing to be gained by talking about what is past and beyond repair. Think of what is to be done now."
"Sir, it is for you to advise me. Tell me what should be done. Give your best consideration to the difficulties of the situation and decide and let us do it quickly." Puzzled and perplexed, thus did Duryodhana plead.
Drona replied: "My son, the situation is no doubt serious. Three great generals have advanced, outmanoeuvring us. But they have as much reason to be anxious as we, for their rear is now left as open to attack as ours. We are on both sides of them and their position is not therefore safe. Be heartened, go up to Jayadratha again, and do all you can to support him. It is of no avail to dishearten oneself by dwelling on past defeats and difficulties. It is best I stay here and send you reinforcements as and when required. I must keep the Panchalas and Pandava army engaged here. Otherwise, we shall be wholly destroyed."
Accordingly, Duryodhana went with fresh reinforcements again to where Arjuna was directing his attack on Jayadratha.
The narrative of the fourteenth day's fighting at Kurukshetra shows that, even in the Mahabharata times, the modern tactics of turning and enveloping movements was not unknown.

The advantages and risks of such strategy appear to have been fully understood and discussed even in those days. Arjuna's flanking manoeuvres perplexed his enemies greatly. The story of that day's battle between Bhima and Karna reads very much like a chapter from the narrative of a modern war.
Bhima did not desire to fight Karna or remain long engaged with him. He was eager to reach where Arjuna was. But Radheya would, by no means, permit him to do this. He showered his arrows on Bhimasena and stopped him from proceeding.
The contrast between the two warriors was striking. Karna's handsome lotus-like face was radiant with smiles when he attacked Bhima saying: "Do not show your back," "Now, do not flee like a coward," and so on.
Bhima was all anger when taunted in this manner. He was maddened by Karna's smiles. The battle was fierce but Karna did everything with a smiling air of ease whereas Bhima's face glowed with rage and his movements were violent.
Karna would keep at a distance and send his well-aimed shafts but Bhima would disregard the arrows and javelins failing thick upon him and always try to close with Karna.
Radheya did everything he did, calmly and with graceful ease, whereas Bhimasena fumed and fretted with impatience, as he showed his amazing strength of limb.
Bhima was red with bleeding wounds all over and presented the appearance of an Asoka tree in full blossom. But he minded them not, as he attacked Karna cutting bows in twain and smashing his chariot. 

When Karna had to run for a fresh chariot, there was no smile on his face. For anger rose in him, like the sea on a full moon day, as he attacked Bhima. Both showed the strength of tigers and the speed of eagles and their anger was now like that of serpents in a fury.
Bhima brought before his mind all the insults and injuries which he and his brothers and Draupadi had suffered, and fought desperately, caring not for life.
The two cars dashed against each other and the milk white horses of Karna's chariot and Bhimasena's black horses jostled in the combat like clouds in a thunderstorm.
Karna's bow was shattered and his charioteer reeled and fell. Karna then hurled a javelin at Bhima. But Bhima parried it and continued pouring his arrows on Karna, who had taken up a fresh bow.
Again and again did Karna lose his chariot. Duryodhana saw Karna's plight and calling his brother Durjaya said: "This wicked Pandava will kill Karna. Go at once and attack Bhima and save Karna's life."
Durjaya went as ordered and attacked Bhima who, in a rage sent seven shafts which sent Durjaya's horses and his charioteer to the abode of Yama and Durjaya himself fell mortally wounded.
Seeing his bleeding body wriggling on the ground like a wounded snake, Karna was overwhelmed with grief and circled round the hero, paying mournful honor to the dead.

Bhima did not stop but continued the fight and greatly harassed Karna. Karna once again had to find a fresh chariot. He sent well aimed shafts and hit Bhima who in a fury hurled his mace at Karna and it crashed on Karna's chariot and killed his charioteer and horses and broke the flagstaff. Karna now stood on the ground with bent bow.
Duryodhana now sent another brother to relieve Karna. Durmukha went accordingly and took Karna on his chariot.
Seeing yet another son of Dhritarashtra come to offer himself up to death, Bhima licked his lips in gusto and sent nine shafts on the newly arrived enemy. And, even as Karna climbed up to take his seat in the chariot, Durmukha's armor was broken and he fell lifeless.
When Karna saw the warrior bathed in blood and lying dead by his side, he was again overwhelmed with grief and stood motionless for a while.
Bhima relentlessly continued his attack on Karna. His sharp arrows pierced Karna's coat of armor and he was in pain.
But he too at once returned the attack and wounded Bhima all over.
Still the Pandava would not stop and attacked Karna furiously. The sight of so many of Duryodhana's brothers dying for his sake one after another was too much for Karna.
This, and the physical pain of his own wounds made him lose courage and he turned away defeated. But, when Bhima stood up on the field of battle red with wounds all over like a flaming fire and emitted a triumphant yell, he could not brook it but returned to the combat.


PLEDGE RESPECTED

DHRITARASHTRA, hearing of the slaughter of his sons and the check received by Karna, was desolate. "O Sanjaya, like moths falling in the fire, my sons are being destroyed. The stubborn Duryodhana has led the lads Durmukha and Durjaya, to their doom. Alas, I have lost these boys! The fool said: 'Karna, unrivalled among men for courage and the accomplishment of war, is on our side. Who then can defeat us? Even the gods cannot win a battle against me when Karna is on my side. What can these Pandavas do to me?' But now he has seen Karna beating a retreat when Bhimasena attacked him. Has he seen wisdom at least now? Alas, Sanjaya, my son has earned the undying hatred of the son of Vayu, Bhima, who has the strength of the god of death! We are indeed ruined!"

Sanjaya replied: "O king, was it not you who brought about this unquenchable hatred, listening to the words of your foolish and stubborn son? To you indeed must be traced this greater disaster. You are now but reaping the fruit of your discarding the advice of Bhishma and the other elders. Blame yourself, king. Do not blame Karna and the brave warriors who have done their best in battle."


After thus admonishing the blind king, Sanjaya proceeded to tell him what happened. Five sons of Dhritarashtra, Durmarsha, Dussaha, Durmata, Durdhara and Jaya, when they saw Karna put to flight by Bhima at once rushed on the latter.

When Karna saw this, he was heartened and turned back to resume his attack. Bhimasena at first ignored the sons of Dhritarashtra and concentrated on Karna.


But they became so violent in their assault that Bhima got incensed and, turning his attentions on them, disposed of all five of them. They lay dead on the field, with their horses and their charioteers.

The young warriors with their bleeding wounds presented the appearance of a forest with trees, uprooted by a strong wind and lying flat on the ground with their beautiful red blossoms.

When Karna saw another batch of princes slaughtered for his sake he fought more grimly than ever before. Bhima too was more violent than before, thinking of all the evil that Karna had wrought against the Pandavas.

He used his bow so as to disarm Karna completely. His horses and charioteer were also laid low. Karna now jumped down from his chariot and hurled his mace at Bhima.

But Bhima warded it off with shafts from his powerful bow and covered Karna with a shower of arrows and forced him to turn back and walk on foot.


Duryodhana, who watched this combat, was greatly grieved and sent seven of his brothers Chitra, Upachitra, Chitraksha, Charuchitra, Sarasana, Chitrayudha and Chitravarman, to relieve Radheya.

They gave battle to Bhima displaying great skill and energy. But fell dead one after another, for Bhima's passion was roused and his attack was irresistible.

When Karna saw so many of the sons of Dhritarashtra sacrificing themselves for him, his face was wet with tears and he mounted a fresh chariot and began to attack Bhima with deadly effect.


The two combatants clashed like clouds in a thunderstorm. Kesava, Satyaki and Arjuna were filled with admiration and joy as they watched Bhima fighting.

Bhurisravas, Kripacharya, Aswatthama, Salya, Jayadratha and many other warriors of the Kaurava army also broke into exclamations, astonished at the way in which Bhima fought.

Duryodhana was stung to the quick and burned with anger. Karna's plight caused him extreme anxiety. He feared Bhima would kill Radheya that day, and sent seven more of his brothers directing them to surround Bhima and attack him simultaneously.

The seven brothers sent by Duryodhana attacked Bhima. But fell one after another, struck down by his arrows. Vikarna, who was killed last, was beloved of all.

When Bhima saw him fall dead after a brave fight, he was deeply moved and exclaimed: "Alas, O Vikarna, you were just and knew what was dharma! You fought in loyal obedience to the call of duty. I had to kill even you. Indeed this battle is a curse upon us wherein men like you and the grandsire Bhishma have had to be slaughtered."

Seeing Duryodhana's brothers, who came to help him, slain one after another in this manner, Karna was overwhelmed by anguish. He leant back on his seat in the chariot and closed his eyes unable to bear the sight.


Then recovering control over his emotions he hardened his heart and began again his attack on Bhima. Bow after bow was broken up by Bhimasena's shaft, but Karna kept the battle.

Eighteen times he had to take up a fresh bow. Karna had long ago discarded his smile and his face showed savage anger even as Bhima's. They now glared fiercely at each other as they fought.

Yudhishthira now heard Bhima's roar rise above the tumult of battle, and heartened by it, he fought Drona with increased vigor.


In the renewed and fierce battle between Bhima and Karna, Bhima lost his horses and charioteer. Soon his chariot also was smashed to pieces. Then, Bhima hurled his spear at Karna who was in his chariot and as Karna parried it with his shaft, Bhima advanced with sword and shield.

But Karna broke the shield at once with his shafts. Then, Bhima whirled his sword and hurled it, and it cut Karna's bow into two and fell on the ground. But Karna took up yet another bow and assailed Bhima with arrows more fiercely than before.

Bhima, in a fit of uncontrollable rage, sprang upon Karna. Radheya took cover behind his flagstaff and escaped destruction. Thereupon, Bhima jumped out of Karna's car down into the field of battle where, deprived of all arms, he used the elephants lying dead on the ground to protect himself from Karna's arrows and continued the fight.


He picked up anything he could lay hands upon, wheels of broken chariots, the limbs of horses and elephants that were lying about, and hurling them at Karna, kept him engaged without interval. But this could not long continue and Bhima was soon at a great disadvantage. Karna said exultingly:

"Foolish glutton, you do not know the science of war; why do you engage yourself in battle here? Go to the jungle and fill yourself with fruits and roots and grow fat. You are a savage, not fit for kshatriya battle. Get away!" Hurling insulting taunts at him, he made the helpless Bhima burn with rage, but mindful of his word to Kunti, refrained from killing him.

"There, Arjuna! See how poor Bhima is being harassed by Karna," said Krishna. Dhananjaya's eyes burned red with wrath, when he saw the plight of his valiant brother.

He bent his Gandiva bow and discharged his arrows on Karna who then gladly turned his attentions from Bhima to Arjuna. He had pledged his word to Kunti not to kill more than one of the Pandavas and he reserved that option for the great Arjuna.


SOMADATTA'S END

"THERE comes the valorous Satyaki," said Krishna, the charioteer, to Dhananjaya. "Your disciple and friend is marching up, triumphantly breaking through enemy ranks."

"I do not like it, Madhava," replied Arjuna. "It was not right for him to have left Dharmaputra and come here to join me. Drona is there ever seeking an opportunity to seize Dharmaputra. Satyaki should have stuck to his post there to guard him. Instead, he has come here. Old Bhurisravas has intercepted Satyaki. It was a great mistake for Yudhishthira to have sent Satyaki away here."

There was a family feud between Bhurisravas and Satyaki that made them inveterate foes.

It had come about this way. When Devaki, who was to be the blessed mother of Sri Krishna, was a maiden, many princes competed for her hand and there was a great battle between Somadatta and Sini over it.


Sini won, and on behalf of Vasudeva he placed Devaki in his chariot and took her away. Since that incident there was feud between the two clans, the Sini family and that of Somadatta. Satyaki was Sini's grandson.


Bhurisravas was Somadatta's son. When they found themselves on opposite sides in the Kurukshetra battle, it was natural that, as soon as Bhurisravas saw Satyaki, the old warrior challenged Satyaki to battle.

"Oh Satyaki," cried Bhurisravas, "I know you strut about thinking yourself a man of great prowess. Here now I have you in my power and will presently finish you. Long have I sought for this meeting. Like Indrajit destroyed Dasaratha's son Lakshmana, you will die today and go to the abode of Yama, gladdening the hearts of many a bereaved widow."

Satyaki laughed. "Have done with your vaunting," he interrupted. "Words are not deeds and do not frighten fighting men. Demonstrate your valor in action and do not indulge in dry thunder like autumn clouds."

After this exchange of words, the battle began, and the combat was as between two fierce lions. Their horses were killed, their bows were broken, and both were rendered chariotless.


They were now standing on the ground fighting with swords and shields, till their shields were hacked to bits and their swords broken. Then they were locked in a deadly embrace without weapons.

They rolled together on the ground. They leaped up and they sprang on each other. They fell down again and so the combat went on for a long while.

Partha's mind was at the time concentrated on Jayadratha's movements and he did not watch this combat between Satyaki and the son of Somadatta.

But his charioteer Krishna was deeply concerned about Satyaki's fate. For Krishna knew about their family feud.


"Dhananjaya," said Krishna, "Satyaki is exhausted. Bhurisravas is going to kill him now."

Still Arjuna was following only Jayadratha's movements.

"Satyaki who came after an exhausting battle with the Kaurava forces has been forced to accept Bhurisravas' challenge," said Krishna again. "It is a most unequal battle. Unless we help him, beloved Yuyudhana will be slain."

Even as Krishna was saying this, Bhurisravas lifted Satyaki up and brought him crashing to the ground and all the men around in the Kaurava army exclaimed: "Yuyudhana is dead!"


Again Krishna importuned: "Satyaki is lying almost dead on the field, the best among the Vrishni clan. One who came to help you, is being killed before your eyes. You are looking on, doing nothing."

Bhurisravas caught hold of the prostrate Satyaki and dragged him on the ground as a lion drags its elephant prey.


Arjuna was in a great conflict of mind. "Bhurisravas has not been called to battle by me, nor has he challenged me to fight. How can I send my shaft at Bhurisravas when he is engaged with another? My mind recoils from such an act, although it is true a friend who came to help me is being slaughtered before my eyes."

Just as Arjuna finished saying this to Krishna, the sky was darkened by a cloud of arrows sent by Jayadratha. Arjuna replied with a shower of arrows, but he constantly turned with pain to where Satyaki was in the mortal grip of Bhurisravas.

Krishna again pressed Arjuna to consider Satyaki's condition. "O Partha, Satyaki has lost all his weapons and he is now in Bhurisravas' power, helpless."

When Arjuna turned, he saw Bhurisravas with his foot on the prostrate body of Satyaki and sword upraised to slay him.

Before Bhurisravas could deliver the fatal thrust, Arjuna shot an arrow which went with the speed of lightning and the next moment the uplifted arm fell chopped off to the ground still holding the sword. Bhurisravas, all amazed, turned and saw who had done it.


"Son of Kunti," he exclaimed, "I had not expected this of you! It befits not a warrior to shoot from behind in this manner. I was engaged in combat with someone else and you have attacked me without notice. Indeed, then, no man can resist the evil influence of the company he keeps, as your unchivalrous conduct proves. Dhananjaya, when you go back to your brother Dharmaputra, what account are you going to give him of this valorous deed. Ah! Who taught you this low trick, Arjuna? Did you learn this from your father Indra or from your teachers Drona and Kripa? What code of conduct was it that permitted you to shoot your arrow at a man who was engaged in combat with another and could not so much as turn his eyes on you? You have done the deed of a low-bred fellow and foully besmirched your honor. You must have been instigated into it by the son of Vasudeva. It was not in your own nature to do it. No one with princely blood in his veins would think of such a dastardly deed. I know you have been incited to it by that contemptible Krishna."

Thus did Bhurisravas with his right arm cut off, bitterly denounce Krishna and Arjuna in the Kurukshetra field.

Said Partha: "Bhurisravas, you are old and age seems to have affected your judgment. You accuse Hrishikesa and me without cause. How could I look on doing nothing, when, before my eyes, you were in the act of killing my friend, who came and risked his life in battle on my behalf, one who was like a right hand to me, and whom you were going to stab when he was lying helpless on the ground? I would have deserved to go to hell if I had failed to intervene. You say, I have been ruined by keeping company with Madhava. Who in the wide world would not wish to be so ruined? You have spoken out of confused understanding. Satyaki who was weary and exhausted when he came here and who was inadequately armed, was challenged by you to give battle. You overcame him. Having been defeated, he lay on the ground, powerless. What code of honor enabled you to raise your sword to thrust it into the body of the fallen warrior and slay him? Do I not remember how you cheered the man who killed my boy Abhimanyu when he stood staggering, exhausted and weaponless, his coat of armor torn off?"

Bhurisravas who heard this did not answer but spread his arrows on the ground with his left hand and made a seat for meditation.

The old warrior sat in yoga and the sight deeply moved all the Kaurava soldiers. They cheered Bhurisravas and uttered reproaches against Krishna and Arjuna.

Arjuna spoke: "Brave men, I am sworn to protect every friend within bow-shot of me and I cannot let an enemy kill him. It is my sacred pledge. Why do you blame me? It is not right to hurl reproaches without due thought."

After saying this to the warriors in the field who reproached him, he turned to Bhurisravas and said: "O excellent among brave men, you have protected many who have gone to you for help. You know that what has happened is due to your own error. There is no justice in blaming me. If you like, let us all blame the violence which governs kshatriya life."

Bhurisravas, who heard this, lowered his head in salutation.


Satyaki now recovered consciousness and rose. Carried away by the impetuosity of his passion, he picked up a sword and, advancing to Bhurisravas, sitting in yoga on his seat of arrows, even when all around were shouting in horror and before Krishna and Arjuna, who rushed to the spot, could prevent him, with one swift and powerful cut, he struck off the old warrior's head which rolled down, while the body was still in the posture of meditation.

The gods and the siddhas, who looked on from above the battlefield, uttered blessings on Bhurisravas. Everyone in the field condemned Satyaki's act.

Satyaki maintained he was right, saying: "After I fell down senseless, this enemy of my family placed his foot on my prostrate figure and attempted to kill me. I may slay him in whatever posture he might choose to be." But none approved of his conduct.

The slaying of Bhurisravas is one of the many situations of moral conflict woven into the story of the Mahabharata to demonstrate that, when hatred and anger have been roused, codes of honor and dharma are powerless to control them.


JAYADRATHA SLAIN

"THE decisive hour has come, Karna," said Duryodhana, "If before nightfall this day Jayadratha is not slain, Arjuna will be disgraced and he will kill himself, for not having redeemed his oath. With Arjuna's death, the destruction of the Pandavas is certain and this kingdom will be ours in unquestioned and absolute sovereignty. Dhananjaya swore this impossible oath in a moment of thoughtlessness, because the gods had willed it that he should be thus destroyed by his own hand. It seems my stars are now in the ascendant. We should not let this opportunity slip. We must see somehow that his challenge fails. The whole thing depends on you. Your great skill in battle is on trial today. Prove yourself this day. See the sun has sloped down in the west. Within the little time left before nightfall, I do not think it possible for Partha to reach Jayadratha. You, Aswatthama, Salya, Kripa, and I must guard Jayadratha and do all we can to see that he does not fall into Arjuna's hands during the next few hours before sunset."

"My king," Karna replied "I have been wounded all over by Bhimasena, and am so weary that my limbs have no power in them. Still, I shall put forth all the strength that is in me. I only live to serve you."


When Karna and Duryodhana were thus planning, Arjuna was engaged in a great attack on the Kaurava army and putting forth all his strength, so that before sunset he could break through to Jayadratha.

Krishna put his Panchajanya in his mouth and blew a loud note in the rishabha swara, which was the signal for his own charioteer Daruka to arrive at once with his chariot.

When it came, Satyaki took his place in it, and attacked Karna vigorously and skilfully, keeping him fully engaged. Daruka's mastery of driving and Satyaki's archery were such as brought down the gods to witness the combat.

Karna's four chariot horses were disabled and the charioteer was unseated. Then the flagstaff was cut asunder and the chariot was smashed. The great Karna stood chariotless and the event produced a great flutter in the Kaurava army.

Karna had to run and climb up into Duryodhana's chariot. Sanjaya here tells Dhritarashtra to whom he was relating the incident: "The greatest adepts in archery are Krishna, Partha and Satyaki. There is not a fourth to match them!"

Arjuna broke through the Kaurava opposition and reached Jayadratha. Inflamed by the thought of the slaughter of Abhimanyu, and all the great wrongs inflicted by the Kauravas, Arjuna fought with fury.

Savyasachin as he was, he discharged shafts from the Gandiva bow, now using one hand and now the other. He struck terror and confusion among his enemies, who felt as if Death had come to the battlefield with wide-open jaws.

It is only the poet of the Mahabharata that can describe the combat that raged between Arjuna and Aswatthama and the other great warriors that protected the king of Sindhu. They fought fiercely but were all defeated and could not prevent Arjuna from reaching Jayadratha. The attack on Jayadratha began and the battle raged long. Both sides were constantly looking westwards, for the day was nearing its end. The Saindhava was no mean foe, and taxed to the full, Arjuna's strength and skill were hard put to it.

The sun sank towards the horizon and reddened, but the battle did not cease. "There is but a very little time left. It seems Jayadratha has been saved and Arjuna's challenge has failed. The vow is unfulfilled and Arjuna is going to be disgraced," said Duryodhana to himself in great glee.

Then, there was darkness and the cry went round in both armies: "It is sunset and Jayadratha has not been killed. Arjuna has lost." The Pandavas were depressed and there were shouts of joy in the Kaurava army.

Jayadratha turned to the western horizon and thought within himself, "I am saved!" for he did not see the sun then and thought the time-limit of danger from Arjuna was over.

At that moment, however, Krishna said to Arjuna: "Dhananjaya, the Sindhu raja is looking at the horizon. I have caused this darkness. The sun is still up and has not set. Do your work. This is the moment for it, for Jayadratha is off his guard."

A shaft flew from the Gandiva bow, and, like a vulture swooping down on a chicken, carried away Jayadratha's head. "Listen, Arjuna," cried Krishna, "send your shafts in swift relays, so that the head may be supported from falling to the earth and borne into Vriddhakshatra's lap."

And Arjuna sent his wonderful arrows that carried away the head in the air. It was a strange sight. Vriddhakshatra was in his ashrama sitting in the open absorbed in his evening meditation with eyes closed, when his son's head with beautiful black hair and golden earrings gently dropped into his lap.

The old king finished his meditation and got up, when the head rolled down and fell on the ground. And, as ordained, Vriddhakshatra's head burst into a hundred fragments. Jayadratha and his father together reached the abode of the brave.


Kesava, Dhananjaya, Bhima, Satyaki, Yudhamanyu and Uttamaujas blew their conchs and Dharmaraja who heard the triumphant noise knew that it meant that Arjuna had redeemed his oath and that the Saindhava had been slain.

Then, Yudhishthira led his army fiercely against Drona. It was nightfall, but on the fourteenth day of the battle the rule of cease-fire at sunset was not observed. As the passions rose from day to day, one by one the rules and restraints broke down.

DRONA PASSES AWAY

ALL those who have heard the story of the Mahabharata know about Ghatotkacha, Bhimasena's famous son by his asura wife. There are two young men among the Mahabharata figures who embody all the qualities of heroism, fortitude, strength, courage, and amiability. They are Arjuna's son, Abhimanyu, and Bhima's son, Ghatotkacha. Both of them gave up their lives on the Kurukshetra battlefield.

Towards the latter part of the Mahabharata fight, the hatred roused on both sides did not find satisfaction in battle conducted during the daytime and close at nightfall. On the fourteenth day, when the sunset, they did not cease fighting but went on with it in torchlight.

The Kurukshetra field presented a strange sight, the like of which had not been seen before in Bharatadesa. The generals and soldiers on both sides were engaged in battle, with thousands of torches burning and using signals specially devised for nighttime.

Ghatotkacha and his troops of asuras who are strongest at night, found darkness an additional advantage and violently attacked Duryodhana's army. Duryodhana's heart sank within him when he saw thousands of his men destroyed by Ghatotkacha and his demon army moving in the air and attacking in weird and unexpected ways.

"Kill this fellow at once, Karna, for otherwise, soon our whole army will cease to be. Finish him without further delay." Thus begged all the perplexed Kauravas of Karna.

Karna was himself angry and bewildered, having just been wounded by one of the asura's arrows. He had with him no doubt the spear of unerring effect which Indra had given to him. But it could be used only once, and he had carefully husbanded it for exclusive use on Arjuna with whom a decisive encounter he knew was inevitable.

But in the confusion and wrath of that eerie midnight melee, Karna, impelled by a sudden urge, hurled the missile at the young giant. Thus was Arjuna saved, but at great cost. Bhima's beloved son, Ghatotkacha, who from mid-air was showering his deadly arrows on the Kaurava army, dropped dead, plunging the Pandavas in grief.

The battle did not stop. Drona spread fear and destruction in the Pandava army by his relentless attacks. "O Arjuna," said Krishna, "there is none that can defeat this Drona, fighting according to the strict rules of war. We cannot cope with him unless dharma is discarded. We have no other way open. There is but one thing that will make him desist from fighting. If he hears that Aswatthama is dead, Drona will lose all interest in life and throw down his weapons. Someone must therefore tell Drona that Aswatthama has been slain."

Arjuna shrank in horror at the proposal, as he could not bring himself to tell a lie. Those who were nearby with him also rejected the idea, for no one was minded to be a party to deceit.


Yudhishthira stood for a while reflecting deeply. "I shall bear the burden of this sin," he said and resolved the deadlock!

It was strange. But when the ocean was churned at the beginning of the world and the dread poison rose threatening to consume the gods, did not Rudra come forward to swallow it and save them? To save the friend who had wholly depended on him, Rama was driven to bear the sin of killing Vali, in disregard of the rules of fairplay. So also, now did Yudhishthira decide to bear the shame of it, for there was no other way.

Bhima lifted his iron mace and brought it down on the head of a huge elephant called Aswatthama and it fell dead. After killing the elephant Aswatthama, Bhimasena went near the division commanded by Drona and roared so that all might hear.

"I have killed Aswatthama!" Bhimasena who, until then, had never done or even contemplated an ignoble act, was, as he uttered these words, greatly ashamed.

They knocked against his very heart, but could they be true? Drona heard these words as he was in the act of discharging a Brahmastra. "Yudhishthira, is it true my son has been slain?" Dronacharya asked addressing Dharmaputra.

The acharya thought that Yudhishthira would not utter an untruth, even for the kingship of the three worlds.

When Drona asked thus, Krishna was terribly perturbed. "If Yudhishthira fails us now and shrinks from uttering an untruth, we are lost. Drona's Brahmastra is of unquenchable potency and the Pandavas will be destroyed," he said.

And Yudhishthira himself stood trembling in horror of what he was about to do, but within him also was the desire to win. "Let it be my sin," he said to himself and hardened his heart, and said aloud: "Yes, it is true that Aswatthama has been killed."

But, as he was saying it, he felt again the disgrace of it and added in a low and tremulous voice, "Aswatthama, the elephant" words which were however drowned in the din and were not heard by Drona.

"O king, thus was a great sin committed," said Sanjaya to the blind Dhritarashtra, while relating the events of the battle to him.

When the words of untruth came out of Yudhishthira's mouth, the wheels of his chariot, which until then always stood and moved four inches above the ground and never touched it at once came down and touched the earth.

Yudhishthira, who till then had stood apart from the world so full of untruth, suddenly became of the earth, earthy. He too desired victory and slipped into the way of untruth and so his chariot came down to the common road of mankind.


When Drona heard that his beloved son had been slain, all his attachment to life snapped. And desire vanished as if it had never been there. When the veteran was in that mood, Bhimasena loudly spoke indicting him in harsh words:

"You brahmanas, abandoning the legitimate functions of your varna and taking to the Kshatriya profession of arms, have brought ruin to princes. If you brahmanas had not gone astray from the duties belonging to you by birth, the princes would not have been led to this destruction. You teach that non-killing is the highest dharma and that the brahmana is the supporter and nourisher of that dharma. Yet, you have rejected that wisdom which is yours by birth, and shamelessly undertaken the profession of killing. It was our misfortune that you descended to this sinful life."

These taunts of Bhimasena caused excruciating pain to Drona who had already lost the will to live. He threw his weapons away and sat down in yoga on the floor of his chariot and was soon in a trance.

At this moment Dhrishtadyumna with drawn sword, came and climbed in to the chariot and heedless of cries of horror and deprecation from all around he fulfilled his destiny as the slayer of Drona by sweeping off the old warrior's head. And the soul of the son of Bharadwaja issued out in a visible blaze of fight and mounted heavenwards.

The Mahabharata is a great and wonderful story. The sorrows of human life are painted with sublime beauty and rolled out in a grand panorama. Behind the story of errors and sorrows the poet enables us to have a vision of the Transcendent Reality. Thus it is that the Mahabharata, though a story, has come to be a book of dharma. This book, in style and substance, is altogether different from tales and romances. In modern novels, dramas and pictures, exciting scenes are enacted, the hero passes through dangers and difficulties and finally marries a woman whom he loves. Or else everything seems to go on happily but suddenly things go wrong and terrible misfortune happens and the curtain drops. This is the art scheme of ordinary sensational stories. The Ramayana and the Mahabharata are quite a different kind of artistic creation. When we read them, our inner being is seized and cleansed, so to say, by being passed alternately through joys and sorrows, and we are finally lifted above both and taken to the Transcendent and Real.


THE DEATH OF KARNA

WHEN Drona died, the princes of the Kaurava army installed Karna as Generalissimo. Karna stood up in his gorgeous war chariot driven by Salya. The dauntless confidence of his bearing and his great renown as a warrior heartened the Kauravas. The battle again began. Readers of the stars were consulted and the Pandavas chose the propitious hour for grim battle. Arjuna led the attack on Karna, supported by Bhimasena immediately behind his chariot.

Duhsasana made a concentrated attack on Bhima and sent a shower of arrows at him. Bhima chuckled and said to himself. "I have this wretch now safe in my hands. I shall today redeem my promise to Draupadi. Too long has my oath waited for performance."

As Bhima thus bethought himself of what Duhsasana had done to Draupadi, the anger within him blazed up uncontrollably and throwing down all his weapons, he jumped from his chariot and leapt upon Duhsasana like a tiger on its prey, hurled him down and broke his limbs.

"Wicked beast, is this the wretched hand that held Draupadi by the hair? Here, I tear out the root from your body. If there be any here wishing to help you, let him come forward and try!"

Glaring hatefully at Duryodhana as he roared this challenge, Bhimasena tore Duhsasana's arm out and threw the bleeding limb on the battlefield.

And then he fulfilled the terrible oath he had taken thirteen years before. He sucked and drank the blood from his enemy's body like a beast of prey and danced on the bloody field, mad with passion. "I have done it!" he roared. "The oath I swore against this great sinner has been redeemed. It only remains to redeem my oath as regards Duryodhana. The sacrificial fire is ready. Let that victim also prepare."

The scene made everyone shudder. Even great Karna was shaken as he saw Bhima in this ecstasy of wrath. "Do not flinch," said Salya to Karna. "It does not befit you to show any sign that may be mistaken for fear. When Duryodhana stands quivering in despair; it is not right that you also should lose heart. After the great Duhsasana's death, the army's hope rests solely on you. You must now bear the full burden. Like the gallant warrior you are, seek single combat with Arjuna, and win eternal glory on earth or the soldier's heaven!" At these words, Karna recovered his courageous spirit. With eyes red with wrath and unshed tears, he bade Salya drive the chariot towards Arjuna.

"Enough of fighting," said Aswatthama addressing Duryodhana earnestly. "Let us terminate this disastrous enmity. Beloved friend, make peace with the Pandavas. Stop the battle."

"What? Did you not hear the words that the stubborn Bhima uttered when like a ravening beast, he drank human blood and danced over my brother's mangled body? What talk can there be now of peace? Why do you speak vain words!" said Duryodhana. Saying thus, he ordered a fresh disposition of the forces, and gave the command for attack.

Then followed a great battle. The son of Surya sent a dazzling arrow, which spat fire and made for Arjuna, like a serpent with its flaming double-tongue out. Then Krishna, Arjuna's charioteer, at the nick of time, pressed the vehicle down five fingers deep in the mud, so that the serpent shaft just missed Partha's head but struck off his helmet! Arjuna was red with shame and anger and he fixed a dart on his bow to make an end of Karna.

And Karna's fated hour was come, and as had been foretold, the left wheel of his chariot suddenly sank in the bloody mire. He jumped down on the ground to lift the wheel up from the mud.

"Wait a minute!" he cried. "My chariot has sunk in the ground. Great warrior as you are, and knowing dharma as you do, you would certainly not take unfair advantage of this accident. I shall presently set my car right and give you all the battle you want."


Arjuna hesitated. Karna was now somewhat perturbed on account of the mishap. He remembered the curse that had been pronounced on him, and again appealed to Arjuna's sense of honor.

Krishna intervened. "Ha, Karna!" be exclaimed, "it is well that you too remember that there are things like fairplay and chivalry! Now that you are in difficulty, you remember them indeed. But when you and Duryodhana and Duhsasana and Sakuni dragged Draupadi to the Hall of Assembly and insulted her, how was it you forgot them utterly? You helped to inveigle Dharmaputra, who was fond of play but was unskilled at it, to gamble, and you cheated him. Where had your fairplay hidden itself then? Was it fairplay to refuse to give to Yudhishthira his kingdom when according to the pledge the twelve years of forest life and the thirteenth year incognito were duly completed? What had happened to the dharma you appeal for now? You conspired with the wicked men who sought to poison and kill Bhima. You acquiesced in the plot to burn the Pandavas alive when sleeping in the palace of wax into which they had been lured. What had happened to dharma all that time? What did dharma tell you when violent hands were laid on Draupadi and you were looking on enjoying the sight? Did you not then mock at her saying: 'Your husbands have left you unprotected, go and marry another husband'? The tongue that was not ashamed to utter those words now talks of chivalry. Chivalry indeed! When a mob of you surrounded the young Abhimanyu and shamelessly slew him, was that chivalry? Wicked man, do not talk now of chivalry and fairplay, for you have never honored them!"

When Krishna was denouncing him in this manner in order to urge Arjuna to prompt action, Karna bent his head in shame and uttered not a word. Karna silently ascended the chariot leaving the wheel still stuck in the mud and took his bow and sent an arrow at Arjuna with unerring aim and such power that it stunned him for a moment.

Karna utilised the respite won, to jump down again and hurriedly tried to lift the chariot wheel up. But the curse was too strong for him and fortune had deserted the great warrior.

The wheel would not budge, though he strove with all his great strength. Then he tried to recall the mantras of mighty astras he had learnt from Parasurama, but his memory failed in the hour of his need, even as Parasurama had foretold.

"Waste no more time, Arjuna," cried Madhava. "Send your shaft and slay your wicked enemy."

Arjuna's mind was wavering. His hand hesitated to do what was not chivalrous. But when Krishna said this, the poet says: "Arjuna accepted this command of the Lord and sent an arrow which cut and severed the head of the Radheya."

The poet had not the heart to impute this act to Arjuna who was the embodiment of nobility. It was the Lord Krishna that incited Arjuna to kill Karna when he was vainly trying to raise his chariot out of the mud in which it had stuck. According to the code of honor and laws of war prevailing then, it was wholly wrong. Who could bear the responsibility for breaches of dharma except the Lord Himself? The lesson is that it is vanity to hope, through physical violence and war, to put down wrong. The battle for right, conducted through physical force leads to numerous wrongs and, in the net result, adharma increases.

DURYODHANA

WHEN Duryodhana beheld Karna's death, his grief knew no bounds. Kripacharya was deeply moved by Duryodhana's anguish of heart and said: "Moved by ambition and greed we placed too great a burden on friends. They have uncomplainingly borne it and laid down their lives on the battlefield and attained the happy regions above. There is but one course left to you to make peace with the Pandavas. Do not, O King, any longer continue this ruinous fight."


Even at that moment of deep despair, Duryodhana did not relish this counsel. "Perhaps, there was a time for that, but it is long past. What talk can there be of peace between the Pandavas and us with all this inexpiable blood between us, the blood of our dearest and theirs? If I surrender in order to escape death, how can I escape the contempt of the world? What happiness can I hope to have in a life so ignobly saved? And what joy can I hope to find in sovereignty, secured by a peace after my brothers and relatives have all been slain?"

These words of Duryodhana were lustily cheered by the others. They supported his stand and they chose Salya and gave him the supreme command from then on. Salya was mighty of limb and as brave as any of the warriors who had been killed. The army was arrayed under his leadership and the battle raged fiercely. On the side of the Pandavas, Yudhishthira now led the attack personally against Salya. It astonished everyone to see how the man, who was till then the very incarnation of gentle ness, fought so furiously.

The battle was equal for a long while, when Yudhishthira hurled at Salya, his spear that went straight and struck him. Like the great flagstaff at the end of a festive function, Salya's body lay lifeless on the field, crimson with blood.

When Salya, the last of the great generals, fell dead, the Kaurava army lost all hope. The surviving sons of Dhritarashtra, however, joined together and attacked Bhima from all sides. He slew them all. The son of Vayu had nourished his burning anger for thirteen years from the time Draupadi was insulted in the Hall of Assembly. He said to himself now: "I have not lived in vain, but Duryodhana still lives," and smiled grimly.

Sakuni led the attack on Sahadeva's division. After a while, Sahadeva discharged a sharp-edged sword-arrow saying: "Fool, here is the reward for your great sin." It went straight and cut through Sakuni's neck like a sword. And the head, which was at the root of all the wicked deeds of the Kauravas, rolled on the ground.

Left leaderless, the wreck of the broken army scattered and fled in all directions, pursued and slaughtered to a man by the exulting victors.

"'Thus utterly was destroyed thine army of eleven Akshauhinis, O! Bharata, out of the thousands of kings, who espoused thy cause in their pride and might, only Duryodhana could be seen on that battlefield, fainting and sore wounded," said Sanjaya, describing the debacle to the blind king.

After doing, in vain, all he could to rally his defeated army, Duryodhana, left almost alone, took up his mace and walked towards a pool of water. His whole frame was burning like fire, and water attracted him. "The wise Vidura knew what would happen and he told us," he said to himself, as he entered the water.

Of what avail is wisdom that comes too late? What has been done must produce its result that has to be suffered. That is the law. Yudhishthira and his brothers arrived there in relentless, pursuit of their great enemy.

"Duryodhana!" exclaimed Yudhishthira, "after destroying family and tribe, would you yourself escape death by concealing yourself in this pond? Where is your pride now? Have you no shame? Come up and fight. A kshatriya by birth, do you shrink battle and death?"

Stung to the quick by these words, Duryodhana replied with dignity: "I have not come here, Dharmaputra, a fugitive for my life. It was not fear that brought me here. I stepped into the water to cool the fire that is raging within me. I neither fear death nor wish to live, but why should I fight? The earth has now nothing left that I came to fight for! All those who stood by me have been slain. My desire for kingdom is gone. I leave the world to you without a rival. Enjoy it in undisputed sovereignty."

Yudhishthira replied: "Now, that is really generous, especially after you said you would not allow us even a needle-point of land. When we begged for peace and entreated you to give us a portion, you spurned our proposal. Now, you say we may take it all. It is not for kingdom or land that we fight. Must I recount all your sins? The wrongs you did us, and the outrage you perpetrated on Draupadi, cannot be expiated except with your life."

Sanjaya, who related the events to the blind old king, here said: "When your son Duryodhana heard these harsh and cruel words spoken by Dharmaputra, he at once rose from the water, mace in hand."

Stepping out of the pool, the unfortunate Duryodhana said: "Come, one by one, all of you, for I am single. You five will surely not join together and attack me who am alone and without armor, weary and wounded all over."


Yudhishthira replied sharply: "If indeed it be wrong for many to join together and attack a single person, pray tell us how Abhimanyu was attacked and killed? Did you not consent to many combining and attacking that boy, standing all alone amidst your crowd? Yes, when men face misfortune, they see and preach dharma and chivalry to others. Wear your coat of armor. Choose any of us you like and fight. Die and go to swarga or win and be king."

Accordingly, the combat began between Bhima and Duryodhana. Sparks of fire flew when their maces clashed. Duryodhana and Bhima were equal in strength and skill, and the battle raged long, and the issue hung doubtful. Those, who stood watching, were debating as to whom would win. Krishna said to Arjuna that Bhima would redeem the oath he swore in the Hall of Assembly and smash Duryodhana's thighs. Bhima heard this and, at that moment, the memory of the great outrage came vividly to his mind.

He leaped like a lion and came down with his mace on Duryodhana's thighs and broke them and Duryodhana fell heavily on the ground, wounded to death.

Bhima jumped on the prostrate body of his enemy, stamped on his head with his heavy foot and danced a terrible dance.

"Cease, Bhima," cried Dharmaraja. "You have paid off the debt. Duryodhana is a prince and a cousin. It is not right to put your foot on his head."

Said Krishna:"Soon the wicked man's soul will depart from the body. Sons of Pandu, Duryodhana and his friends have been slain. Why linger here? On to your chariots."

When Krishna said this, the face of the fallen Duryodhana glowed like a blazing fire with anger and hatred. Turning his eyes towards Krishna be said:

"By base tricks you contrived the death of warriors, who fought bravely according to the laws of war. You could not have dreamt of victory in a fair fight with Karna or Bhishma or Drona. Have you not a spark of shame left?"


Even dying, Duryodhana felt no regret for all that he had done.

"Duryodhana," said Krishna, "vainly do you accuse others. Greed and pride of power led you to unnumbered wicked deeds and you are reaping as you sowed."

"Wretch!" replied Duryodhana. "Living, I was a great prince, generous friend, and a terrible foe. All human joys, such joys as kings wish for in vain, and even Gods do not despise, have been mine, in their fullness. A warrior's death is the fitting crown of such a life. Dying, I go triumphantly to swarga to join my friends and my brothers who have gone there already and are waiting to welcome me. You remain here below, your objects defeated and yourselves the object of contempt of all kshatriyas. I do not mind Bhima putting his foot on my head as I lie helpless on the ground with legs broken. What care I? In a few minutes more will not the feet of crows and vultures settle on my head?"

When Duryodhana said this, flowers were showered down from the heavens by the gods. Inordinate desire took Duryodhana into the wrong path, whence ensued anger and numerous breaches of dharma. But no one could question the unconquerable spirit of Dhritarashtra's son.


THE PANDAVAS REPROACHED
WHEN the war was nearing its end, Balarama arrived at Kurukshetra after completing his tour of holy places. He came just when Bhima and Duryodhana were engaged in their last mortal combat. He saw Bhima aiming the deadly blow which broke Duryodhana's thighs, and his anger flamed up at this great breach of the rules of single combat.
"Fie upon you all! Would any kshatriya hit below the navel? This Bhima has offended the law most disgracefully," he exclaimed and impatiently going up to his brother Krishna, shouted:
"You can look on and tolerate all this. But I cannot bear to see such unclean fighting!" Saying this he advanced towards the offending Bhima with upraised plough. The plough was Balarama's weapon on supreme occasions, as the discus was Krishna's. Krishna was alarmed when he saw his elder brother advancing in a passion towards Bhima. 

He rushed forward and, intercepting him, said: "The Pandavas are our friends and closest relations. They have been the victims of insufferable wrongs at the hands of Duryodhana. When Draupadi was insulted in the Assembly Hall, Bhima vowed: 'I will one day in battle break the two thighs of Duryodhana with this mace and kill him.' He proclaimed this solemn oath at that time and everyone has known it. It is the duty of a kshatriya to fulfil the vow he has solemnly taken. Do not let your anger mislead you and do not be unjust to the innocent Pandavas. You should, before condemning Bhima, take into account all the wrongs that the Kauravas have done to the Pandavas. Nothing but error can result if one proceeds to judge conduct without taking into account the chain of events leading up to it. You cannot snatch a particular act out of its context and proceed to give judgment on it alone without gross injustice. The era of Kali has arrived, when the laws of a previous age cannot apply. It was not wrong for Bhima to strike below the navel an enemy who had wickedly contrived against his life on many occasions. It was because of Duryodhana's foul instigation that Karna sent a shaft from behind and broke Abhimanyu's bowstring when he was defending himself against heavy odds. Arjuna's young son was attacked by numerous warriors who surrounded him, when he stood all by himself in the field, deprived of bow and chariot, and in a most cowardly manner, killed him. Duryodhana thought evil and practised deception from the time of his birth and has brought about the destruction of his people. There is no sin in Bhima killing this man. Bhima bore the wrongs done and kept his wrath within himself for thirteen long years. Duryodhana knew well that Bhima had sworn to break his thighs and kill him. When he challenged the aggrieved Pandavas to battle, he knew very well that he invited Bhima to make good his oath. How can you think that it was wrong for Bhima to do this?"

Krishna's words did not change Balarama's opinion, but his anger subsided. "Duryodhana will attain the happy regions reserved for the brave. Bhima's fame has been tarnished for all time. It will be said among men that the son of Pandu broke the laws of war in attacking Duryodhana. It will remain forever a great blot on his good name. I hate to stay here any longer." So saying the indignant Balarama immediately left for Dwaraka.
"Yudhishthira, why this strange silence?" asked Krishna.
"O Madhava, it hurts me to see Bhima leap on cousin Duryodhana's mortally wounded body and trample on his head. I see the end of the glory of our race. We were wronged by the Kauravas. I know the full measure of grief and anger in Vrikodara's heart, and don't wish to blame him beyond reason. We have killed Duryodhana, who was afflicted by uncontained greed and poverty of understanding. What serves it now to debate the ethics of it or nicely to weigh the propriety of a much wronged man's revenges?"
Yudhishthira was greatly oppressed in mind. When men transgress the law, extenuations and excuses are of no avail in giving mental satisfaction.
Arjuna, of penetrating intellect, was silent. He did not show approval of Bhima's act. Nor did he say anything by way of detraction. The rest of the people, who were there, were however loud in condemnation of Duryodhana and were reminding one another of all his misdeeds and errors. Krishna turned towards them and said:
"Warriors, it is not proper that we go on speaking against an enemy who has been defeated and is lying mortally wounded. We should not speak ill of a dying man. He was stupid and brought about his own end. He fell into the company of bad men and was ruined. Let us go."
Duryodhana, who was stretched on the ground in intense, agony, when he heard Krishna say this, went into a paroxysm of rage. He half raised himself on his arms in spite of the excruciating pain, and exclaimed:

"Wretch! Son of a slave! Was not your father Vasudeva Kamsa's slave? You have no business to sit or move with princes. You speak like a shameless wretch. I saw you instigate Bhima to aim his blow at my thigh! Do you think I did not see you, making as though casually talking to Arjuna, pointing to your thigh, but really indicating to Bhima that he should strike me on the thighs, disregarding the laws of single combat? Till then it had been equal battle. You have neither pity nor shame. Did you not contrive the death of the grandsire Bhishma through stratagem? You advised Sikhandin to be placed in front when attacking Bhishma, knowing that the grandsire would scorn to fight a woman, and would let himself be mortally wounded without resistance. You brought about the end of Dronacharya through making Dharmaputra utter a falsehood. You were the father of that deadly lie that issued from Yudhishthira's mouth, and made Dronacharya throw his bow away. Did you not look on without protest, and rejoice, when that, wretch Dhrishtadyumna attacked and killed the acharya who had stopped fighting, throwing away his weapons, and settled down in yoga posture for meditation on the Supreme? Was it not you who wickedly contrived to make Karna hurl the fatal spear at Ghatotkacha instead of reserving it for Arjuna as he had all along resolved to do? O great sinner, surely it was you who instigated Satyaki to butcher Bhurisravas when his right arm had been foully cut off and he stopped fighting and spread his arrows for a seat for holy meditation. It was you who brought about the death of Karna by inducing Arjuna to attack him in a cowardly manner when he was engaged in lifting his chariot wheel which had sunk and stuck in the mud in the field of battle. Oh worthless man, sole cause of our destruction, the whole world has condemned your act when by sorcery you made it appear as if the sun had set. You made Jayadratha, the Sindhu king, believe that the day was over and he was past danger, and thus he was slain when he was off his guard."
Thus did Duryodhana pour his denunciation against Krishna and then, exhausted by the pain of his wounds and the violence of his rage, he fell prostrate again.

"Son of Gandhari," said Krishna, "why do you let your anger add to the pain of your last moments? It is your own misdeeds that have brought about your end. Do not attribute it to me. Bhishma and Drona had to die on account of your sins. So also were you the cause of the death of Karna and others. Need I recount all the wrongs that you were guilty of against the sons of Pandu? What punishment can be too severe for the great outrage, which you inflicted on Draupadi? The animosities and passions that resulted from your misdeeds cannot be made ground for condemning others. All the deceptions and lapses you charge us with were forced on us by reason of your wicked conduct. You have paid off on the battlefield the debt incurred by your greed. But you are dying the death of a brave man. You will go to the happy regions reserved for kshatriyas who lay down their lives on the field of battle." 

"Krishna, I go to swarga with my friends and relatives. But you and your friends will live on earth to suffer," said the stubborn Duryodhana. "I studied the Vedas. I have given gifts ordained by law and I have reigned supreme over all the sea-girt earth. While I lived, I stood upon the humbled heads of foes. All human joys, such joys as even the Gods cannot despise and kings sigh for in vain, the very pinnacle of power, were mine. Dying now, such death as warriors deem the crown of kshatriya life, I go to meet in heaven my friends and brothers gone before, eager to welcome me. Who is more blest, I, or you who, doomed to linger here, mourning for slaughtered friends in desolate homes, find the long sought triumph but ashes in your mouth?" said Duryodhana. And the gods showered flowers down on the dying warrior and the gandharvas played music and the sky was illuminated. Vasudeva and the Pandavas felt small.
"There is truth," said Krishna, "in what Duryodhana said. You could not have defeated him by fair means. This wicked man was invincible in battle."

ASWATTHAMA
WHEN Aswatthama heard how Duryodhana lay mortally injured, and learnt the details of the combat, his righteous anger swelled like the sea. The deception, practised by the Pandavas in order to bring about his father's end, had been rankling in his mind.
Now, when he learnt how Duryodhana had been stricken down mortally against all rules of chivalry, he went to the spot where Duryodhana was lying and there took an oath that he would that night send the Pandavas to the abode of Yama.
Duryodhana, who was in the last physical agony of departing life, was transported with joy when he heard Aswatthama take this oath. He immediately ordered those who stood nearby to install Aswatthama as Supreme Commander of the Army with due ceremony and, when that was over, said to Him: "All my hopes are in you."
It was sunset and the forest was in utter darkness when under a big banian tree Kripacharya, Kritavarma and Aswatthama halted for rest. They were so greatly fatigued that Kripacharya and Kritavarma fell fast asleep as soon as they lay down.
But Aswatthama did not get sleep, for sorrow, indignation and hatred burnt within him. He was listening to the noises that the nocturnal birds and prowling beasts began to make as the night advanced. He was turning over in his mind how to execute his promise to Duryodhana.

On the branches of the banian tree, under which the three warriors were resting, hundreds of crows roosted. They were all quiet and asleep until a big owl came and began to attack the birds one after another and kill them. When Aswatthama saw the nocturnal bird of prey tear the helpless crows, he got an idea. The crows that could not see at night flew round and round helplessly and fell victims to the owl that attacked them violently.
"These wicked Pandavas and the Panchala that killed my father and all their supporters can easily be killed by us, if we surprise them when they are sleeping in their tents at night even as this owl is attacking these blind crows. Thus can I avenge the deeds of foul play they have practised on us. I am deeply indebted to this bird of prey from whom I have received the teaching. There is no offence in adopting plans to suit one's altered circumstances. If we can lawfully attack an enemy, when his army is tired or when his forces are scattered, why then should not we, who have lost our armies, attack our enemies when they are asleep? There can be nothing wrong in it. Indeed it is only thus that we can punish and defeat these Pandavas who have achieved successes through foul play. We have no other course open." 

Aswatthama made up his mind and he immediately woke up Kripacharya and informed him of his plan. Kripacharya, who heard it, was astonished.
"This can never be," said he. "It is wholly wrong. To attack men who have retired to sleep, has never been done before. It would be an unprecedented crime against the laws of kshatriya conduct. Aswatthama, for whom are we fighting? The man for whose sake we joined in this war has been fatally wounded and his end has arrived. We have discharged our obligations most loyally. We fought our best for the greedy and wrongheaded Duryodhana but we failed irretrievably. There is no purpose now in our continuing the fight and it is folly to do so. Let us go to Dhritarashtra and the faultless Gandhari, and place ourselves at their disposal. Let us take counsel of wise Vidura also. They will tell us what lies before us to do."

When Kripacharya spoke thus, Aswatthama's grief and indignation increased and he spoke bitterly:
"Everyone feels sure that what he thinks is the only right and proper thing to do. One's understanding naturally limits one's vision. These Pandavas have been guilty of the foulest conduct. They killed my noble and trustful father through a lie. They have killed Duryodhana against the laws of chivalry. I have no doubt in my mind that what I propose to do is quite proper vengeance for all these foul deeds. It is only if I carry out this plan that I can possibly repay my debt to my king and to my father. I have decided on it and I do not propose to alter my plan. I am going tonight to the tents where they are sleeping having cast off their armor and there I will kill the Pandavas and Dhrishtadyumna while they are asleep."
Kripacharya was deeply grieved to hear Aswatthama speak thus: "You have attained a great name among men," he pleaded, "Your spotless character will by this be blemished, even like a milk-white cloth bespattered with blood. Never could it be right to kill sleeping men. Desist from this." 

"Sir, what are you talking? These Pandavas butchered my father when he had thrown away all his weapons and had sat down in prayer. These men have breached the embankment of dharma and released the flood, and not a, drop of dharma is now left! Karna, who was on the ground putting right the wheel of his chariot, was murdered by these lawless rascals. Bhima has killed Duryodhana with a blow below the navel. What dharma has been left for us to follow? The Pandavas have, once for all, destroyed the wall of dharma. Why should we make research into law and chivalry when dealing with these ruffians who have attained successes by destroying both? If by killing the sleeping Panchalas, who butchered my great father, I may be doomed to rebirth in the body of a foul bird or of a wriggling worm, I do not care. I seek such a birth!"
Saying this and, without waiting for an answer, Aswatthama proceeded to harness his horses and get his chariot ready to start. When he was about to leave Kripacharya and Kritavarma cried: "Stop. What are you resolved upon doing, Aswatthama? We cannot approve of it, but neither can we desert you in your desperate enterprise. The path you are bent on treading, we shall also follow. The sin you are resolved upon, let us share also." So, they went along with him. Thus does evil grow! One transgression begets the next and thus evil grows from evil submerging righteousness. Evil flourishes on retaliation.

They reached the Pandava camp. Dhrishtadyumna had doffed his armor and was plunged in deep slumber in his tent. Aswatthama leapt on the sleeping warrior and, before he could put himself into a posture of defence, cruelly kicked him to death.
The same process was relentlessly repeated until all the Panchalas and all the sons of Draupadi were killed one by one when they were plunged in sleep in their tents.
After having done this deed, the like of which had never before been considered possible among kshatriyas, Kripacharya, Kritavarma and Aswatthama came out of the tents and set fire to the camp. When the fire spread, the sleeping soldiers were awakened and fled hither and thither in confusion, even like the crows on the banian tree under which they had rested in the forest, and they were mercilessly slaughtered by Aswatthama.
"We have done our duty," said Dronacharya's son. "Let us go and give the glad news to Duryodhana, if we can reach him, before he expires. Let him die pleased."
The three of them accordingly hurried to Duryodhana.


AVENGED

"O, DURYODHANA, you are yet alive, hear the news and rejoice! All the Panchalas have been slaughtered. The sons of the Pandavas have also been all done to death. The entire army of theirs has been destroyed. We made a night attack on them when they were asleep. There are only seven survivors now on the Pandava side. On our side, Kripacharya, Kritavarma and I remain."

Thus said Aswatthama to the dying Duryodhana who, on hearing this, slowly opened his eyes and, with struggling breath, gasped out these words:

"Aswatthama, you have indeed done for me what neither the great Bhishma nor the valiant Karna could achieve! You have gladdened my heart and I die happy." Saying this, Duryodhana expired.

When he saw the unexpected destruction of his army as a result of the attack during sleep, Yudhishthira gave way to grief and broke down:


"At the very moment of victory, we have been totally defeated. The vanquished have indeed triumphed. Draupadi's children, who survived the onslaught of the formidable Karna, have, by our unwariness, been crushed and destroyed like vermin. We have allowed ourselves to be destroyed like a merchant ship which, having successfully crossed the big seas, returns home but capsizes in a ditch and is lost."


Draupadi was overwhelmed by inconsolable grief. She came to Dharmaputra's side and wept. "Is there no one to avenge my children's slaughter, by destroying this great sinner Aswatthama?" she cried.

When she said this, the Pandavas immediately went out in search of the murderer. They looked for him in all sorts of places and found him, at last, on the bank of the Ganga, hiding himself behind Vyasa.

When he saw the Pandavas and Janardana approaching, Aswatthama quietly took up a blade of grass and charged it with the mantra of destruction and sent it forward saying: "May this destroy the race of the Pandavas." And it went straight to the womb of Uttara who bore in her the son of Abhimanyu.


The race of the Pandavas would have been destroyed thereby but for the intervention of Sri Krishna who saved the child in the mother's womb. This child was Parikshit who was later crowned by Yudhishthira when the Pandavas retired to the forest.

Aswatthama pried out the shining jewel that was part of his head and gave it to Bhima, acknowledging his defeat, and went away to the forest. Bhima took the great jewel and, going to Draupadi said: "Angel of spotless purity, this is for you. The man, who killed your beloved sons, has been vanquished. Duryodhana has been destroyed. I have drunk the blood of Duhsasana. I have avenged the great outrage and discharged my debts."

Draupadi took the jewel and, going up to Yudhishthira bowed and said: "Faultless king, it befits you to wear this in your crown."


WHO CAN GIVE SOLACE?

WHEN the battle was over, Hastinapura was a city of mourning. All the women and children were weeping and lamenting their slain, nearest and dearest. With many thousands of bereaved women accompanying, Dhritarashtra went to the field of battle. At Kurukshetra, the scene of terrible destruction, the blind king thought of all that had passed, and wept aloud. But, of what avail was weeping?


"O king, words of consolation addressed to a bereaved person do not remove his grief. Thousands of rulers have given up their lives in battle for your sons. It is now time that you should arrange for proper funeral ceremonies for the dead," said Sanjaya to Dhritarashtra.

"It is not right to grieve for those who die in battle. When souls have left their bodies, there is nothing like relationship, nothing like brother or son or relative. Your sons have really no connection with you. Relationship ends with death, being only a bodily connection and a mere minor incident in the soul's eternal life. From the nowhere do lives come, and, with death, they again disappear into nowhere. Why should we weep for them? Those who die in battle after a heroic fight go as guests to receive Indra's hospitality. Grieving for what is past, you cannot gain anything in the nature of dharma, pleasure or wealth." Thus, and in many more ways, did the wise and good Vidura try to assuage the king's grief.


Vyasa also approached Dhritarashtra tenderly and said: "Dear son, there is nothing that you do not know and which you have to learn from me. You know very well that all living beings must die. This great battle came to reduce earth's burden as I have heard from Lord Vishnu Himself. That is why this calamity could not be prevented. Henceforth, Yudhishthira is your son. You should try to love him and in that way bear the burden of life, giving up grief."

Making his way, through the crowd of weeping women Yudhishthira approached Dhritarashtra and bowed before him. Dhritarashtra embraced Yudhishthira, but there was no love in that embrace.

Then Bhimasena was announced to the blind king. "Come," said Dhritarashtra.

But Vasudeva was wise. He gently pushed Bhima aside and placed an iron figure before the blind Dhritarashtra, knowing the old king's exceeding anger. Dhritarashtra hugged the metal statue to his bosom in a firm embrace and then the thought came to him of how this man had killed everyone of his sons. And his wrath increased to such a pitch that the image was crushed to pieces in his embrace.

"Ha! My anger has deceived me," cried Dhritarashtra. "I have killed dear Bhima."


Then Krishna said to the blind king:

"Lord, I knew that it would be thus and I prevented the disaster. You have not killed Bhimasena. You have crushed only an iron image that I placed instead before you. May your anger be appeased with what you have done to this image. Bhima is still alive."

The king was composed somewhat and he blessed Bhima and the other Pandavas who then took leave of him and went to Gandhari.


Vyasa was with Gandhari. "Oh queen,"said the rishi, "be not angry with the Pandavas. Did you not tell them even when the battle began: 'Where there is dharma, there surely will be victory'? And so it has happened. It is not right to let the mind dwell on what is past and nurse one's anger. You must now call to aid your great fortitude."

Gandhari said: "Bhagavan, I do not envy the victory of the Pandavas. It is true that grief for the death of my sons has robbed me of my understanding. These Pandavas also are my sons. I know that Duhsasana and Sakuni brought about this destruction of our people. Arjuna and Bhima are blameless. Pride brought this battle about and my sons deserve the fate they have met. I do not complain about it. But then, in Vasudeva's presence, Bhima called Duryodhana to battle and they fought. And, knowing that Duryodhana was stronger and could not be defeated in single combat, Bhima struck him below the navel and killed him. Vasudeva was looking on. This was wrong and it is this that I find it impossible to forgive."


Bhima, who heard this, came near and said: "Mother, I did this to save myself in battle. Whether it was right or wrong, you should bear with me. Your son was invincible in combat and so I did in self-protection what was undoubtedly wrong. He called Yudhishthira to play and deceived him. We had been wronged by your son in so many ways. He would not give back the kingdom, of which be took unlawful possession. And you know what your son did to blameless Draupadi. If we had killed your son on the spot, when he misbehaved in the Hall of Assembly, surely you would not have blamed us. Bound by Dharmaraja's vow, we restrained ourselves with difficulty then. We have since discharged honor's debt and found satisfaction in battle. Mother, you should forgive me."

"Dear son, if you had left but one out of my hundred sons and killed all the rest and satisfied your anger, I and my old husband would have found solace in that surviving son for the rest of our lives. Where is Dharmaputra? Call him." She said.

Hearing this, Yudhishthira trembled as he, with clasped hands, approached Gandhari, whose eyes were bound in a cloth in loyal lifelong penance for her husband's blindness. He bowed low before her and said softly:

"Queen, the cruel Yudhishthira, who killed your sons, stands before you fit to be cursed. Do curse me who have committed great sin. I care not for life or for kingdom." Saying this, he fell on the ground and touched her feet.


Gandhari heaved a deep sigh and stood mute. She turned her head aside knowing that if, through the cloth with which her eyes were bound, her vision fell on the prostrate Yudhishthira he would be reduced to ashes on the spot. But through a little space in the cloth, even as she turned her face away, her eyes fell on the toe of the prostrate Yudhishthira. At once, says the poet, the toe was charred black.

Arjuna knew the power of bereaved Gandhari's wrath, and hid himself behind Vasudeva. The wise and good Gandhari suppressed all her anger and blessed the Pandavas and sent them to Kunti.


Gandhari turned to Draupadi, who was in lamentation, having lost all her sons. "Dear girl," said Gandhari. "Do not grieve. Who can give solace to you and me? It is through my fault that this great tribe has been destroyed altogether."

YUDHISHTHIRA'S ANGUISH

THE Pandavas performed the til and water ceremonies for the peace of the souls of the dead warriors and camped on the bank of the Ganga for a month.

One day, Narada appeared before Yudhishthira. "Son, through Krishna's grace, the valor of Arjuna and the power of your dharma, you were victorious and you are the sovereign lord of the land. Are you happy?" he asked.


Yudhishthira replied: "Bhagavan, it is true the kingdom has come into my possession. But my kinsmen are all gone. We have lost sons that were dear. This victory appears to me but a great defeat. O Narada, we took our own brother for an enemy and killed him, even Karna who stood rooted like a rock in his honor and at whose valor the world wondered. This terrible act of slaying our own brothers was the result of our sinful attachment to our possessions. Karna, on the other hand, kept the promise he gave to our mother and abstained from killing us. Oh! I am a sinner, a low fellow who murdered his own brother. My mind is troubled greatly at this thought. Karna's feet were so much like our mother's feet. In the large hall, when that great outrage was committed and my anger rose, when I looked at his feet, which were so much like Kunti's feet, my wrath subsided. I remember that now and my grief increases."


So saying, Yudhishthira heaved a deep sigh. Narada told him all about Karna and the curses that had been pronounced on him on various occasions.

Once, when Karna saw that Arjuna was superior to him in archery, he approached Drona and entreated him to teach him how to wield the Brahmastra. Drona declined saying it was not open to him to instruct any but a brahmana of faultless conduct or a kshatriya who had purified himself by much penance. Thereupon, Karna went to the Mahendra hills and deceived Parasurama by saying that he was a brahmana and became his disciple. From him he obtained instruction in archery and the use of many astras.

One day, when Karna was practising with his bow in the forest near Parasurama's asrama, a brahmana's cow was accidentally hit and killed. The brahmana was angry and uttered a curse on Karna: "In battle, your chariot wheels will stick in the mud and you will be done to death, even like this innocent cow which you have killed."


Parasurama was exceedingly fond of Karna and taught him all the archery he knew and instructed him fully in the use and the withdrawing of the Brahmastra.


One day, however, he discovered that the disciple was not a brahmana. It happened tha an an insect bit a hole into Karna's thigh when one afternoon the teacher had fallen asleep on Karna's lap. Karna bore the acute pain quietly and did not stir, lest the master should wake up. The warm blood trickling from the wound woke up Parasurama. When he saw what had happened, he was angry.



"You are a kshatriya; otherwise you could not have borne this physical pain without stirring. Tell me the truth. You are not a brahmana. You have deceived your teacher. Fool! When your hour comes, your knowledge of astras will fail you and what you have learnt from me through deception will not avail you."

Parasurama's wrath against kshatriyas is well known and, when he discovered that Karna was a kshatriya, he cursed him thus in his anger.

Karna was free in making gifts. One day, Indra, who was Arjuna's father, came in the garb of a brahmana and begged of Karna for a gift of the divine earrings and armor with which he had been born. Karna took them out and gave them away accordingly. From that time, Karna's strength was reduced.

"Karna's pledge to his mother Kunti that he would not kill more than one of the five of you, Parasurarna's curse, the anger of the brahmana whose cow was killed by Karna, the way in which his charioteer Salya depressed him by underrating his valor and Vasudeva's stratagems, these combined to bring about Karna's end. Do not grieve believing that you alone caused his death." Thus said Narada, but Yudhishthira was not consoled by these words.


"Do not blame yourself, son, for Karna's, death," said Kunti. "His father, the sun lord himself, pleaded with him. He begged of him to give up the wicked-hearted Duryodhana and join you. I too tried hard. But he would not listen to us. He brought his end on himself."

"You deceived us, mother" said Yudhishthira, "by hiding the secret of his birth from us. You became thus the cause of this great sin. May women never be able to keep a secret henceforth."

This is the poet's story of how Yudhishthira cursed all women in his anguish over having killed his own elder brother. It is a common notion that women cannot keep secrets. And this story is a beautiful conception illustrating that popular belief.

It may be that in worldly affairs, it is an advantage to be able to keep secrets. But it is not great virtue from the point of view of moral character, and women need not grieve over an incapacity of this kind, if indeed Kunti's legacy still persists. 



The affectionate temperament natural to women may perhaps incline them to openness. But some women do keep secrets very well indeed, and not a man possess this ability either. It is a fallacy to attribute the differences that arise out of training and occupation on nature itself and imagine some qualities as peculiar to a sex.

YUDHISHTHIRA COMFORTED

YUDHISHTHIRA'S pain of mind increased everyday as he thought of all the kinsmen that had been killed. He was stricken with intense remorse and decided he must give up the world go to the forest and do penance to expiate his sin. 



"I see no joy or good," he said to his brothers, in taking up the office of king or in worldly enjoyment. Do rule the land yourselves leaving me free to go to the forest."

Arjuna talked of the nobility of family life and the entire good one may do without taking sanyasa. Bhimasena also spoke and harshly.

"You talk, alas"' he said, "like a dull-witted person who has committed to memory the texts of the sastras without understanding their sense. Sanyasa is not the dharma of kshatriyas. The duty of a kshatriya, is to live an active life and perform his proper task, not to go to the forest renouncing activity."



Nakula also contested the propriety of Dharmaputra's proposal and insisted that the path of work was the right one to follow and the way of sanyasa was beset with difficulties.

Sahadeva also argued likewise and entreated: "You are my father, my mother, my teacher, as well as brother. Do not leave us, bear with us."

Draupadi also spoke. "It was right we killed Duryodhana and his men. Why should we regret it? Among the duties of a king is included the inflicting of just punishment. It cannot be avoided and is an essential part of the ruler's duty. You have meted just punishment too evildoers. There is no cause whatsoever for contrition. It is now your sacred duty to take up the burden of governing the land according to dharma. Cease grieving."



Then Vyasa spoke to Yudhishthira at length and explained where his duty lay, pointing out precedents, and persuaded him to go to the city and take up the burden of ruling the land. 



Yudhishthira was duly crowned at Hastinapura. Before taking up the duties of the State, Yudhishthira went to where Bhishma lay on his bed of arrows awaiting his death, and took his blessing and instruction in dharma. This instruction of Bhishmacharya to king Yudhishthira is the famous Santiparva of the Mahabharata. After the discourse was over, Bhishma's soul passed out. The king went to the Ganga and offered libations, in accordance with ancient custom, for the peace of the departed soul.



After the ceremony was over, Yudhishthira went up the bank. There, as he stood for a while, all the tragic events came back to his mind, and overcome by intense grief, he fell senseless on the ground, like an elephant struck down by the hunter.

Bhima went up to his big brother and caressed him tenderly and spoke to him soothing words. Dhritarashtra also came up and said to Yudhishthira:

"You should not grieve like this. Arise and, assisted by your brothers and friends, reign over the kingdom that awaits your rule. Your duty now is to do what appertains to the office of king. Leave grief to Gandhari and me. You achieved victory in battle in accordance with the dharma of warriors. The duties appertaining to that victory await your attention now. Fool that I was, I did not pay heed to the words of Vidura and committed a great error. I listened to the ignorant words of Duryodhana and deceived myself. Like gold seen in a dream the glory has vanished. My hundred sons have disappeared into the world of nowhere. But I have you as my son now. Do not grieve."

END OF WAR—BUT THE EPIC CONTINUES


The tangled intertwined nature of issues is clear from the fact that in the Mahabharata  nobody wants this war and yet nobody could avoid it.  It came with all the bloody killings and disaster. But the Mahabharata is much more than a mere description of the blood-bath which was the battle of Kurukshetra.

The finest flower of chivalry and heroism perished in the flames of war in a matter of eighteen days.

The Mahabharat answers these vital questions of life, which grows in complexity as it evolves as if driven by an inner, inevitable logic of its own. The Mahabharat is a great and glorious epic poetry, but even more than its liquid and lyrical quality is the force of its logic, and this is why it overpowers the heart as well as the mind.

Throughout the past thousand years of the history of Hinduism, the popularity and authority of the Bhagavad Gita, the Song of the Lord, has been, and still is, unrivaled. Whoever reads it for the first time will be struck by the beauty and depth; countless Hindus know it by heart and quote it at many occasions as an expression of their faith and their own insights.

The theology of the Bhagavad Gita is attractive because it does not favor of any of the path.
Whatever works for you is the truth, a pragmatic attitude which is Hinduism's great and old strength.
The Gita is thus a product of mature Hinduism. The Gita boldly asserts that dharma is possible without renunciation, and many reformers have seized upon that to try and awaken Indians from a too comfortable 'spiritual' torpor-- catalysed by the earlier Ramayana war.
The finale of Mahabharat are impressive. Rishi Vyasa concludes: "Dharma is eternal; life, its joys and sorrow are not. Do not give away the eternal for the temporal values of life."
Do not to others what ye do not wish
Done to yourself; and wish for others too
What ye desire and long for, for yourself — This is the whole of dharma — heed —it well.
 

— Veda Vyasa, The Mahabharata.

Note: The Institute for Scientific Research on Vedas (I-SERVE), planetarium software has ascertained the birth of Lord Rama as 10th January 5114 BC in Ayodhya. As per the Indian calendar the time of the birth is in-between 12 noon and 1pm, Shukla Paksha in Chaitra month.

EPILOGUE:

After the great Kuruskhetra war , that  nearly destroyed humankind and humanity alike, the battle field lay still ! The battle was over , and the vast field lay blood soaked and strewn with bodies of kings, princes and soldiers .

There was no mood for hip-hip huzzah among the surviving Pandava army. Most stood sullen and stunned by the gruesome scene .They were devastated at the destruction that a single war had caused.

Stunned and speechless, they scanned the battle field to check out for survivors among the lifeless.  Gandhari with her blind fold still in place was crying over her dead sons.  She was rambling in extreme grief , her speech slurred. “Duryodhana , my son , open your eyes. speak to me my first born…A hundred did we bear, all fine and proud. Was it for such a foolish end? Her husband, the blind king Dritharashtra stood by, looking lost.

The Pandavas and Krishna hurried over to Gandhari and Dritharashtra, to offer their respects, apologies and condolences.  Sanjaya, the king’s escort, gently bent down to Gandhari, to inform the blindfolded woman of the arrival of the Pandavas and Krishna. Her grief turned to a burning rage . 



She went up to Krishna and screamed .The Pandavas recoiled in fear.  Gandhari cried out to Krishna “You, who I worshipped as Vishnu and You, known as an avatar of the supreme godhead. Aren’t you ashamed of your doings? Could you not have averted this war with your divine will and power? Is this how you answer my prayers? Ask your mother, Devaki, the pain of losing a child. She had seven of her children being killed at birth and now I have seen a hundred sons of mine being butchered to death” . 

Krishna laughed gently. 

She now vented her steam “ Oh mocking god , If my years of Vishnu bhakthi have been true, and if I have been true to my husband with this blindf, then, may you die in 36 years from today. May Dwaraka be floodeld , may every one of your Yadava kin perish by killing each other, just as you made the kins of Kuru kill one another. May the Yadavas perish “

Suddenly the gravity of her words dawned on her . She has indeed been true to her devotion to Vishnu and to her blindfold . Her curse would take effect .  Her anger vapourised and she fell at Krishna’s feet for foregiveness .

Krishna smiled and gently lifted her up. He whispered “ Oh mother , your curse will take effect, not only because of your true devotion towards me and your husband, but also due to the ever changing sands of time. In the mean time, let’s attend to the tending of the dead and sending them away on their journey to the heavens.” Lord Krishna walked past the stunned Pandavas.

After the war was over Krishna was himself contemplating the end of the snooty Yadav race. They were very powerful under the protection of lord Krishna so no external force could defeat them.  If the Yadavas were unharnessed , they will become a burden to the planet. Krishna realized the gravity of the situation and the importance of bringing the destruction of his own beloved race.  Gandhari’s curse came at the right time as if on divine cue.

Days flew by after the coronation of Yudhishtra as the king of Hasthinapur. Krishna went back to Dwaraka to rule over the prosperous kingdom.  Slowly but steadily the the curse of Gandhari bore fruit.

The pompous Yadavas shed their conduct, morals, scruples and humility.  One incident sealed their fate. Some great sages were on pilgrimage and they stopped by at Dwarka to meet Krishna and Balarama.

The Yadavas, which included Bhodakas, Vrishnis, Kekeyas and Andakas, wre now at the peak of wanton uncouth behavior. A bunch of Yadava boys decided to tease the sages. They dressed Samba, the handsome son of Krishna  as a woman and tied pillows on his stomach to make the woman look pregnant. 

They approached the sages and asked them to predict whether the 'lady' would give birth to a boy or a girl.  The dismayed sages saw through this charade and were shocked at this lack pf respect.  In anger, on of the sages cursed them saying that the disguised boy will give birth to a lump of iron which will destroy the entire Yadava race.



The Yadavas, again showed extreme disrespect and responded with sarcasm, instead of an apology.
There was a pall of fear and impending doom the next day when Krishna’s son Sambha developed labour pains and soon delivered an iron mace . They immediately rushed with the mace to Akroora and Ugrasena and in the presence of Krishna himself; they narrated the weird tide of events. 

 Krishna knew the events which would transpire in future , and kept quiet. Seeing Krishna silent , Akroora cried “Grind the mace to a fine powder and cast it into the ocean.” The Yadavas nodded and ran to comply.

Akroora looked with intent at Krishna, his eyes full of questions.  Krishna simply smiled back. “Uncle, the Kala Chakra is now in motion . Sambha has played his part perfectly.”

He left without another word, leaving both of them bewildered.

“What did he mean by that?” asked Ugrasena. “I can tell you that, father.” Ugrasena turned around to the source of voice - Rukmini. “Thirty six year ago, Krishna prayed to Shiva for a son like him—a god of detruction -does that mean anything?”

The time for gandari’s curse to take effect had arrived.

Outside the palace, the Yadavas had obeyed Akroora’s command and they ground the iron mace into fine powder—except for a stubborn triangular piece looking like an arrow head. It was too hard to grind . The Yadavas threw everything into the sea.

The fear disappeared and they went back to their wanton and rowdy behavior . They started to drink heavily and were intoxicated throughout the day.  Time rolled by. The triangular piece of the mace was swallowed by a fish. The fish was caught by a hunter, who upon finding the piece in the fish’s entrails immediately used it to craft a fine poisonous arrow.

The fine powder, on the other hand, washed back ashore and deposited itself by the beautiful coast of Dwaraka. A certain sharp serrated grass grew in lush abundance in the area where the powder was deposited.  

Everything was set and in place for the final showdown.

After 36 years of Mahabharat war, evil omen started to appear in the Dwaraka city. The Sudarshana chakra, Panchajanya shankh, the chariot of lord Krishna and the plough weapon of Balarama just disappeared from earth.   One day, the Yadavas gathered on the beach. The liquor that they drank made them lose their senses completely. 

They started teasing one another, bringing up the gory pasts and gruesome mistakes of each other.  Satyaki and Krithavarma acted as the starting points of the doom of Dwaraka.  Satyaki had fought on Pandava’s side in the battle of Kurukshetra and Krithavarma, on the Kaurava side. They taunted one another, bringing back memories of the horrific war where the Pandavas cheated against the rules of war , aided and abetted by Krishna.  

In a fit of rage, Satyaki, jumped on Krithaverma and cut his head off. The friends of Krithavarma pounced on Satyaki and a great mass brawl followed.  Pradyumna, the son of Krishna, innocent though he was, found himself in the thick of the fight and was killed.  As they have come to the sea shore for a pleasure, they did not carry any weapons along with them. 



They saw the long grown sharp serrated grass in abundance along the sea shore. They picked up the grass stems and beat and killed each other. The whole area was soaked in red blood. Those grass stems are nothing but blades made of the powder of the same lump of Iron born to Samba. The curse of saints had borne fruit. Each blade of grass became a mace, smashing into the Yadavas, killing them instantly. Except Krishna, all Yadavas were killed. Krishna’s charioteer Daruka and another one called Babhru only survived. 

They both approached Sri Krishna and said: “O Krishna! All Yadavas were killed. Whereabouts of Balarama are not known. It is better to search for him.” Balarama was in deep meditation under a tree. Seeing this, Krishna told Daruka, ““O Daruka! you immediately go to Hastinapura and inform Dharmaja about the mass massacre of Yadavas and bring Arjuna here. He will look after everything.” said Krishna. Accordingly, Daruka rushed towards Hastinapura in a chariot. Krishna went to the place where Balarama was sitting and said “O brother Balarama! I will sit in meditation along with you.” 



But there was no reply from Balarama. A long spiral smoke type serpent came out of the face of Balarama. Balarama had just left this mortal body.  His soul travelled into the sky through the sea. As Balarama was the incarnation of Adi Sesha, Naga community welcomed back Balarama.  Balarama attained moksha and  joined Vishnu at Vaikuntam .


Krishna knew that the time for him to shed his earthly avatar had come. Krishna knew the only way for someone to kill him was by wounding his foot.  He remembered the curse of Maharishi Durvasa, which left his foot vulnerable.  Krishna laid down under a tree and went into Yoga Samadhi.  At that time a hunter Jara entered that forest. That hunter misunderstood the moving foot of Krishna as a lurking deer and shot a lethal arrow that pierced into Krishna’s feet. 



As soon as the hunter reached Krishna, he realised his mistake and pleaded the lord for forgiveness. Lord Krishna consoles him and tells him how his death was inevitable and things are going as per divine plan . Krishna says that in his previous birth as Lord Rama in the Tretayuga, Rama killed Vaali (Sugreeva's brother) from behind. So, Krishna has now reaped the price for the same through Jara who was king Vaali in his previous birth. 



Such was the Dharma thatt, even for the Ruler of the Universe, the laws of Karma remain the same. Hence, lord Krishna left the mortal world.  The time from which lord Krishna died is considered to be the beginning of Kaliyuga. Daruka, sent by Sri Krishna, met Pandavas and informed them about the tragic deaths. 

On hearing this, Pandavas plunged into great grief. After taking suitable instructions from Dharmaja, Arjuna reached Dwarka.  Dwarka was destined to be flooded  within seven days of Krishna’s death; hence, Arjuna decided to take the survivors to Indraprastha.  Krishna's father left for heavenly abode while being in deep meditation. Arjuna performed the last rites for Krishna and his kinsman. All the ladies and children started moving towards Indraprastha along with Arjuna. 



As the people walked away from the Dwaraka city, and they looked back for the last time, the city sank into the sea. 



On the way, some thieves of saw that only one man with a bow accompanied the ladies. They tried to rob them. Arjuna who was once a very great archer, found it very difficult to even lift his bow. When he tried to invoke his Divya astras, he forgot all those mental passwords to arm his arrows.. The thieves killed many people and kidnapped some beautiful women. Some of the ladies including the wives of Krishna and Balarama self immolated.  This was NOT Sati.  

Arjuna unable to even protect the women arrived at Hastinapur in a most dejected condition, not wishing to live anymore. The Pandavas visited sage VedaVyasa and narrated the Yadavas destruction, Krishna's death and Arjuna’s inability to save the Yadava women. The sage consoled the Pandavas and told them that their purpose on the earth is served. 

The Pandavas coroneted Parikshit and embarked on their final journey towards the Himalayas with Draupdai . A dog followed them . Krishna participated in the Kurukshethra battle only after Arjuna and Duryodana themselves voluntarily came to seek his help in Dwaraka. Matters so transpired that he gave his mighty Narayani sena to Duryodana and became a charioteer to Arjuna.
*******************************************************************************
SHIVKUR BAPUJI TALPADE, NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
MERCURY ION GYROSCOPIC IMPLODING AND EXPANDING VORTEX VIMANA FLYING SAUCERS 





The FIRST ever Nobel prize for physics should have gone to an Indian by the name of Shivkur Bajuji Talpade.

He flew an unmanned flying saucer. It was an advanced Vedic Mercury ion plasma , imploding and expanding vortex noiseless flying machine , which could move in all directions. Accelerated pressurised Mercury when spun and thus heated gives out latent energy. Vedas had a deep understanding of Quantum physics.

This feat was witnessed by more than three thousand people including Britishers at Chowpatty beach in 1895, eight years before the Wright brothers.


Instead of praising him,the British rulers threatened him and treated him in a shabby manner.Talpade was a Sanskrit scholar who had read Vimanaka Shastra the ancient 7000 years old texts. His wife was very technically savvy and was his partner on the day the flight of MARUTSHAKTI took place.

The airplane was aloft at nearly 200 metres height and was airborne for 18 minutes –after that the Naksha Rasa accumulators ran out of energy .  


Bal Gangadhara Tilak the editor of Kesari Pune had put in an editorial . It was also reported by two other English newspapers, a terse account. Eminent Indian judge Mahadeva Govin-da Ranade and King of Baroda H H Sayaji Rao Gaekwad witessed the flight.


The jolted white man’s media blanked out the news, as Indians were suppose to be good for nothing coolies.  Their whole adventure in India rested on the fact that we were convinced that we are being ruled by a superior ARYAN race. 



The fact is we ourselves were the Aryans—NOT them as per DNA tests done extensively.  


When the first steam engine came to Mumbai, the British press had ridiculed Indians for getting scared to death—as “ stupid Indians thought it was the devil ”—and they all had a good sarcastic laugh over brandy and cigars.


The Maharaja of Baroda was summoned by East India Company bosses and warned not to finance any such projects, failing which they would take away his Kingdom.

Pretty soon Talpade’s partner and wife went died mysteriously and Talpade , without his wife and finances , went into deep depression and died in 1916.. 

Meanwhile the owners Rothschild German Jews , of British East India company , who ruled India , did frantic search all over India for Sanskrit texts and took it away to Germany.


Till then they never realized the worth of Vedic texts – as all thought it was bullshit shepherd’s verses of dreamers . This incident literally sent shick waves. 

All these texts are still missing.

Hitler had these translated texts with him. This is how he made SWASTIKA his symbol, as it was the symbol of the Saraswati civilization which existed from 9500 BC to 4000 BC , till Saraswati river dried up.

Imphotep was a Vedic Maharishi who built the Shpinx and gave the blue print for the Pyramids based on the Sri Yantra and the Golden ratio. Here are some pictures.
Below Vaishnavite Maharishi with U mark -- IMHOTEP.


Below IMHOTEP with key to Mount Meru called Ankh or the third eye of Lord Shiva



Below IMHOTEP with Lord Narasimhan--Vishnu half man , half lion avatar.


Below , check out the key ( Ankh ) of Imhotep under the beam, left hand side. ( someone has deliberately vandalised the beam ) . The King's chamber of the pyramids is build like Meru. The Roslyn chapel of Scotland has the picture of Meru and also the stone carving of Narasimhan..


Below here is a portion of the beam enlarged.

Helicopter

Submarine


Flying Vimana

Hovering Vimana



At that time Vimanas used to fly between Saraswati river basin , India – Alaska Stonehenge SE corner national park—Nazca in Peru—Ankor Wat Meru temple at Cambodia and Easter Island.  


After Talpade died Rothschild employees came to Vijay Wadi made an offer his relatives could NOT refuse , and took away the MARUTSHAKTI . Later Rally brothers took away his manuscripts and texts. Many Sanskrit scholars ( Kashmiri Pandits )  were kidnapped and they were never heard of.

It is no wonder that Hitler had a head start with missiles .Talpade studied and consulted a number of Vedic treatises like Brihad Vaimanika Shastra of Maharishi Bharadwaja Vimanachandrika of Acharya Narayan Muni Viman yantra of Maharish Shownik Yantra Kalp by Maharishi Garg Muni Viman Bindu of Acharya Vachaspati and Vimana Gyanarka Prakashika of Maharishi Dhundiraj’

In Vimana Yantra Sarvaswa , with eight chapters of diagrams . It is mentioned in great detail how to make a plane motionless, how to make it invisible, how to change over to aether ( akasha ZPF ) power from solar power in inter planetary travels, distant radar monitoring of other aircraft, how to listen to sounds inside other planes and underwater craft ( as Vimanas go under water too ), faster than light communications -- secrets of constructing planes which cannot be monitored or destroyed, with planetary gearing silent systems.  


Vaimaanika Shastra explains in detail ,  the metals and alloys and other required material, which can be make an aircraft imperishable in any condition. Planes which will not break (abhedya), or catch fire (adaahya) and which cannot be cut (achchedya) have been described. Along with the treatise there are diagrams of three types of aeroplanes - "Sundara", "Shukana" and "Rukma".

Mercury was known to Indian 11000 years ago as Bharatvarsha extended from Jerusalem to Urals to Cambodia.  Lot of Mercury was available in India and also at Kyrgyzstan and Afghanistan. Dharnidhar Samhita gives the 16 steps to purify Mercury and make a SOLID Shiva Lingam out of it. Arthashastra of 400 BC mentions mercury, in the military strategy section .

One of my Russian Chief Engineers who sailed with me was in Afghanistan , as he was a soldier . One of his comrades had handled some spent radioactive Mercury and the next day he was sent back to Russia , as his hair fell off.

So here is my advise to US soldiers—if you see Mercury in Afghan caves, keep away from it.  Mercury when heated emits immense radiation.  Russians found complex  ion engine Vimana parts in proper Vimana hangars of the caves of Afghanistan, and they took it away to Moscow .

In the Sanskrit Samarangana Sutradhara, which means “controller of the battlefield ”, it is written: “Strong and durable must the body of the Vimana be made, like a great flying bird of light material. Inside one must put the mercury engine with its iron heating apparatus underneath. By means of the power latent in the mercury which sets the driving whirlwind in motion, a man sitting inside may travel a great distance in the sky.

The movements of the Vimana are such that it can vertically ascend, vertically descend, move slanting forwards and backwards. With the help of the machines human beings can fly in the air and heavenly beings can come down to earth.”  "Antima" was "the cloak of invisibility" and "Garima" was how to "how to become as heavy and unmovable"   232 stanzas deal only with construction, and take off.

The mercury propellant is first vapourised fed into the thruster discharge chamber ionised converted into plasma by a combination with electrons broke down electrically and then gyro armature accelerated through small openings in a screen to pass out of the engine at velocities between extremely great speeds. Ionization of air shifts every colour of the spectrum and invisibilty can be achieved.
The mercury was held in 8 temperature and pressure resistant SODA LIME GLASS containers, as per Vimanaka Shastra . Yet it is someone else who invented glass as per the white man. Taxila University of 3000 BC, had 10500 seats for world students from Mesopotamia, Greece , Syria, China , Thailand, Russia , Arabia etc, and the Shatapata Brahmana text in Sanskrit tell how to make glass. The vimanas has transparent glass portholes.
 According to the Dronaparva, part of the 6000 year old Mahabarata, and the Ramayana, one Vimana described was shaped like a sphere and born along at great speed on a mighty wind generated by mercury. It moved like a UFO, going up, down, backwards and forewards as the pilot desired.  In another Vedic text, the Samar, Vimanas were "iron machines, well-knit and smooth, with a charge of mercury vortex that shot out of the back in the form of a buzzing flame."   Some of these Vimanas could go underwater too.


 The ancient Mahabharata, one of the sources on Vimanas, goes on to tell the awesome destructiveness of the scalar interferometer missiles of war:

"...(the weapon was) a single projectile 
charged with all the power of the Universe. 
An incandescent column of smoke and flame 
As bright as the thousand suns rose in all its splendor...

An iron thunderbolt,
A gigantic messenger of death,
Which reduced to ashes
The entire race of the Vrishnis
And the Andhakas.

... the corpses were so burned
As to be unrecognizable.
The hair and nails fell out;
Pottery broke without  cause,
And the birds turned white.

... After a few hours
All foodstuffs were infected...
... to escape from this fire
The soldiers jumped into streams
To save themselves and their equipment..."

One section very accurately describes what an atomic explosion would look like and the effects of the radioactivity on the population. Jumping into water is the only respite.


The Ramayana describes :

"The Puspaka car that resembles the Sun and belongs to my brother was brought by the powerful Ravan; that aerial and excellent car going everywhere at will .... that car resembling a bright cloud in the sky."

".. and the King [Rama] got in, and the excellent car at the command of the Raghira, rose up into the higher atmosphere."


In Mahabharata , Lord Krishna, is pursuing his enemy, Salva, in the sky, when Salva's Vimana, the Saubha puts on the cloak of invisibility.  Undeterred, Krishna immediately fires off a special weapon: 'I quickly laid on an arrow, which killed by seeking out sound'. Many other terrible weapons are described, quite matter of factly, in the Mahabharata, but the most fearsome of all is the one used against the Vrishis. The narrative records:

"Gurkha flying in his swift and powerful Vimana hurled against the three cities of the Vrishis and Andhakas a single projectile charged with all the power of the Universe. An incandescent column of smoke and fire, as brilliant as ten thousands suns, rose in all its splendour. It was the unknown weapon, the Iron Thunderbolt, a gigantic messenger of death which reduced to ashes the entire race of the Vrishnis and Andhakas."


In the Sanskrit Samarangana Sutradhara, it is written:

"Strong and durable must the body of the Vimana be made, like a great flying bird of light material. Inside one must put the mercury engine with its iron heating apparatus underneath. By means of the power latent in the mercury which sets the driving whirlwind in motion, a man sitting inside may travel a great distance in the sky. The movements of the Vimana are such that it can vertically ascend, vertically descend, move slanting forwards and backwards. With the help of the machines human beings can fly in the air and heavenly beings can come down to earth."


Aeronautics is described in Sanskrit in 100 sections, eight chapters, 500 principles and 3000 slokas including 32 techniques to fly an aircraft.  Depending on the classifications of eras or Yugas in modern Kaliyuga aircraft used are called Krithakavimana flown by the power of engines by absorbing solar energies!

In Kalidasa's ( 800 BC, Raghuvamsham ) Kumarasambhava, while describing Indra's chariot approaching earth from the skies, there is a remark by Mathali, Indra's chariot rider. He says, ""Aho udagra ramaneeyaa prithvi""(How beautiful is the earth looking from here""!)It could have been probably told only by people who travelled in the skies.




The Rig Veda, the oldest document of the human race includes references to the following modes of transportation: Jalayan - a vehicle designed to operate in air and water (Rig Veda 6.58.3); Kaara- Kaara- Kaara- a vehicle that operates on ground and in water. (Rig Veda 9.14.1); Tritala- Tritala- Tritala- a vehicle consisting of three stories. (Rig Veda 3.14.1); Trichakra Ratha - Trichakra Ratha - Trichakra Ratha - a three-wheeled vehicle designed to operate in the air. (Rig Veda 4.36.1); Vaayu Ratha- Vaayu Ratha- Vaayu Ratha- a gas or wind-powered chariot. (Rig Veda 5.41.6); Vidyut Ratha- Vidyut Ratha- Vidyut Ratha- a vehicle that operates on power. (Rig Veda 3.14.1).



Sage Agastya is mentioned in Mahabharata of 4000 BC. The "Agastya Samhita" gives us Agastya`s descriptions of two types of aeroplanes. The first is a "chchatra" (umbrella or balloon) to be filled with hydrogen. The process of extracting hydrogen from water is described in elaborate detail and the use of electricity in achieving this is clearly stated. This was stated to be a primitive type of plane, useful only for escaping from a fort when the enemy had set fire to the jungle all around. Hence the name "Agniyana". The second type of aircraft mentioned is somewhat on the lines of the parachute. It could be opened and shut by operating chords. This aircraft has been described as "vimanadvigunam" i.e. of a lower order than the regular aeroplane. 
 
Maharishi Bharadwaja is one of the Sapt Rishis and the guru of Dronacharya of Mahabharata , who lived in 4200 BC.  Bharadwaja states that there are thirty-two secrets of the science of aeronautics. Of these some are astonishing and some indicate an advance even beyond our own times. For instance the secret of "para shabda graaha", i.e. a cabin for listening to conversation in another plane, has been explained by elaborately describing an electrically worked sound-receiver .  Later in modern times, this was re-discovered by Nikola Tesla.

In "shatru vimana kampana kriya" and "shatru vimana nashana kriya" gves details on resonating and destroying enemy aircraft,  as well as photographing enemy planes, rendering their occupants unconscious and making one`s own plane invisible. In Vastraadhikarana, the chapter describing the dress and other wear required while flying, talks in detail about the wear for both the pilot and the passenger separately.

In Srimad Bhagavatam it is described that a great mystic named Kardama Muni created an entire floating city in which he and his wife toured around the world. Another Rishi Maya Danava built an entire flying city for Salva. Among other wonderful qualities it possessed the following:
A special navigation system for seeing at night, high speed capability to avoid detection from the ground, and the ability to become either completely invisible or to appear as if there were many copies of it flying in the sky.

The astras or ancient scalar interferometry missiles were far superior in the respect that it can be directed to search and destroy one person, in contrast to the modern nuclear weapons which kill thousands of innocent people indiscriminately. The Brahmastra is created and directed by longitudinal wave , sound vibration. Only highly evolved seers are given the Mantras  to trigger a Brahmastra, as it involves resonating the 12 strand DNA with a king sized pineal gland.


Vedic Vimanas or flying saucers used mercury vortex ion engines. The ion engine was first demonstrated by German-born NASA scientist Ernst Stuhlinger.  The Vedic texts were taken to Germany by Hermann Gundert.

The use of ion propulsion systems were first demonstrated in space by the NASA Lewis “ Space Electric Rocket Test SERT.. These thrusters used mercury as the reaction mass. The first was SERT 1, launched July 20, 1964, successfully proved that the technology operated as predicted in space. The second test, SERT-II, launched on February 3, 1970, verified the operation of two mercury ion engines for thousands of running hours.



The kings chamber coffin , of the Giza pyramid  is NOT a coffin . It used to contain mercury, exported from India . The apex of the Giza pyramids used to give a blue glow which could be seen thousands of miles. 

In the video below, 1.4 billion Chinese and 1.2 billion Indians making up 3 out of 6 people on earth do NOT have brains to get a Nobel prize, right?  Yet it is strange inconsistency that if you go to any US university, the Computer Science and Electronic strain classes (which require brains and competition ), have only Indians and Chinese , with a sprinkling of whites. Does the Nobel prize have any meaning, when the only time a Muslim gets it for peace , is for throwing mud on Muslims, on behalf of Jews?
*******************************************************************************
RUDOLF HESS , A HONOURABLE MAN WHO WAS FRAMED- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

   
THE STRANGE STORY OF PEACE MAKER RUDOLF RICHARD HESS-- MURDER MOST FOUL OF A FINE HUMAN BEING-- NOBEL PRIZE FOR NAZI HESS WHO TRIED TO STOP A WAR

If there as anybody among my readers who are perceptive channels and can READ eyes, look into the picture above and ask yourself " Are these the eyes of a cold blooded soldier, who deserved jail for 47 years ?"
"I regret nothing. If I were to begin all over again, I would act again as I did—even if I knew that what awaited me in the end was the stake at which I was to be burned alive. It makes no difference what men may do to me. One day I shall stand before the judgment seat of the Eternal. To Him I shall answer; and I know that He will pronounce me innocent." -  Rudolf Walter Richard Hess, Nuremberg 1946
"When a true genius appears in the world, you may know him by the sign that the dunces are all in a conspiracy against him." – Jonathan Swift 


I must warn you that this post will be a shocker. 

You may wonder what the hell is happening. How can a lid be put on truth in this manner.

Rudolf Walter Richard Hess was the No 2 man of Hitler's cabinet. Hitler had willed that in case he dies, Hess was to step into his shoes.

On July 21st 2011, the grave of Rudolf Hess was exhumed , nay vandalized -- and his bones whisked away, incinerated and thrown into the sea, in great haste. 




His grave had become a popular pilgrimage spot for Neo Nazis . It was also a pilgrimage spot for thousands of good people , including non-Germans , who genuinely felt that a great injustice was done to a honourable peace maker.

Here is a video , which amply describes the feelings of the people who went to this pilgrimage spot.  To be frank the song is inspiring, to people who support the truth. 



SAYING THE TRUTH IS NOT RACISM , OR ANTI-SEMITISM RIGHT?



In the Internet age it is impossible to suppress the truth. 

I am a Indian Hindu, who has been travelling around the world for 4 decades , with a ear and eye for correcting distorted history.   

World war 2 was NOT India's war, as at that time we were slaves of the British . It must be known that the owners of British East India company who enslaved us by deceit and divide and rule , was German Jews Rothschild--yes-- the famous Jew financiers who is now at the receiving end of anti-wall street protests.  

I don't need to take sides, and I will be as objective as possible. I have heard the German version of the truth in Germany and the Jew version of the truth while in Israel. 

India is closer to Israel than to Germany. A Hindu is a Jew's best friend, and Jews have never ever been persecuted in India, despite their inherent clannishness and eagerness to make easy money. And remember-- a Jew is NOT a Zionist.   

No sane Jew will say a Indian Hindu who gave them refuge from persecutions for milleniums , is a Jew hater--unless he is UNGRATEFUL 

The Hindu and Jew histories are enmeshed since the past 9000 years--i do hope you know what this means. 3000 years ago in the times of King Solomon , Kerala has figured in Jerusalem history. You will find Indian DNA in Jerusalem. Shiva temples with black meteorite stones (like the stone at Kaaba ) has been found even in an Island like Cyprus. Vedic Mandalas from the days of Vikramaditya , have been found in Gobleki Tepi Turkey.



A Zionist can even be a Christian Anglo Saxon or even a Muslim who is on a Zionist payroll-- or by blackmail.



Today in this Internet era of truth and transparency every good Christian Anglo Saxon knows what dirty Jewish secrets were suppressed by the Zionist Rothschild Jews controlled media , hell bent on creating a state of Israel. 


Most of us know that Winston Churchill ( his mother Jenny Jerome was Rothschild ) , General Eisenhower ( called in the academy as Swedish Jew,while actually he is German Jew ) ) and President FD Roosevelt ( Dutch Jewish ancestory ) were all Zionist Jews, totally controlled by Zionists Rothschild and their Jewish agents like Democrat US Senator Henry Morgenthau and Bernard Baruch .


Millions know that Rothschild Jew financier Barnard Baruch installed Winston Churchill and President Roosevelt on their thrones, and that they danced to his tunes .



We all know that honourable General Patton was murdered as he was about to expose the death camps of Ike after the war, where 1.7 million Germans were starved .



All know that General Eisenhower was blackmailed by Rothschild by means of a honey trap in the form of the attractive Half Russian Jewish woman Kathleen Helen McCarthy-Morrogh , who was his chauffeur..

  

Hundreds of people just before dying wrote down signed confessions before magistrates, and spilled the truth of what really happened during the Second World War. 

And a dying man usually will NOT tell a lie--and definitely all of them will NOT have the same story, if it was a lie.



Now it is high time every body knew about Hitler's immediate deputy Rudolf Hess who was a good man.


He was NOT a killer.

He did NOT commit any war crimes.

All he tried was to stop the war spiralling out of control, with Rothschild Jew financing both sides.


Hitler sent Hess as his personal emissary to make a splash in Britain's news papers , so that the common man knows what is going on . Churchill did NOT want any peace.


Hess had extensive dealings with senior leaders of major European nations during the 1930s. His education, family man image, high office, and calm, forthright manner all served to make him the more respectful and respectable representative of the often otherwise crude and vulgar Nazis.

Compared with other Nazi leaders, aristocratic Hess had the best reputation among foreign leaders Though Hess worshipped Hitler more than the others, he was not nakedly ambitious and did not crave power in the same manner they did .

Hess was privately distressed by the war with the United Kingdom because he, in line with earlier statements by Hitler himself, hoped that Britain would accept Germany as an ally.  English royalty was all of German blood .

On the eve of war with the Soviet Union, he flew solo to Scotland , with a message for peace from Hitler himself.  Hess was arrested and became a POW.  On 10 May 1941, at about 6:00pm, Hess took off from Augsburg in a Messerschmitt Bf 110 (radio code VJ+OQ) which he had equipped with drop tanks to increase its range.  


Hess crash landed at Floors Farm near Eaglesham at 23.09pm and gave his name as "Alfred Horn", a friend of the Duke of Hamilton; he asked to be taken to the Duke. Hess, however, was taken to hospital for injuries sustained during his descent. Hamilton was informed of the prisoner and visited him whereupon he revealed his true identity. Hamilton immediately contacted Winston Churchill, and informed him of the Deputy Führer's arrival.

The wreckage of the aircraft was salvaged by 63 Maintenance Unit between 11 and 16 May 1941. The aeroplane was found to be armed with machine guns in the nose but there was no ammunition on board.

Hess was quoted by his wife Ilse as saying:

"My coming to England in this way is, as I realise, so unusual that nobody will easily understand it. I was confronted by a very hard decision. I do not think I could have arrived at my final choice unless I had continually kept before my eyes the vision of an endless line of children's coffins with weeping mothers behind them, both English and German, and another line of coffins of mothers with mourning children”




Churchill sent Hess initially to the Tower of London making Hess the last in the long line of prominent people to be held in the 900 year-old fortress.  Churchill's instructions were that Hess should be strictly isolated, and that every effort should be taken to get any information out of him

Rudolf Hess was a British prisoner of war before the holocaust started, before the German attack on Russia, before Pearl Harbour, so neither the Jews, the Russians nor the Americans can have had much of a case against Hess.

There absolute evidence with several witnesses testifying that Hess who was declared mad by Churchill was never mad but was subjected to drug assisted interrogations which upset the balance of his mind ; that his attempted suicide after a mere five weeks of British detention was a symptomatic reaction to drug excess.  There was always a team of physicians attending to him.

Hess had fallen into a madness trap of his own creation. Before his take off he left behind a letter addressed to Hitler suggesting if his mission became an embarrassment he could be declared mad and disowned.

When it became obvious the mission was failing, so as to forestall the expected avalanche of British propaganda, Goebbels, the German propaganda minister, issued a statement that Hess was ill and mentally unstable .

Goebbels announcement of insanity in Hess suited Churchill perfectly and he seized on it. Madness gave Churchill the excuse to isolate Hess from the Press and avoid having his seductive peace offer made public. It also gave Hess’s MI6 doctor a ready made cover for Sodium Penthanol truth serum drug assisted interrogation,



CHURCHILL AND ROOSEVELT WANTED INFORMATION FROM HESS ABOUT THE SECRET UNDERGROUND NAZI UFO PROJECT AT ANTARTICA , BASED ON MERCURY ION VORTEX VIMANA TECHNOLOGY , STOLEN FROM VEDIC SANSKRIT TEXTS FROM INDIA.


Sodium Penthothal or Sodium Thiopental tried on Hess was famously associated with a number of anesthetic deaths in trauma victims of the attack on Pearl Harbour. Hess was resilient enough , but they damaged his sharp mind by repeated doses .



Hess under personal order from Hitler , when he flew solo to Scotland and parachuted down high profile to meet the Duke of Hamilton , a friend of his deputy. He came with a peace plan that could not fail to end the war with the British Empire once it was made public in newspapers  and expose the hidden Zionist Israel Balfour declaration agenda of Churchill, Eisenhower and President Roosevelt.


Hitler was desperately trying to end the war between the two closely related white races, Germany and England. Most all of his Ministers, Goering, Ribbentrop, Hess, Himmler and Canaris were already involved in separate covert attempts to secure a peace with Churchill.

All these attempts were resolutely rebuffed by Churchill , who was hell bent on creating a state of Israel for the Jews and taking orders from Rothschild.

Hitler’s plan to land his deputy Hess was sheer diplomatic genius.  His No 2 man Hess took such a risk because he was convinced he had come with a plan that could not fail once it was made public.

Churchill gave out cock and bull stories that Hess came on his own without telling Hitler. But then why did Hitler give the wife of such a traitor a hefty pension. Hitler , was notoriously sort fused and was paranoid about being betrayed .

When he heard Hess had been captured,  and imprisoned instead of being sent back with a peace negotiation offer , he "did not seem surprised,  nor did he rant and rave about what Hess had done".

On 15 October 1941, Hess made his first suicide attempt by throwing himself over the rail of the first floor balcony, but he only broke his leg. Hess was in captivity for almost four years of the war .


He was flown to Nuremberg in October 1945. In 1946,  Hess was delivered victor’s justice and declared guilty of crimes against. He was found not guilty of war crimes or crimes against humanity, and the messenger of peace was given a life sentence to the surprise of all .



Rudolf Walter Richard Hess  attempted suicide on several occasions; claimed that his food was being poisoned (samples of these foods were brought to Nuremberg for analysis by Hess) . Despite the fact that he had been absent from Germany since 1941 (before the atrocities had taken place), he dispelled any mitigation the judges may have considered in his closing statement, when he declared that he had no regrets and would have taken the same course of action again.


He was speaking for himslef—he had done nothing wrong other than loving his country and being loyal as a soldier to its chosen leader.

During the Nuremberg Trials, Hess claimed he had ‘a secret which would shake the prosecution to its foundation.He was never allowed to tell that, but repeated told to answer in YES or NO.

For someone who could not be very guilty of very much, forty-one years of solitary confinement seems puzzling savage unless Hess had a secret that must never be divulged to the outside world.

As time passed and the sheer injustice of Hess’s sentence became a discomfort even to Sir Hartley Shawcross, the British Chief Prosecutor at Nuremburg, who added his name to the swelling petitions for a humanitarian release. These petitions were always countered by cock and bull claims it was the Russians who refused to allow him to go free. 

In 1987 Premier Gorbachev planned a propaganda coup to demonstrate Russian glasnost (openness) by releasing Rudolf Hess from his isolation in Spandau. The British Zionists , unexpectedly deprived of their forty year old Russian excuse, would have had to release Hess immediately. So it was arranged he must be silenced for good.  

Hess was murdered on 17th Aug 1987.

He was found in a summer house in a garden located in a secure area of the prison with an electrical cord wrapped around his neck. His death was ruled a suicide by self  asphyxiation.

The final slip-ups were revealed at the post mortem when expert opinion stated that Hess was too weak from a stroke and too crippled with arthritis to be able to tie the required knots that hanged him. Moreover, the ligature marks on his neck were angled more consistent with a garroting than from a suicidal hanging and finally, most damning, the suicide note crassly presented was an obvious faked re-release of a ‘last note’ written twenty years earlier when Hess, having emergency surgery after a burst stomach ulcer, reasoned it would be more convenient for the Allies that he should not survive the knife and so wrote a last note which was represented as a suicide note.

Here is the  affidavit of Hess’s nurse.
Affidavit of Abdallah Melaouhi

Transcript of the affidavit of Abdallah Melaouhi, the civil male nurse, who cared for Rudolf Hess for five years. This affidavit is the only eyewitness report from within the prison on the day Rudolf Hess died, 17th August 1987.

TO: The Service Registering Officer for North West Europe

In the Matter of the Births, Deaths and Marriages (Special Provisions) Act 1957

AND in the Matter of the Entry in the Register of Deaths of RUDOLF WALTHER RICHARD HESS

I, ABDALLAH MELAOUHI, of [address - censored due to privacy] do solemnly and sincerely declare as follows:

I worked as a male nurse caring for Rudolf Hess from 1 August 1982 until his death on 17 August 1987 at the Allied Military Prison in Spandau. I received a Diploma in anaesthesia and the intensive care of sick people.

On the day of Mr Hess' death, 17 August 1987, I commenced my duties, which involved caring for Mr Hess, as usual at 6.45 a.m. I assisted him, as was usual, with showering and dressing, and was present when he ate a meal at 10.30 a.m.

At no time did he give any indication that his state of mind was disturbed or that he was unduly depressed. I am always absent in any event from midday, during my noon pause.

At 2 p.m. I was called to the prison from my flat which was located outside, but in the immediate vicinity of, the prison (to which I had gone on my return from the town of Spandau). I reached the summerhouse in the prison garden where I was told that there had been an incident. The small door at the front of the summerhouse was closed.

When I entered the summerhouse, the scene was like a wrestling match had taken place; the entire place was in confusion. The straw tiled mat which covered the floor was in disarray, although only the day before I had cleaned the floor and had left the straw tiled mat carefully arranged in its usual place.
A tall lamp had fallen over, but I clearly remember that the cable attached to the lamp was still connected to the main socket. It was this lamp cable which the authorities later said that Mr Hess had used to hang himself. A round table and Mr Hess's armchair had also been overturned. In summary, none of the furniture or equipment was in its usual place, and there is no question in my mind but that a struggle had taken place in the summerhouse.

The body of Mr Hess was lying on the floor of the summerhouse, apparently lifeless. Near to his body stood two soldiers dressed in US Army uniforms. I had never seen either soldier before. I also saw an American guard, whom I knew as a Mr Tony Jordan. There was no cable anywhere near the body of Mr Hess; as I have said, the only cable was attached to the fallen lamp which was still plugged into the wall.

I immediately proceeded to examine Mr Hess. I could not detect any respiration, pulse or heartbeat. I estimated that death had occurred 30 to 40 minutes earlier.

The guard whom I knew as Jordan stood near Mr Hess's feet and appeared overwrought. He was sweating heavily, his shirt was saturated with sweat and he was not wearing a tie. I said to Jordan: "what have you done with him?" He replied: "The pig is finished, you won't have to work a night shift any longer

A doctor and a medical orderly whom I did not recognise arrived from the English Military Hospital in an ambulance. They brought a heart-lung machine into the summerhouse. I tried to operate the machine but it did not appear to function.
Mr Hess was taken to hospital. I accompanied him and made further unsuccessful attempts to resuscitate him in the ambulance. There were final unsuccessful attempts to resuscitate him by the doctors at the hospital. He was pronounced dead at the hospital at 16.10 hours.

During the five years in which I daily cared for Mr Hess, I was able to obtain a clear and accurate impression of his physical capabilities. I do not consider, given his physical condition, that it would have been possible for Mr Hess to have committed suicide in the manner later published by the Allied powers. He had neither the strength nor the mobility to place an electric flex around his neck, knot it and either hang or strangle himself. Mr Hess was so weak that he needed a special chair to help him stand up.

He was almost blind. If ever he fell to the ground he could not get up again. Most significantly, his hands were crippled with arthritis; he was not able, for example, to tie his shoelaces.  I consider that he was incapable of the degree of manual dexterity necessary to manipulate the electric flex as suggested.

Further, he was not capable of lifting his arms above his shoulders; it is therefore in my view not possible that he was able to attach the electric flex to the window catch from which he is alleged to have suspended himself.

Having regard to first Mr Hess' physical condition; second, the scene which I discovered in the summerhouse, in particular the location of the electric flex; and third, the surrounding circumstances as I have described them, I am firmly of the view that Mr Hess could not possibly have committed suicide as has been claimed. In my view, it is clear that he met his death by strangulation, at the hands of a third party.

Declared before me at: [handwritten "Berlin"]

Signature of Declarant: [signature of Abdallah Melaouhi]
on: [handwritten "17.2.1994"]

Qualification of person or officer taking the declaration: Reinhard Gizinski, Notary Public, Berlin

At Nuremberg he was found NOT guilty of war crimes or crimes against humanity (civilians), yet he was the most harshly treated spending forty seven years in solitary confinement.  .

Since 1966 Hess was the sole remaining inmate of  Spandau Prison  .  Britain's chief prosecutor at Nuremberg, Sir Hartley Shawcross declared  Hess's continued imprisonment as a "scandal

No visits were allowed and his letters and communication were subject to censorship.

Hess’s glasses would be taken away before lights out. They repeatedly destroying his notebooks,  and blocked visits by Hess’s lawyer



Spandau Prison was subsequently demolished to prevent it from becoming a shrine. 



His gravestone, which read "Ich hab's gewagt," or "I have dared," was taken down, according to Germany's Spiegel Online. 

The incident was one of the war's biggest mysteries—solved in the Internet age which upstaged the Zionist controlled media.. 


Now it is high time every body knew about Hitler's immediate deputy Rudolf Hess who was a good man.

He was NOT a killer. He did NOT commit any war crimes.

All he tried was to stop a world war which would spiral out of control, with Rothschild hell bent on creating Israel , financing both sides.


Hitler sent him as his personal emissary just to make a splash in the World's news papers , so that the common man fed dis-information by Rothschild controlled media and stooges, knows what is going on .






Rudolf Hess despaired at the total lack of peace negotiations.  Hitler had several times proposed an honorable end to the war and ardently desired a negotiated peace but German diplomats were rebuffed repeatedly by Rothschild controlled Churchill .

Hardly anybody knows that Hitler even offered to resign if that would assist the commencement of peace negotiations, but their efforts met with no response. This was declared on 20th January 1943 Joseph E. Davis, U.S. Ambassador to the Soviet Union (1936/38)  This was not reported by Zionist controlled media, to the people .  

Visions of long rows of coffins of women and children haunted Rudolf Hess in his dreams and getting peace negotiations moving became his top priority.

Warmonger Winston Churchill, had forbidden his diplomatic corps to entertain or forward any German peace proposals, even via neutral countries.

The British Duke of Hamilton was identified by Hitler as a man sympathetic to the British "Peace Movement", who had personal contact with King George. Many British subjects openly opposed to the war had been imprisoned by Churchill, including a British member of parliament.

Desperate Rudolf wanted to bypass Churchill and take Hitler's last ditch peace proposals directly to the king, via the Duke--- millions of lives stood to be saved.. He knew that both American, and British people did NOT want war, though their Zionist controlled governments were fanning the flames.


It proved too difficult to set up a meeting in a neutral country and therefore Rudolf decided to go to Scotland and do the job himself. He thought the highest price he could pay was his own death. This assumption was mistaken. The price he would pay was much, much higher.

After Hess's plane crashlanded they body searched him and found a 7 Point peace plan from Hitler with his signature , in his pocket. The German Leader's Peace Plan included: 

a) The withdrawal of all German Troops from Poland, Belgium, France & Holland. 
b) Reimbursement for war damage to those countries 
c) Total German disarmament 
d) The destruction of all German war weaponry. 

This offer threw the Zionists into turmoil. Churchill's hastily improvised government had by then reached the point of no return.

Pl read my post in Google search CHURCHILL HENCHMAN OR HERO- VADAKAYIL to know the evil man Churchill better.

46 years of pain--below





   
MAY 10TH THE DAY, RUDOLF HESS , THE GERMAN PEACE AMBASSADOR PARACHUTED INTO SCOTLAND MUST BE OBSERVED AS "RUDOLF HESS DAY"-- 

Google are your listening?

If Germany is truly a FREE country they must immediately institute a PEACE prize --which should carry more weight that the sheenless Zionist Jew controlled Nobel prize. And may be your first Rudolf Hess Peace prize should go posthumous to Mahatma Gandhi




It has been proven in recent years, that most of the pictures of corpse heaps taken in Germany during WW II, purporting to be Jewish victims of ''racial extermination,'' were actually pictures of German civilians and POW ( 1.7 million ) who had died under American war criminals commanded by General Eisenhower AFTER WW2 was over..  In addition 5.7 million German civilians died of starvation--in a year USA had a bumper food crop.

Nuremberg committee did NOT bother about mind boggling war crimes related to bombing Hiroshima, Nagasaki and Dresden.

Long ago, I had asked one of my German friends " Why don't you guys tell your side of the story?" 

He replied " Every body is scared because if you do that the IRS will get you , destroy your first with false charges and then put you away behind bars. There was this famous case where a young German boy who kept a picture of Hitler in his bed room , was tried and killed --like in the middle age witch hunts "

I had got the same answer from some of my good Christian American friends, about IRS destroying " truth finders " and " revisionists ".

It is better to be united in truth 
Than to be united in error. 

It is better to tell the truth that hurts - then heals, 
Than to tell a lie that heals then kills. 

It is better to be hated for telling the truth, Than to be loved for telling a lie. 

It is better to ultimately win with the truth, Than to temporarily succeed with a lie.
- US State Senator Edwin Gochenour (1953 1999)

To tarnish the clean image of Rudolph Hess -- the Zionist Jew owned media who controls the world press , has gone into overdrive spreading bullshit propaganda that he was a homosexual and that he was called "brown mouse"
*******************************************************************************
SEEING WITHOUT GLASSES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
I have been asked by some, as to how 9000 years ago, ancient Vedic Maharishis lives upto 200 years and wrote and did astronomy without glasses.

Well, I must first tell you something--

First look at the picture below. It shows pinhole glasses. IT is nothing by a black sheet with holes. The bunglow is my next door neighbour ( view from my back yard balcony ) 



You have short sighted people and long sighted people. Long sighted people can see far away, but they cant read a book-- and this is corrected by wearing glasses with convex lens--and VICE VERSA.

If you wear thick glasses and cannot read a book without your glasses, take a black piece of thick paper, make couple of holes , and try to read a book in BRIGHT light.

Surprised?

Throw away that sheet .

Now just squint though your eyelashes by closing your eyes and see if your eyelashes provide the same magic effect in BRIGHT light.

Surprised?

Well this pinhole spectacles were being used in India by normal people 11000 years ago. Maharishis who had 12 strand NIL junk DNA, and king sized pineal glands had special auras and they could read through this aura, without glasses or squinting like you and me with 2 strand 96% junk DNA and shrivelled pineal glands.

Now let us try an experiment for short sighted people . These people cannot see a TV kept at a distance without glasses. Check it out.

Each pinhole permits only a narrow beam of light to reach the eye.  The light passes only through the centre of the lens of the eye. So any defects of the eye lens won't take effect while the light is targeted in that way. Peripheral vision will be reduced , of course.


Ancient Indians made microscopes by putting a small diamond lens on a pinhole. 

Diamond cutting is a very old industry in India--and you cant cut a diamond without enlarging it.

The Vedic text Ratna Pariksha deals with diamond cutting--and CRITICAL ANGLES, which you cant do with the naked eye..

INDIA WAS THE ONLY SOURCE OF DIAMONDS IN THE WORLD TILL  DIAMONDS WERE FOUND IN SOUTH AFRICA IN 1886.

For telescopes Vedic Indians used diamond lenses or even water.



Our ancient wax palace of Mahabharata of 4000 BC. had glass windows. Our Vedic Vimanas had 8 mercury containers with heat and shatter resistant resistant soda lime glass, and had portholes made of glass.

The World Univeristy of Taxila of 3000 BC with a capacity for 10500 students, from Mesopamia , Greece, Arabia, China Russia, Thailand , Syria etc -- were taught glass making from a Vedic text by the name of Shatapata Brahmana. 



They magnified texts by putting clear water in a semi globes--it can be magnified further by putting a drop of clear oil ..





To check out the magnification offered by a WATER LENS-- seeing is believing, right?
*******************************************************************************
VINOD KAMBLI AND MATCH FIXING ALLEGATION WORLD CUP 96 -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



MOHAMMED AZHARUDDIN VERSUS VINOD KAMBLI --  TAKE IT EASY YOU POMPOUS TUFTS-- KAMBLI, THE OPIUM OF THE MASSES




Yesterday I saw Indian ex-cricket captain Azharuddin and lot of so called cricket heavy weights slam Vinod Kambli on national TV.

Terms used by Azharuddin against Kambli are LACKS CHARACTER,  POOR BACK GROUND,  NO EDUCATION,  HE PLAYED CRICKET BECAUSE OF ME , HE HAS LOST HIS MENTAL BALANCE,  MORE INTERESTED IN GOLD JEWELLERY etc.  

Why have the TV channels aired such malicious personal attack.

(Would he dare do this to Navjot Singh Sidhu? --- he would re-arrange his ugly face!)



Hey-- Vinod Kambli and Sachin Tendulkar have the same level of education. 

And I got to see virtually everybody including Saurav Ganguly doing "Kambli bashing" merrily.

I must remind everybody--

Cricket has been ruined by politics. 

Even today talented people never get to play.   It is all about being on the right side of the " nice nellies " in BCCI.

If Kambi , with no god father ( Sachin was his fair weather friend ) was in the team Ganguly could have never brown nosed in.

Talented cricketers like Vinod Kambli and nowadays Ambati Rayudu , have always been pushed into the back ground. 

Who the hell is Azhar and Ganguly to criticize Kambli?

What about the starlet Bollywood tete e tete lovers of Azhar and Ganguly? 

Does anybody realise that Vinod Kambli's FIRST CLASS batting average is 60 which is higher than that of Tendulkar ( 57.9 ) , Dravid ( 55 )  , Lakshman ( 52 ), Ganguly ( 43 ) Azharuddin ( 51 )  Gavaskar ( 51) and Sehwag ( 49 )

Vinod Kambli's Test average (54.2 ) is better that Dravid ( 53 ) Laxman ( 46 ) Ganguly ( 42 ) Azharuddin ( 45 )  Gavaskar ( 51) and Sehwag ( 52 ).   Tendulkar's ( 54.1) .

Kambli was a talented cricketer and a great entertainer in and off the field.  

He has millions of fans-- more fans than Ganguly or Azharuddin. 

I am one of them--

And who the hell is Azharuddin to talk about character?. 

Kambli disintegrated because of his first Anglo Indian wife Noella-- a hasty choice, based on attractive looks alone.  We shippies know her.



Yes, Kambli was from a poor family, so what? 

Or is all this because of his black complexion and afro hair ? 

This man who said " Uncle, maine match banaya " ( CBI uncle sir, I fixed the match !") -and who left his simple first wife and kids for starlet Sangeeta Bijlani and Rolex watches--and now he is gallivanting to some worn out badminton shuttle.

-- and starlet Nagma let go Saurav Ganguly because " I love India !" ( sic! ).  Everybody knows what they had been doing chupke chupke.  There is no need to read juicy Internet stories.

--and if Kambli likes to wear gold jewellery , so fuckin' what? 

One when I went for a ship delivery in Croatia, one of the Yard managers asked me-- "I saw you yesterday walking around at 1 AM at the dangerous and deserted riveria with Chief Engineer. Are you NOT afraid of getting mugged with this mini fortune around your neck with a ruby, a saphire and rare tiger claws?"

I replied " It is NOT so easy to steal my chain, unless the goons have a gun. The red and blue stones are to balance my Ajna and Muladhara chakras -- and it is no use telling you that. The gold is an emergency fund , for I am a traveller".



Kambli--the darling of the masses--nay-- the opium of the masses--MURDERING Shane Warne, the kingpin of Aussie pride.




Kambli started his Ranji trophy career with a resounding six off the first ball. This sums up Kambli—the merry maverick and the non-conformist.

According to all the players who played with Kambli and Sachin,  Kambli was considered to be a better talented of the two, by far. Kambli had an exciting start to his test career making two double-centuries and two centuries in just seven tests.

He lacked a mentor at that stage—and all players wanted him to self destruct, because he was cocky.

Tendulkar was rejected from a group of 50 boys by the school coach Ramakanth Achrekar, which included Vinod Kambli.

Tendulkar started crying and went home dejected. Next day his elder brother Ajit Tendulkar, pulled strings and got him into the group-- thus kick starting an amazing career.



How many of you think that Sachin Tendulkar is worthy to be in Rajya Sabha, considering his stooges are clamoring for this .  Do you think this selfish and greedy man will even attend the Parliament, unless he is given a huge amount for every day he attends Parliament ? 

To this day, the picture of Vinod Kambli crying as he walked back to the dressing room remains one of the iconic and poignant images of cricket.  The crowd who smelt a rat, was hoppin' mad.



India's captain, Mohammad Azharuddin, bore the brunt of the wrath for his STUPID decision to field first, and his house had to be placed under armed guard.
Azhar was made captain only because he could toe the BCCI line and never rock the boat. But rock the country with "match fixing" he did.   BCCI shoved off Srikant as soon as he started asserting himself as a captain, in Pakistan-- why don't you ask him?.

--and Venkatpati Raju supports Azhar!  WOOOO !! we are all touched like Madonna--

Who is this blessed Raju?

I had once seen the duo at Hyderabad airport-- with Raju literally being the chamcha --  nay- shadow or Azhar, who was running around here are there with his collar up, with Raju in pathetic tow.  How credible is this man's talk?

--- and who has allowed all these pompous tufts to run down Kambli?


Easy boys!!

-- INDIAN CRICKET FANS WHO CHEERED THE LOUDEST FOR VINOD KAMBLI , HAVE LONG MEMORIES .






Kambli was from a poor family. School cricket coach Ramakant Achrekar took care of his travelling expenses.  His class teacher at Shardashram paid for his schooling.  Tendulkar treated him to vada paav in the evenings after a match , and his friend Ashish gave him dinner.  

Despite all the bad times he was going through, there was always a smile on his face.  He made nine comebacks , which is a record .  

Kambli , the stroke player was the most popular guy in the Mumbai Ranji team, and he got the loudest cheers from the crowd.  Who cares for grafters ?
And here is a true MENTOR-- he deserved the Dronacharya award!  A statue of his should be installed at Shivaji park ground.
*******************************************************************************
THE ASSASSINATION OF GENERAL GEORGE PATTON - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


MURDER OF GENERAL PATTON

If you read my profile, I have named 3 Hollywood movies which are my favourites.

One of them is Patton, in which actor George C Scott lived the role.



Patton is my hero and role model too..

General Patton was born into a rich and aristocratic soldiering family. He was a devout Christian and an all American hero. The soldiers were in awe of this larger than life romantic " blood an guts warrior".



In those days if you ask any American mother," Under which general would you like you son to fight the war?" --the answer was always the same " Patton!"



Patton was a war hero, highly decorated for his bravery . He was wounded on his leg during the First Wold War, for which he received the Purple heart.

The reason was,  this man understood the art of fighting. Under his charismatic and bold leadership, the foot soldier stood a lesser chance of losing his life.

Patton's motivating motto was " The faster you end this war, the lesser the lives would be lost". Patton was brave in the face of adversity.

He stood 5th in the gruelling Pentathlon event of the 1912 Stockholm Olympics.

The Second world war was engineered by the Zionist Jewish Rothschild bankers , who wanted to carve out a state of Israel.



Zionist Jews Rothschild controlled the war with their three chosen Zionist Jew leaders.  US president FD Roosevelt was of Dutch Jewish ancestry. Winston Churchill's mother was a Jewish . General Eisenhower was a Jewish German-- though nick named in the academy as " that terrible Swedish Jew".



Patton was against all this " creating new state of Israel " conspiracy. He did NOT know how deep this conspiracy ran till WW2 was nearly getting over.



So the Zionists set him up.  Patton found a young Jewish soldier crying in the hospital tent . He asked him what his problem was and the soldier told him that he was scared . 





Below video: Patton slapping the cowardly Jewish soldier--  ( every month they keep deleting this video  just because the soldier is a JEW .)

 

Patton known for his volatile temper, immediately called him a yellow bellied Jew and slapped him lightly with his gloves.



Immediately a Jewish reporter Drew Pearson under instructions from the Zionist lobby splashed this incident all over the newspapers of USA--  and then got false referendums and rigged opinion polls. Patton was immediately superseded by Jewish General Mark Clark, whom the US soldiers hated like the plague.

General Eisenhower was far junior to Patton. 

But Jew Eisenhower ( Ike ) was the chosen one. He would create the state of Israel along with Jew Churchill and Jew Roosevelt.

Ike was chosen by Jew Bernard Baruch, the Rothschild agent in USA. President Roosevelt was the stooge of Baruch.


So despite General Mc Arthur spoiling Colonel Eisenhower's service report by stating " Ike was the best clerk I ever had ", he got 5 stars and vaulted over two dozen senior officers , including General Marshall and was made supreme Allied commander of the WW2 operations.




When WWII actually started for America in 1941, Patton’s fortunes shifted as dictated by Rothschild.

After five years as a relatively unknown lieutenant colonel, Eisenhower was promoted to colonel and then again to brigadier general in just 6 months time.

In 1942, Eisenhower was promoted to major general and, just a few months later, to lieutenant general - outranking Patton for the first time.
When the Allies announced the invasion of North Africa, Major General Patton suddenly found himself under the command of his former subordinate, now one star his superior. All because Patton was not open to the idea of the state of Israel.

Then in France that Patton found himself in the company of another former subordinate, Omar Bradley, who had also become his superior.  As with Eisenhower, Patton behaved with professionalism and served under Bradley with distinction.

Ike would dance to the Zionist Jew financiers tune. He was further "honey trapped" by his half Russian Jewish girl chauffeur Kathleen Helen McCarthy Morrough.



Before this woman died she wrote two books about her affair with Ike. One of them was named "My love affair with Dwight D Eisenhower". After Ike died in 1969 she wrote the book "Past forgetting" in which she revealed everything.

President Truman said that Ike had applied for permission in 1945 to divorce his wife Mamie and marry Kathleen, but the permission was refused as the US Army would not be able to stomach a scandal. In the armed forces one cannot divorce or marry without permission.

Her military awards included the Legion of Merit, Women's Army Corps Service Medal, European Campaign Medal, World War Two Victory Medal and the Army of Occupation Medal with "Germany" clasp—all gifted by Ike for favours bestowed and good times . 

After the war President Roosevelt , Winston Churchill and General Eisenhower followed the
orders of  Zionist Jew Henry Mogenthau Jr , the US Secretary of Treasury ( Rothschild agent ) and put all German POWs' under the strange newly coined category of DEF-- or "disarmed enemy forces" .


Then it was argued that DEFs don't come under the Geneva convention. This gave license to General Eisenhower to starve 1.7 million German POWs , and they all died due to malnutrition and disease, in horrible conditions. 


All the German POWs' dead bodies were photographed and put as Jews's killed --and a ridiculous 6 million Jews killed propaganda was set up.



Only chosen people were allowed the task of guarding these death camps. The Zionist controlled press blanked out the news.

But over time Internet came into being, and cut the strength of peer reviewed Zionist owned media from under them.

Decades later, Anglo Saxon Christians on their deathbeds , stung by their conscience , and wanting a clean sheet with their makers at the pearly gates, called Catholic priests and journalists and gave shocking confessions. And this is how the beans spilled out and shocked the entire world.




Months after the war was officially over, Eisenhower's special German DEF camps were still in operation forcing the men into confinement, but denying that they were prisoners. 



As soon as the war was over, General George Patton simply turned his prisoners loose to fend for themselves and find their way home as best they could. Eisenhower was furious, and issued a specific order to Patton, to turn these men over to the DEF camps



Patton next came to appreciate the true nature of the people for whom World War II was fought: the Jews.


Most of the Jews swarming over Germany immediately after the war came from Poland and Russia, evicting Germans. Patton wrote “ It is against my Anglo-Saxon conscience to remove a person from a house, which is a punishment, without due process of law General Patton stirred up trouble by speaking out against war criminal trials, bombing German factories after the war, and throwing Germans out of their homes for Jews.


After the war, General Patton was tasked with control of the larger portion of American occupied Germany, and his job was to dole out victors’ justice to the newly defeated enemy. It was the summer of 1945, and after the end of the fighting, General Patton started to get a grip on what had really transpired around him.

Patton knew that something was wrong with the outcome of WWII . He realized after the war that Europe had been handed over to Zionists.


Patton wrote “I have been at Frankfurt for a civil government conference. If what we are doing (to the Germans) is ‘Liberty, then give me death.’ I can’t see how Americans can sink so low. It is Semitic, and I am sure of it.” “Today we received orders . . . in which we were told to give the Jews special accommodations. If for Jews, why not Catholics, Mormons, etc?

After a visit to ruined Berlin, he wrote his wife on July 21, 1945: “Berlin gave me the blues. It’s said that for the first week after they took it (Berlin), all women who ran were shot and those who did not were raped.

“There is a very apparent Semitic influence in the press. They are trying to , see that all businessmen of German ancestry and non-Jewish antecedents are thrown out of their jobs.

“They have utterly lost the Anglo-Saxon conception of justice and feel that a man can be kicked out because somebody else says he is a Nazi.

Jews and their front men in America screamed in outrage over Patton’s announced intention of treating most SS prisoners humanely.

The outspoken American General's fate was sealed when he concluded by writing: "It is my present thought that when I finish this job, which will be around the first of the year, I shall resign and not retire, because if I retire I will have a gag in my mouth. I should not start a limited counter attack, which would be contrary to my military theories, but should wait until I can start an all out offensive.".

“I have a little black book in my pocket,” Patton announced in a brazen manner “and when I get back home I’m going to blow the hell out of everything.”



Patton knew he was in danger of death, and confided as much to his family and close friends. He was feared because of his prestige-he was the most renowned American General, while Eisenhower was nothing more than a political soldier-and his words could alert the public to the reality of what was happening in Germany.

Thus the accident was set up, which was not by any means the first. On the 21st of April 1945, his airplane on which he was being transported to General Headquarters of the Third Army in Feldfield (England) was attacked by what was assumed to be a German fighter-bomber, but it turned out to be a "Spitfire" piloted by an inexpert Polish pilot. Patton's plane was shot up, but was miraculously able to land. 


On the 3rd of May, some days before the end of the war, the General's jeep was charged by an ox-drawn cart, leaving Patton with light injuries. This is shown in the Hollywood movie.



Patton’s end began on 9 December 1945 when after setting out on a pheasant hunting trip near Mannheim, Germany, a two-ton US Army truck collided into his Cadillac staff car.


Patton suffered neck injuries either from a bullet or less likely from impact but was not seriously hurt. Yet his driver, Horace Woodring and his chief of staff, General Hap Gay, walked away with barely a scratch.

On the way to the hospital, Patton’s rescue vehicle was struck again by another two-ton Army truck. This time he was injured more severely, but still clung to his life.

Neither of the truck drivers were arrested nor had their names disclosed although Patton’s driver stated that the first truck was waiting for them on the side of the road as they’d started up from a railroad track stop.

It was later reported by former intelligence agent Ladislas Farago, that the driver of the first truck, Robert L Thompson, (who was whisked away to London before he could be questioned), was not authorized to drive the vehicle and had two mysterious passengers with him “in violation of rules.”

Ladislas also pointed out that although the crash occurred on a remote road on a quiet, no-work Sunday morning, a large crowd of mostly military personnel quickly descended on the scene.

Once at the hospital, Patton was able to contact his wife in America urging her to remove him from the hospital because, “They’re going to kill me here.”And that they did.

On 21 December 1945, Patton was pronounced dead due to an “embolism,” that is, a bubble of blood which is fatal when it reaches a vital organ. It can be introduced into the bloodstream with a syringe by anyone with brief medical training.


Not only did the US army make no investigation into the “accident” - but no questions were raised about his “embolism.” The remains of this American hero were never brought to the United States and no autopsy was ever performed.

Eisenhower became president with lot of fanfare -- and all Zionist controlled media made him THE hero.


Until recently, it was only speculation that Patton had been assassinated. Now it is known for a fact. And it is know for a very simple reason. Because an agent of the well-known OSS (Office of Strategic Services) or American military spy, a certain Douglas Bazata, a Jew of Lebanese origin, announced it in front of 450 invited guests; high ranking, ex-members of the OSS, in the Hilton Hotel in Washington, the 25th of September, 1979. Bazata said, word-for-word:

"For diverse political reasons, many extremely high-ranking persons hated Patton. I know who killed him. Because I am the one who was hired to do it for ten thousand dollars.



General William Donovan himself, director of the O.S.S, entrusted me with the mission. I set up the accident. Since he didn't die in the accident, he was kept in isolation in the hospital, where he was killed with an injection."

Military historian Robert Wilcox claims that OSS head General "Wild Bill" Donovan ordered the highly decorated marksman called Douglas Bazata to silence Patton --Tim Shipman .

Bazata ended his career as an aide to President Ronald Reagan's Navy Secretary John Lehman, a member of the 9/11 Commission and adviser to John McCain's presidential campaign.

Although Pattons' military file at the National Archives in St Louis has over 1300 pages of documents, only a handful of pages are devoted to the car crash. Strangely, the 5 on-the-scene military reports of the incident disappeared shortly after it was archived.

General Eisenhower became the US President after FD Roosevelt. The Zionist controlled media made him the knight in shining armour.



IF  PATTON HAD HIS WAY, TODAY THERE WOULD HAVE BEEN NO ANTI-WALL STREET PROTESTS AGAINST THE ZIONIST FINANCIERS, WHO CONTROL THIS PLANET.




Punch into Google search WINSTON CHURCHILL -HERO OR HENCHMAN -VADAKAYIL, to know some shocking truths.



Are you free?


It is better to be united in truth 
Than to be united in error. 

It is better to tell the truth that hurts - then heals, 
Than to tell a lie that heals then kills. 

It is better to be hated for telling the truth, Than to be loved for telling a lie. 

It is better to ultimately win with the truth, Than to temporarily succeed with a lie.
- US State Senator Edwin Gochenour (1953 1999)



Almost all Zionist Jew media propaganda given out by   -- Winston Churchill ( his mother was Jew Rothschild ) , Jew US President FD Roosevelt and Jew General Eisenhower  --have been debunked - nay- "done in" by people who confessed on their death beds.  Do you ever think thousand of people all saying the same thing on their death beds, in front of several witnesses  will be wrong?
*******************************************************************************
THE ONE AND ONLY ONE BUSH - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Never a dull moment with Bush!  

To be honest he was a friend of India.

Every US President ignored India, and treated us badly-- causing us to drift into open and stretched out Russian arms.

We dropped anchor in Russia-- when they proved their friendship. We had a grave famine. Food was urgently required. America offered us wheat , all with strings attached.  

Literally telling a young teenage girl-- if I give you food today you need to offer all your three orifices to me, at my beck and call.



My seniors who brought this wheat in the sixties on ships, told me that this mouldy wheat was UNFIT for even cattle.  

Russia offered us every little food-- but it was FREE and with no strings attached.

George Bush who saw everything in black and white ( he did NOT understand grey )-- or  good and evil forces --- or cowboys and outlaws.  That is why the " If you are not with us, then you are against us"

He saw India as a good guy--unlike his predecessors.

For example he said recently " Where would all our computers be, if we did not have India!" 

 :-)) ))))

This shows he had some innate wisdom of his own, and he was NOT an absolute duffer as others made him out to be.

ENJOY !
*******************************************************************************
GENERAL EISENHOWER'S SECRET HOLOCAUST OF GERMAN POWS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THE WHITE LIE OF WORLD WAR TWO --  GENERAL PATTON VERSUS EISENHOWER --  DIRTY SECRETS BURIED BY ZIONIST ROTHSCHILD CONTROLLED MEDIA- DEATH BED CONFESSIONS --WHEN GREAT HEROES BECOME EVIL VILLIANS AND VICE VERSA





This post is bound to shock everybody.

We grew up watching Hollywood movies about the great Holocaust where 6 million Jews were killed.  Zionist Rothschild controlled every single major newspaper, TV channel and Hollywood.  Trillionaires Rothschild decided who would be the Prime Minister of UK or the President of USA in the last century. Anybody resisting the Zionists would be assasinated,and nobody dared to take a chance.

The truth is hardly 600000 Jews were killed in the second world war.  In contrast Vatican ( Pope Pius XII used Croatian sadist Ante Pavelic and killed 700, 000 Estern Orthodox Serbs , just because they did NOT want a human middle man broker between themselves and their God Jesus Christ.

Now in the past year due to confessions of dying men , to be clean at the hour of judgement , at the pearly gates , and thanks to the large hearted internet we know that German Jew General Eisenhower killed 1.7 million German POWs in a secret genocide .

You may wonder why the Germans themselves did NOT come out with this earlier. Well, all I can say is the German race are not squealers or whiners, the way the Jews whine and complain. 

To be honest we Indians too are great whiners. But at least we do hardwork and earn our money unlike the Jew who wants easy money.

If telling the truth is racism, so be it.

Today hardly any Anglo -saxon Christian common man knows that the 2nd world war was started and fanned by three  men. All three were Jews and agents of Jewish financiers Rothschild.  Winston Churchill, General Eisenhower and US President FD Roosevelt. 

All three just danced to the tune of Zionist financier billionaire Bernard Baruch, Rothschild agent in USA.

Churchill's mother Jennie Jerome was of Rothschild's bloodline.


 


 

What follows is the essence of thousands of confessions , and revisionists writings.

I shall leave it unedited, for maximum effect.


Soon thereafter The U.S. entered World War I. The Illuminati sold Wilson to the American people under the slogan that he represented "the New Freedom." "The War to End all Wars" ended up being vary profitable to the Illuminati Bankers and their associates.
Bernard Baruch who was placed as Chairman of the War Industries Board, went from a being worth about one million dollars before the war to being worth about two hundred million after the war. Benard Baruch created what was later called the "U.S. Military Industrial Complex."
Winston Churchill was a good acquaintance of Bernard Baruch, the man who helped Woodrow Wilson become President and who profited so handsomely by the U.S. entry into World I. In one letter, Churchill wrote to Mr. Baruch: "War is coming very soon. You will be running the show over there, But I will be on the sidelines over here." Bernard Baruch convinced Winston Churchill, to aggressively sponsor the cause of Israel.
So after a dramatic speech to the House of Commons, Mr. Churchill became Prime Minister in a few short months. The "Phony War" suddenly turned hot as the new Prime Minister of England ordered air bombing of civilian population centers in Germany forcing Hitler to retaliate.
The Morgenthau Plan for Germany was presented to Franklin Roosevelt by his treasury secretary, Henry Morgenthau, Jr.    George Patton said in his diary that the idea was presented to Morgenthau by Dwight D. Eisenhower during a visit to Patton’s camp in France a few weeks after D-Day.   Harry Dexter White (Weit), a Soviet agent in Morgenthau’s Treasury Department whose parents were Lithuanian Jews, designed our post-war genocide of the Germans based on a book written in 1941 by Theodore N. Kaufman entitled “Germany Must Perish!”

 The Morgenthau Plan was the reason that millions of Germans, both prisoners of war and German civilians, were slaughtered on Eisenhower’s orders in the months and years following World War II.   It was the reason that German industry was dismantled and taken to the Soviet Union. It was the reason that German children and adults were put through Jewish brainwashing to hate themselves and obey the Jews.   
It was all in the plan, all based on Kaufman’s vicious little book. What Eisenhower’s army killers did to the Germans after World War II was so horrific and dreadful that you cannot find films of it on YouTube or Google, the owners of which naturally don’t want us to see what their synagogue brethren did to a prostrate and helpless people. If we could see what was done to Germans we could better grasp the same crimes being committed today against Arabs, by the same people.
After the war, Eisenhower dismissed Patton for his lack of barbarism to the German people; Patton treated them as human beings instead of mass murdering them and destroying their factories as demanded by the ever hateful Eisenhower and the Zionist-Jews. Patton was actually condemned by the Zionist-Jews and their media monopoly for this. To their delight; however, Eisenhower demonstrated the same fanatical Zionist hatred we see in Palestine every day and at Waco but on a much, much larger scale.

Eisenhower took millions of German prisoners and murdered 1.7 million of them in peacetime (more than he had killed in wartime). German prisoners were herded into vast enclosures surrounded by barbed wire fences. Eisenhower, acting under Baruch/Morganthau instructions,
ordered them starved to death and tortured by vast stores of food outside their fences.
Just imagine this TRUE scenario. You are a German soldier who survived through the battles of World II. You were not really politically involved, and your parents were also indifferent to politics, but suddenly your education was interrupted and you were drafted into the German army and told where to fight. Now, in the Spring of 1945, you see that your country has been demolished by the Allies, your cities lie in ruins, and half of your family has been killed or is missing. Now, your unit is being surrounded, and it is finally time to surrender. The fact is, there is no other choice.

It has been a long, cold winter. The German army rations have not been all that good, but you managed to survive. Spring came late that year, with weeks of cold rainy weather in demolished Europe. Your boots are tattered, your uniform is falling apart, and the stress of surrender and the confusion that lies ahead for you has your guts being torn out. Now, it is over, you must surrender or be shot. This is war and the real world. 

You are taken as a German Prisoner of War into American hands. The Americans had 200 such Prisoner of War camps scattered across Germany. You are marched to a compound surrounded with barbed wire fences as far as the eye can see. Thousands upon thousands of your fellow German soldiers are already in this make-shift corral. You see no evidence of a latrine and after three hours of marching through the mud of the spring rain, the comfort of a latrine is upper-most in your mind. You are driven through the heavily guarded gate and find yourself free to move about, and you begin the futile search for the latrine. Finally, you ask for directions, and are informed that no such luxury exists. 

No more time. You find a place and squat. First you were exhausted, then hungry, then fearful, and now; dirty. Hundreds more German prisoners are behind you, pushing you on, jamming you together and every one of them searching for the latrine as soon as they could do so. Now, late in the day, there is no space to even squat, much less sit down to rest your weary legs.

None of the prisoners, you quickly learn, have had any food that day, in fact there was no food while in the American hands that any surviving prisoner can testify to. No one has eaten any food for weeks, and they are slowly starving and dying. But, they can't do this to us! There are the Geneva Convention rules for the treatment of Prisoners of War. There must be some mistake! Hope continues through the night, with no shelter from the cold, biting rain. 

Your uniform is sopping wet, and formerly brave soldiers are weeping all around you, as buddy after buddy dies from the lack of food, water, sleep and shelter from the weather. After weeks of this, your own hope bleeds off into despair, and finally you actually begin to envy those who, having surrendered first manhood and then dignity, now also surrender life itself. More hopeless weeks go by. Finally, the last thing you remember is falling, unable to get up, and lying face down in the mud mixed with the excrement of those who have gone before. 

Your body will be picked up long after it is cold, and taken to a special tent where your clothing is stripped off. So that you will be quickly forgotten, and never again identified, your dog-tag is snipped in half and your body along with those of your fellow soldiers are covered with chemicals for rapid decomposition and buried. You were not one of the exceptions, for more than one million seven hundred thousand German Prisoners of War died from a deliberate policy of extermination by starvation, exposure for lack of tents , and disease, under direct orders of General Dwight David Eisenhower.
Of course, that was illegal under International law, so he issued an order on March 10, 1945 and verified by his initials on a cable of that date, that German Prisoners of War be predesignated as "Disarmed Enemy Forces" called in these reports as DEF. He ordered that these Germans did not fall under the Geneva Rules, and were not to be fed or given any water or medical attention. The Swiss Red Cross was not to inspect the camps, for under the DEF classification, they had no such authority or jurisdiction. 

Months after the war was officially over, Eisenhower's special German DEF camps were still in operation forcing the men into confinement, but denying that they were prisoners. As soon as the war was over, General George Patton simply turned his prisoners loose to fend for themselves and find their way home as best they could.

Eisenhower was furious, and issued a specific order to Patton, to turn these men over to the DEF camps. Knowing Patton as we do from history, we know that these orders were largely ignored, and it may well be that Patton's untimely and curious death may have been a result of what he knew about these wretched Eisenhower DEF camps. 

For years the Russians were blamed for the 1.7 million missing German POWs.  Until now, no one dug too deeply .. Suddenly people started confessing on their death beds to be clean on arrival at the pearly gates. The deluge just started.  Thousand of witnesses and survivors have been interviewed.

It is now known, that the Allies had sufficient stockpiles of food and medicine to care for these German soldiers. This was deliberately and intentionally denied them. Many men died of gangrene from frostbite due to deliberate exposure. Local German people who offered these men food, were denied. General Patton's Third Army was the only command in the European Theater to release significant numbers of Germans.
Others, such as Omar Bradley and General J.C.H. Lee, Commander of Com Z, tried, and ordered the release of prisoners within a week of the war's end. However, a SHAEF Order, signed by Eisenhower, countermanded them on May 15th.


Col. James Mason and Col. Charles Beasley who were in the U.S. Army Medical Corps who published a paper on the Eisenhower Death Camps in 1950. They stated in part:
"Huddled close together for warmth, behind the barbed wire was a most awesome sight; nearly 100,000 haggard, apathetic, dirty, gaunt, blank-staring men clad in dirty gray uniforms, and standing ankle deep in mud ... water was a major problem, yet only 200 yards away the River Rhine was running bank-full."



One of the survivors wrote -
“Again we were searched and had to surrender everything, even our field utensils, except a spoon. Here, in freezing temperature, 20,000 of us were squeezed together on the naked ground, without blanket or cover, exposed day and night to the winter weather.
For six days we received neither food nor water! We used our spoons to catch drops of rain.
We were surrounded by heavy tanks. During the night bright searchlights blinded us, so that sleep was impossible. We napped from time to time, standing up and leaning against each other. It was keeping us warmer that sitting on the frozen ground.
Many of us were near collapse. One of our comrades went mad, he jumped around wildly, wailing and whimpering. he was shot at once. His body was lying on the ground, and we were not allowed to come near him. He was not he only one. Each suspicious movement caused the guards to shoot into the crowd, and a few were always hit. 

German civilians, mainly women of the surrounding villages, tried to approach the camp to bring food and water for us prisoners. they were chased away. 

Our German officers could finally succeed to submit an official protest, particularly because of the deprivation of water. As a response, a fire hose was thrown into the midst of the densely crowded prisoners and then turned on. Because of the high water pressure the hose moved violently to and fro. Prisoners tumbled, fell, got up and ran again to catch a bit of water. In that confusion the water went to waste, and the ground under us turned into slippery mud. All the while the 'Amis' watched that spectacle, finding it very funny and most entertaining. They laughed at our predicament as hard as they could. Then suddenly, they turned the water off again. 

We had not expected that the Americans would behave in such a manner. We could hardly believe it. War brutalizes human beings.


One day later we were organized into groups of 400 men .... We were to receive two cans of food for each man. This is how it was to be done: The prisoners had to run through he slippery mud, and each one had to grab his two cans quickly, at the moment he passed the guards. One of my comrades slipped and could not run fast enough, He was shot at once

We arrived in the city of Heilbronn by the Neckar, In the end we counted 240,000 men, who lived on the naked ground and without cover. 



The 'Amis' gave us newspapers in German language, describing the terrors of the concentration camps. We did not believe any of it. We figured the Americans only wanted to demoralize us further.

The fields on which we lived belonged to the farmers of the area...soon nothing of the clover and other sprouting greens were left, and the trees were barren. We had eaten each and every blade of grass.....
German wives and mothers who wanted to throw loaves of bread over the fence, were chased off. The prisoners, just to have something to chew, scraped the bark from young trees. 

Dwight Eisenhower broke all international laws regarding treatment of captured enemy forces and ordered the rounding up and handing over of these men and their families. Approximately five million of them were forced into boxcars by US Army soldiers at bayonet point and sent east to Hungary, where they were taken off the trains and either shot by the tracks or sent to the Gulag . This was documented also by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn in his monumental record of Soviet/American bestiality.


Henry Morgenthau , the Jewish US Secretary of the Treasury and Robert Vansittart, the U.S. London-based Diplomatic Advisor in 1940 along with other prominent Jews demanded the genocide of the German people outright.

Theodore Nathan Kaufman, another of America’s most influential Jews also insisted on the end of the German peoples’ existence. He demanded the forced sterilization of all people of German stock and demanded that the German nation be divided between the conquerors. He cold-heartedly calculated a period of two generations to achieve this aim.


Much of these plans were in fact carried out. Germany’s population was decimated . A large portion of their historical lands are to this day occupied by rogue satellite states, some of which have no historical or ethnic authenticity.

The Soviet Union within months of the war’s end kidnapped an estimated 5,000,000 people, mostly but not exclusively of German stock. Many were members of the German armed forces but the merciless dragnet pulled in hundreds of thousands of uprooted civilians from children to aged folk. 

Their destination, the notorious Gulag Archipelago chain of slave camps through the Siberian hinterland. Few were of these unfortunates survived. This was all done in the full knowledge of the Soviet dictator’s cohorts, Churchill, Roosevelt, Eisenhower and his own henchmen.

The French post war army took charge of nearly one million prisoners from the Americans for use as slave labor euphemistically called ‘reparations’. 

Britain laid claim to 460,000 German slaves who were kept until 1948 and who were only then released at the insistence of the International Red Cross.

Morgenthau by this time proposed the execution (without trial) of all members of the German National Socialist Party. Such was the diabolical Jewish desire for the spilling of German Christian blood.
Field Marshall Bernard Montgomery, the British military chief at the time derisively described the planned trials of Germany’s political and military leaders as ‘victors justice.’ 

The wickedness of these trials haunted the British Chief Prosecutor, Sir. Hartley Shawcross for the rest of his life. He was frequently heard to declare that he ‘often inwardly wished that the great allied war criminals, Stalin, Churchill and FDR (Roosevelt) could also be put on trial.’


Muttering under his breath that the war with Germany had been unnecessary and a terrible mistake leading to Britain’s downfall. Sir Hartley freely and publicly admitted the ghastly mistake - but by then it was far too late.

The German leaders were also falsely accused of having carried out deliberate acts of genocide, an allegation, which has beaten a retreat since the 1950s. Today it finally stands exposed as ‘The Hoax of the 20th Century’: bogus blackmail to keep the German people as a milch cow for the Jewish Diaspora and to fund the illegal pariah state of Israel.

One of the great ironies of the 20th Century is that the cold light of academic enlightenment will exonerate Hitler’s Germany from all charges of genocide. 



But Germany’s postwar leaders will undoubtedly be heavily implicated in the genocide of the Palestinian people by its financial support for the brutal Israeli regime.

Louis Marschalko, Special Correspondent; Playwright and Poet affirmed: “Out of 3,000 people employed on the staff at the Nuremberg Courts, 2,400 were Jews.” Many of them wore uniforms to which they had no entitlement.

In the Nuremberg courtrooms crowded with exultant Jews a torrent of lies, distortions and fake evidence, provided by bogus witness, were hurled at the ill fated prisoners in the dock. The questioning of witness or their allegations was denied. Each of the prisoners faces revealed evidence of deliberately induced torture and lack of sleep.

The verdicts of their vengeful accusers were a foregone conclusion. Denied a proper defense they were to be systematically killed. All retained their courage to stand up and confront their accusers, vehemently denying the preposterous catalogue of outlandish allegations.

The defensive words of the prisoners were routinely summarily dismissed and no appeals were ever allowed.Furthermore, even in death the victorious allies were mindful of the affection and example, which the executed still held in German hearts. Even the victims’ families including their children were denied all knowledge of their loved ones final resting places.The photographs of their murdered former leaders were distributed among the defeated German people in an attempt to terrify them into the most abject submission. 


As historian David Irving and many others have rightly observed, there never were gas chambers at the concentration camps. And, it would have been impossible for the Germans to have gassed and then burned 12,000 Jews every day. Reports by concentration camp survivors that tell of the guards going into "gas chambers" as soon as one batch of Jews had been killed, clearing out the bodies, and then filling the room again are patently false ? the guards (none of whom was reported to have worn a mask) would have instantly died, since cyanide does not dissipate or disappear in a few minutes.
Even the Auschwitz Memorial which once stated that six million Jews had died now states that perhaps a million died. The plaque has been altered from six to one million. That being said, even a million dead people is a lot.
The degree of suffering they experienced, and the treatment they received from hateful, evil Nazis was a fact. Yet, that does not excuse all of the evils and wrongs committed by the victors, who fire bombed civilian populations in Germany and Japan, and dropped atomic bombs on cities in Japan, before ending the war. The intentional massacring of millions of civilians by the Allied victors was certainly a war crime, and perhaps of larger impact than what happened to the Jews.
Contradicting the Holocaust lies is illegal in some countries (called an act of racial hatred and vilification, defaming the dead, and anti-Semitism). The media quickly label any less than glorifying truth about the Jews as anti-Semitism. And, this, more than anything, has given the evil Zionists the greatest cover and freedom from public scrutiny.
At least 9 million German people died from starvation, exposure, etc. after the Russian armies drove them out of their homes in Germany's eastern provinces at the end of World War II.
1.7 million German POWs died in these vast mud pits.
Have you ever seen a story about this real holocaust on TV, Hollywood movies, etc? No. This holocaust was buried and forgotten, till the Internet came !

Everyone admits that the Germans were meticulous record keepers, and the actual records of those people that died in the camps were confiscated by the Soviets. When the Soviets finally allowed the Red cross access to the records in 1989, it was revealed in 46 books the names of those that died at Auschwitz and the causes of death. THE TOTAL: 70,000.
Most historians agree that it is impossible that six million people were gassed in gas chambers and then burned in a crematorium. The fact shows that it would have taken 68 years to gas 6 million people, and that it would take 35 years to cremate 6 million bodies if the crematoriums at the camps operated 24 hours a day, every day, cremating the maximum number of bodies that they could hold.
Over $65 billion in aid from Germany. Over $55 billion in aid from America. Israel, a prosperous country, receives $3.2 billion, (or $8 million a day) in foreign aid ? more than any other country.
 Elizabeth Dole, president of the American Red Cross, and wife of former Sen. Bob Dole, revealed that the official death records from Auschwitz had been uncovered in the Soviet Archives. It listed 70,000 deaths from all causes.)
Roosevelt did the same thing as Hitler by ordering 120,000 Americans of Japanese descent living on the West Coast interned in concentration camps. In March 1942 Roosevelt accused them of being "security risks." The Japanese men, women and children were imprisoned behind barbed wire fences and armed guard towers in the blazing hot desert.
The Impossibility of Mass Gassings Auschwitz had no mass graves. The cremation of four million bodies would have left 15,000 tons of ash which was never found. Many tons of coal would have been necessary for such mass cremations.

Soviet prosecutor L.N. Smirnov actually read this accusation into the record at the December 19, 1945, session of the Nuremberg trial. This story finally evolved to execution by "Zyklon B" gas. This was a widely used pesticide to kill lice which was the biggest health threat in the camps. Had the Germans actually wanted to perform mass exterminations, they had products one?thousand times more deadly such as Sarin and Tabun nerve gas!
"Zyklon B is utterly unsuited for the purposes of systematic mass murder."
Until 1990, a memorial plaque at Auschwitz read: "Four Million People Suffered and Died Here at the Hands of the Nazi Murderers Between the Years 1940 and 1945." (B. Kulaszka, ed., Did Six Million Really Die (Toronto: 1992), p. 441))
In early 1995, CNN quietly reported, during one of the many Jewish propaganda campaigns, stated that only one million Jews died in Auschwitz, Birkenau and Majdanek, thinking no one would notice the change in numbers, and most Americans did not.
The Holocaust extermination story is superficially plausible. Everyone has seen the horrific photos of dead and dying inmates taken at Bergen-Belsen, Nordhausen and other concentration camps when they were liberated by British and American forces in the final weeks of the war in Europe. These people were unfortunate victims, not of an extermination program, but of disease and malnutrition brought on by the complete collapse of Germany in the final months of the war.

Indeed, if there had been an extermination program, the Jews found by Allied forces at the end of the war would have long since been killed. In the face of advancing Soviet forces, large numbers of Jews were evacuated during the final months of the war from eastern camps and ghettos to the remaining camps in western Germany. These camps quickly became terribly overcrowded, which severely hampered efforts to prevent the spread of epidemics. Furthermore, the breakdown of the German transportation system, as a result of the carpet bombing of the allied forces made it impossible to supply adequate food and medicine to the camps.

We are familiar with pictures of mounds of emaciated bodies piled high at some - not all - German internment camps. Equally undeniably there are countless photographs, even on display at Dachau today, that show well-clad inmates in obvious good health right up to release. Those doing manual work are also wearing padded gloves to protect their hands. These pictures are on open display. Even pictures taken at Belsen right after the war's end clearly show perfectly healthy inmates strolling among the emaciated dead. 

There is no documentary evidence that Adolf Hitler ever gave an order to exterminate the Jews, or that he knew of any extermination program. Instead, the record shows that the German leader wanted the Jews to leave Europe, by emigration if possible and by deportation if necessary.
Canadian Reuters correspondent Charles Lynch accredited to the British Army was refreshingly candid: "It's humiliating to look back at what we wrote during the war. It was crap. We were a propaganda arm of our governments. At the start the censors enforced that but at the end we were our own censors. We were cheerleaders. I suppose there wasn't an alternative at the time. It was total war, but, for God's sake, let's not glorify our role. It wasn't good journalism. It wasn't journalism at all."





General Robert Wood testified that in 1936 Winston Churchill told him that Germany is getting too strong and must be smashed (p.130). Bernard Baruch, the American-Jewish banker agreed in an interview with F.D Roosevelt: 

"If we keep prices down, there is no reason why we shouldn't get the customers from belligerent nations that they had had to drop because of the war. In that event Germany's barter system will be destroyed – New York Times 14th September 1939. 

The London Times stated that Germany's barter system made her an aggressor in the world market: "One of the fundamental causes of this war has been the un-relaxing efforts of Germany since 1918 to secure wide enough foreign markets to straighten her finances at the very time when all her competitors were forced by their own debts to adopt exactly the same course. Continuous friction was inevitable." 

In effect Germany was acting like the striking worker paying by credit card for over-priced goods from the company-owned shop. He now agrees only to barter his hours of labour for his sustenance. So there you have it. The war lobbying nations strangled by international debt; could not compete with a debt free National Socialist Germany, and so the German state had to be removed, indeed destroyed. 

"Germany was trying to break the (high interest) credit ring of the money monopolists by the sheer force of economic sanity – and that was unforgivable". In 1937 Hitler said: "Germany will enter into no obligations to pay for her imports than she is capable of fulfilling. The German Government therefore takes the standpoint of the respectable merchant who keeps his orders in harmony with what he can pay. We have come to learn that the value of our currency lies in the productive capacity of our nation." (In other words, Germany wouldn't borrow on the high interest credit card. If it couldn't pay it wouldn't buy).

The world financial monopolists – the unseen gangsters behind the governments – were aghast. If Germany was allowed to succeed in her plans for economic penetration other nations would follow her example. The whole world would then exchange goods for goods on a basis of equality and friendship. No one would find the need to borrow and the financial period of debt (unearned wealth) from the apex of which Almighty Finance ruled the world, would collapse. Humanity from there on would be well fed with its natural resources diverted directly to its own people's mouths and needs. 

At this point "Statesmen began to prepare the public mind for war. No mention was made of the real causes of the crisis; the bitter scramble for world markets, the trickery and inhuman methods used to obtain spheres of influence and increase the world's mountain of debt and the power it wielded. 

Once again, statesmen, many of them bribed, sacrificed the youth of their country on the bloody altar of Mammon. As in peace, so in war! The efforts – and even the lives of humanity must be sacrificed for a worthless economic system that's only 'value' was the power it gave to the few who controlled it.

One of the great ironies of the Second World War was that unlike Winston Churchill Adolf Hitler was not only empowered in a legitimate election but was overwhelmingly popular. Churchill was never elected to be Britain's war leader. He assumed leadership after a House of Commons coup, backed by the Jewish ROTHSCHILD financed war lobby.

Following the defeat of France in 1940 Feldmarschall Wilhelm Keitel and French General Charles Huntziger faced each other with tears in their eyes. The German Field Marshall declared to his opposite number: 'I cannot, as a soldier, let this occasion pass by without expressing to you my sympathy for the sad moments you have experienced as a Frenchman. You can be comforted however by knowing, as I state it here expressly, that your soldiers have fought with their usual gallantry.' Both soldiers then exchanged a long handshake. 

Six years later, in identical circumstances, the victorious vengeful allies crudely hanged this great German Field Marshall. His last words were: "I call on the Almighty. May he have mercy on the German people and show them tenderness. More than two million German soldiers have died for their Fatherland and preceded me. I follow my own sons. All for Germany!" 

Field Marshal Bernard L. Montgomery on June 9th 1948, said: "The Nuremberg Trials have made the waging of an unsuccessful war a crime; the generals on the defeated side were tried and then hanged." 

THE SAAR TERRITORY: The Versailles Treaty had deprived Germany of the Saar territory falsely claiming that the region was French with a French population of 150,000. In fact the French population was just 2,000 and for every French citizen in the Saar there were 250 Germans living there. 

On January 13th 1935 the electorate was asked whether they wished to remain French become part of Hitler's Third Reich.
IN FAVOR OF UNIFICATION WITH GERMANY
477,119
THOSE FAVORING NO CHANGE
46,513
IN FAVOR OF REMAINING FRENCH
2,124

On March 13th 1938 the Austrian Government enacted a plebiscite for the reunion of Austria with the Third Reich. On 18th March 1938 Hitler dissolved the Reichstag and announced conformity with the plebiscite, which was called on April 10th 1938.
AUSTRIA: THE RESULTS
ENTITLED TO VOTE
4,474,138
ACTUAL VOTE
4,460,778 (99.07%)
TOTAL VALID VOTES
4,455,015
VOTES IN FAVOUR OR UNIFICATION
4,443,208 (99.73%)
VOTES AGAINST UNIFICATION
11,807
SPOILT PAPERS
5,763
Hitler's Germany had never expressed any criticism of Britain, had never threatened Britain, and had no designs on Britain. British historians never show examples of German hostility towards Britain simply because it didn't exist, as the British monarchy was German. 

The German people and their leadership admired the British Empire and looked upon their British cousins as blood brothers with a common heritage. Defending On July 19th 1940 the German Leader rose to address the Reichstag in Berlin. In the Kroll Opera House ablaze with flowers, the Fuhrer set out his peace terms saying, "In this hour I feel it to be my duty before my own conscience to appeal once more to reason and common-sense in Great Britain . . . I consider myself in a position to make this appeal I am not the vanquished seeking favours but the victor speaking in the name of reason. I see no reason why this war must go on. I am grieved to think of the sacrifices which it will claim. I would like to avert them." 

Hitler then declared that he was prepared to pull out of all these countries, and Czechoslovakia; all except those regions which were historically German and accepted as such under international law. Through his emissaries the fuehrer made approaches through all the usual diplomatic procedures, in an effort to placate the British un-elected British Government and to avoid further bloodshed. 
Britain would sacrifice 350,000 lives, 290,000 servicemen and sailors, 60,000 civilians. Hitler prophesied that the war would cost Britain its Empire. Hitler was of course right. 

Yet within a short time the vanquished Germany population would be 20% richer than the British people
Sir Oswald Mosley who fought all the way to his prison cell to avoid war with Germany said twenty-five years after the war's end that 'the loss of the empire and the reduction of Britain to the position of an American satellite' would be the only clear result.' Again, he was right. They even threw this politician's young wife, and mother of infant children, into Holloway Prison. Her offence? Being his wife.

There is no choice in war. Everyone goes into uniformed slavery to 'fight for freedom.' Of the 16 million American servicemen who went into military service during World War Two, less than 1/30 (600,000) actually volunteered. And the majority of these did so only because they knew they would be drafted shortly anyway and volunteered either for appearance's sake or to get into some more desirable branch of the services."

The most notable defenders of German integrity came from the higher echelons of the allied armed forces. "Very few German officers committed actions by their own free will during World War 11 of such a nature that they, because of such actions, could be regarded as war criminals," says Major General H. Bratt, Royal Swedish Army. 

French Army Chief of Staff Lionel-Max Chassin agreed. "The American admirals were courageous. They defended their German counterparts and saved their lives. Why didn't the generals of the ground armies do as much? They behaved contemptibly because I don't think that the German ground armies committed any crimes."
The realities of German POW camps and the level of inmate welfare were far better than that depicted by the victors' post war propaganda. Allied servicemen often described German POW camps as 'barbed wire universities'. 

In them internees could learn new skills and develop old ones. Typical courses might be astronomy, singing, literature, and naturally, learning the German language. Many returned to Blighty armed not with their rifle but with a degree from which their future lives and those of their families benefited. 

The most high profile was Lord Mulley, M.P., Cabinet Member and former Defence Secretary. The then lance-sergeant was captured at Dunkirk and spent the next four years in German POW camps in Poland, East Prussia and Bavaria. He used his time to good effect - by passing examinations in a number of subjects, including economics and banking."
Over 350,000 prisoners of war were detained in American POW camps from 1942-1946. Not all were military personnel. They included civilians such as merchant seamen, American citizens of German extraction and German civilians were rounded up and brought by force from Latin American countries.




General Bernard L. Montgomery, was commander of the British Eighth Army. To his credit he was instrumental in turning a Nelson's eye during the final days, which allowed tens of thousands of fleeing German civilians to escape Stalin's slaughter. 

The Second World War offered riches far beyond any mogul's dreams. Over half of Britain's Tory Members of Parliament had shares in armaments factories and stood to become mega-rich in the event of war. 

The Comptroller General of the Unites States, Lindsay C. Warren testified before the House of Representatives in 1943 and 1944. He revealed that 'more than £50 billion of slush had already been skimmed off some war contracts, and that extensive lobbying on the part of war production firms was going on, conducted by officers after leaving the armed forces." 

Congressmen were on a roll (or wad, whichever you prefer). They fell over themselves getting war contracts and sub-contracts to constituent entrepreneurs. In return they received lavish campaign contributions, votes and other back-handers. 

Many British and American firms became international conglomerates as a direct result of war profiteering. Nondescript politicians emerged from the war with fortunes made from investments in the arms industry, paid for of course with the expendable blood of each country's youth. Rather reminds one of the words of Rudyard Kipling, who lost his beloved son in World War One.

I could not dig: I dared not rob, 
Therefore I lied to please the mob. 
Now all my lies are proved untrue 
And I must face the men I slew.
What tale shall serve me here among Mine angry and defrauded young? The return on war investments ranged as high as 50 percent and rarely if ever fell below 20 percent. The U.S. Government spent $300 billion for war material and services, and invested heavily in ammunition factories, shipyards, aluminium mills, chemical plants (phosphorous for dropping on German civilians) and other industrial facilities.
A monument that for decades blamed the Germans for a massacre of 1,600 Jews in 1941 was actually carried out by Poles. It has now been removed from the Polish town of Jedwabn.  
There was little mention of military looting, largely because the correspondents themselves were equally adept at it. Alan Moorehead, one of the most renowned war correspondents wrote: "We looted Parmesan cheeses as big as cartwheels and tins of strawberries, barrels of wine and cases of chocolate, binoculars and typewriters, ceremonial swords and Italian money galore." 

The US Army and Navy had every opportunity to strike a clean blow for democracy by setting an example in non-discrimination against Negroes. Instead, both services insisted upon racial segregation wherever and whenever possible. 

The Negro in "well-run" military installations was not allowed to sleep in the same room with white men, eat at the same table, or attend the same churches. This was especially true in Southern camps, where both services supported the local programs to "keep niggers in their place" in restaurants, theatres, buses, and railroad stations.

When men like Joe Louis raised an objection, they were immediately transferred overseas or "up North." Except for a few "show units" of all-Negro personnel, our colored soldiers of democracy were restricted to the most menial tasks of stevedoring and cleaning the barracks of their white superiors. 
We are familiar with pictures of mounds of emaciated bodies piled high at some - not all - German internment camps.

 Equally undeniably there are countless photographs, even on display at Dachau today, that show well-clad inmates in obvious good health right up to release. Those doing manual work are also wearing padded gloves to protect their hands. These pictures are on open display. Even pictures taken at Belsen right after the war's end clearly show perfectly healthy inmates strolling among the emaciated dead. 

How then does this explain a Nazi program of genocidal intention being so patchy in its application? These unfortunate people died not as a consequence of intent but by the ravages of typhus and cholera. 

In fact photographs such as those taken at Bergen-Belsen could have been taken anywhere in Central Europe at the time, which was devastated by nightly allied 1,000 bomber raids and total war. Millions of civilians of many nations, Germans included, died through starvation and disease resulting in similar mounds of emaciated corpses. 

After four years of saturation American and British 'burnt earth' bomber raids all German road communications had been destroyed and no supplies had reached concentration camps or anywhere else for that matter.

Typhoid fever ensued and hundreds of prisoners, mostly Eastern European prisoners-of-war had died as a consequence. The allies arrived on the scene and found a terrible situation. "The German Army at Bergen had forewarned the British that a full-blown epidemic of typhus had broken out among the prisoners in the camp." (In The Ruins of the Reich, George Allen & Unwin. London, 1985). 

In The French Marxist and rabidly anti-Nazi Professor Paul Rassinier was arrested by the Germans during the war and interned at Buchenwald and Dora concentration camps between 1943 and 1945. Yet he has always been at the forefront in disproving the allegations of genocide. He wrote, "I was in Auschwitz from January, 1944 until December, 1944. After the war I heard about the mass murders supposedly perpetrated by the SS against the Jewish prisoners and I was perfectly astonished. There were no secrets at Auschwitz". 

The post war French Premier Leon Blum, Jewish to his marrow was in Buchenwald Camp for two years from April 1943 to April 1945. During this time his official biographer, Professor Louise Dalby, reports that he was never 'even ill treated," except for the restriction on his liberty.

How odd that there is not a single mention of gas chambers in General Dwight Eisenhower's Crusade in Europe, Winston Churchill's The Second World War or Charles deGaulle's Memoires de Guerre. Perhaps the powers in the new world order only thought about gas chambers afterwards when they realised that here was the perfect tool to make the Germans appear even blacker than themselves, thus justifying allied war crimes. Further, here was the opportunity to milk the German economy – and pay for the setting up of the new Israeli State in 1948 

"In September 1945 I had the opportunity to speak with a German POW who had gone through a re-education program (a euphemism for brainwashing in exchange for ration tickets) at the large POW camp neat Attiche, France, located about 50 miles north east of Paris. The prisoners there had been shown a film depicting Nazi soldiers burying partially incinerated bodies of women and children as proof of the Nazi perpetrated holocaust. 

To his amazement, this POW recognised himself as one of the soldiers in the burying detail. This was surprising because he had never been in a concentration camp.


Hungarian historian Krisztián Ungváry played a major role in discrediting the "Wehrmacht crimes" exhibition. The 31-year-old Budapest scholar, who was named "military historian of the year" in 1998 by the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, identified additional misrepresentations in a scholarly article. 

In an interview with a Berlin newspaper, Ungváry spoke of "false photographs" and "false attributions." He said, "90 percent of the exhibition must be altered." Perhaps ten percent of the exhibition's pictures showed German atrocities, he estimated, while another ten percent showed atrocities by Ukrainians, Finns, Hungarians or the Soviets. The remaining photos (about 80 percent of the total), he went on, showed no atrocities or crimes of any kind. 

One of the exhibit's most often cited photographs purports to show a German army execution squad preparing to shoot several young men. In fact, as Ungváry established, this photo depicts a Hungarian firing squad in the town of Stari Becej (in Vojvodina, which at the time belonged to Hungary) in the fall of 1941. At the time there were no German troops in the area. The doomed men are Communists who had been sentenced to death by a Hungarian military court for treason, murder and sabotage. 

Apart from its overt deceit by misrepresenting authentic photographs, the exhibition is a propagandistic fraud on a more fundamental level because it makes sweeping generalisations and fails to provide adequate historical context. A good example is the exhibit's most familiar photograph (reproduced on the front cover of Germany's leading news magazine, Der Spiegel), which shows German soldiers at an execution of several men in April 1941 in Panchevo, Serbia (Vojvoidina region).

As Budapest historian Ungváry says, "I find this very worrisome, and it is unfortunate that no one does anything about this in Germany." The influential German daily The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper wrote that the revelations highlighted the "intellectual climate" in today's Germany, which made possible a propagandistic enterprise with such prestigious backing.

On another occasion the daily newspaper commented: "The abundance of the exhibition organisers' errors, mistakes and negligence, proven by researchers, is devastating. One is at a loss for words, considering that this is about such a serious subject. One comes across something comparable only in government- organised misinformation campaigns." 

"Why didn't German historians expose the many mistakes and misrepresentations in the Wehrmacht exhibition?" wrote the editor of the German magazine Focus. "History professors provide an answer only when we promise not to reveal their names: 'Every historian immediately saw just how shoddy and slanted the exhibition was set up, but who has any desire to allow himself to be publicly ruined?' The persecution of dissident thinkers has had quite an impact."


German courts fined best-selling British historian David Irving 30,000 marks (about $21,000) for saying that a building in Auschwitz that had been portrayed for decades to tourists as an extermination gas chamber is a "dummy" (Attrappe). It was conceded however that Irving was right; the building had been built after the war's end. 

David Irving was found guilty of "disparaging the memory of the dead," a German criminal code provision that effectively "protects" only Jews. The judge refused to consider any of the evidence presented by Irving's attorneys, including a plea to permit the senior curator and archives director of the Auschwitz State Museum to testify in the case. 

British postwar Prime Minister Clement Atlee refused to interfere when a military court sentenced a young German boy death by hanging. They – the British – hanged him on the lad's thirteenth birthday. His crime? He kept a picture of Hitler in his room? 


In The Last 100 Days historian John Toland conceded that the  Jews, were for years in almost complete control of the German concentration camp at Buchenwald, 'as in many other camps.' (p.408). 

In an American poll (October 3rd 1941) 90 per cent of the Catholic hierarchy were opposed to the USA entering the war." 


In the U.S. Army prison camps of Germany and France at the end of World War 11, almost four million German soldiers were held prisoner outdoors, in unsheltered barbed wire enclosures, with little or no food or water, for months on end. At least 750,000 died of malnutrition and disease. 

Most were soldiers of the Wehrmacht who surrendered in May 1945, but scores of thousands were women, children, and old men. Most of these deaths were listed simply as 'other losses.' 

While German civilians starved in their hundreds of thousands the allies enjoyed bacchanalian nights with German girls who would do anything to survive and feed their families. Even the German leader's yacht was used as a striptease joint at which leering allied oafs stomped as girls gyrated. 
   

General Patton as Military Governor of the ruins of a once great nation , finally came to understand the true nature of the war ( for the GREAT CAUSE OF ISRAEL ) and let his views be known. His exasperated and embarrassed superiors retaliated by assassinating his character, with the press singing to the same hymn sheet. When that failed to shut the General up the solution was to arrange a convenient 'accident'? 

 

Of the military tribunals and the Nuremberg 'trials' Patton was scathing. In a letter to his wife on 14th September 1945, he wrote: "I am frankly opposed to this war criminal stuff. It is not cricket and it is Semitic. I am also opposed to sending POWs to work as slaves in foreign lands, where many will be starved to death." 

In another letter to his wife he wrote: "I have been to Frankfurt for a civil government conference. If what we are doing to the Germans is liberty, then give me death. I can't see how Americans can sink so low. It is Semitic, I am sure of it." 

In his diary he noted: "Today we received orders in which we were told to give the Jews special accommodation. If for Jews, why not Catholics, Mormons etc? We are also turning over to the French several hundred thousand prisoners of war to be used as slave labour in France. 

It is amusing to recall that we fought the (American) Revolution in defence of the rights of man and the Civil War to abolish slavery and have now gone back on both principles." 

Eisenhower, at the end of his tether at the unmanageable General's utterances, relieved him of his position as Military Governor. Patton responded by saying he was not at all unhappy with his new assignment, because, "I would like it much better than being a sort of executioner of a race in Europe." 

By now a much embittered General Patton let his thoughts be known in a letter to Major General James G. Harbord, now back in the States. In it he bitterly condemned the Morgenthau policy (to dismember Germany, destroy its infrastructure and decimate its population). He also let it be known that he objected to Eisenhower weakly giving in to every Jewish demand, and the corruption, degradation and demoralisation of the U.S. Army, which these things were causing.

The outspoken American General's fate was sealed when he concluded by writing: "It is my present thought that when I finish this job, which will be around the first of the year, I shall resign and not retire, because if I retire I will have a gag in my mouth. I should not start a limited counter attack, which would be contrary to my military theories, but should wait until I can start an all out offensive." 

On December 21st, a month before his planned resignation, the headstrong but suicidal foolish General was silenced forever when a truck 'accidentally' rammed his staff car. In some ways it could be regarded as redemption - for the havoc and misery the American forces had wreaked on war torn Europe.
"Out of 3,000 people employed on the staff at the Nuremberg Courts (at which German captives were tried and sentenced) 2,400 were of the Jewish race. Many wore uniforms for which they were not entitled. 

On the night of October 15, 1946 the American News Service announced at 2.45am that eleven members of the defeated government of Germany had been executed – in secret. The date also happens to be the Jewish Feast Day Hoshana Raba.

  
"I regret nothing. If I were to begin all over again, I would act again as I did—even if I knew that what awaited me in the end was the stake at which I was to be burned alive. It makes no difference what men may do to me. One day I shall stand before the judgment seat of the Eternal. To Him I shall answer; and I know that He will pronounce me innocent." - Rudolf Hess, Nuremberg 1946
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW: "When I said that Herr Hitler's action was right and inevitable, the storm of abuse that was about to bust on me was suddenly checked by Mr. Lloyd George saying exactly the same thing. It is inconceivable that a single vote should be cast against him." 


JOHN F. KENNEDY, U.S PRESIDENT: "After visiting these two places (the town of Berchtesgaden and Obersalzberg) you can easily understand how that within a few years Hitler will emerge from the hatred that surrounds him now as one of the most significant figures who ever lived. He had in him the stuff of which legends are made." - Prelude to Leadership, The European Diary of J.F Kennedy, Summer, 1945. 

JESSE OWENS, AMERICAN NEGRO OLYMPIC ATHLETE: As per Jewish propaganda Hitler left early to avoid  shaking black Jesse Owen’s hand. The truth is such as per Owen -- "When I passed the Chancellor he arose, waved his hand at me, and I waved back at him. I think the writers showed bad taste in criticising the man of the hour in Germany." - Richard D. Mandell. The Nazi Olympics 





HITLER'S LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT: "It is not true that I wished for war in 1939, neither I nor anyone else in Germany. War was provoked exclusively by those international statesmen who were of Jewish race or who worked in the interests of international Jewry. . . . 

"I nourish the conviction that the hour will come when millions of men who now curse us will take a stand behind us to welcome the new Europe, our common creation born of a painful and laborious struggle and an arduous triumph - a Europe which is the symbol of greatness, honour, strength, honesty and justice." 

"At the time of supreme peril I must die a martyr's death for the people. But after my death will come something really great, an overwhelming revelation to the world of my mission." My spirit will rise from the grave, and the world will see I was right." 

It is better to be united in truth 
Than to be united in error. 

It is better to tell the truth that hurts - then heals, 
Than to tell a lie that heals then kills. 

It is better to be hated for telling the truth, Than to be loved for telling a lie. 

It is better to ultimately win with the truth, Than to temporarily succeed with a lie.
- US State Senator Edwin Gochenour (1953 1999)

There are ANTI-HOLOCAUST laws in 18 European countries-- where if you dispute the 6 million Jews killed figure, you will be imprisoned.  Such is the power of the Zionists. 

In 3 decades India will become No 1 superpower on this planet.  We have 90 million Hindus killed by Muslim and Christian invaders . If somebody tries to reduce this figure and make it 9 million-- should we as a "power drunk country" imprison him for being a anti- Hindu racist ?  Why are the noble intellectual Christains and world citizens keeping quiet?
 

The time you spend in watching this video below will be a liberating experience --dont miss it!




Almost all Zionist Jew media propaganda given out by -- Winston Churchill ( his mother was Jew Rothschild ) , Jew US President FD Roosevelt and Jew General Eisenhower --have been debunked - nay- "done in" by people who confessed on their death beds. Do you ever think thousand of people all saying the same thing on their death beds, in front of several witnesses will be wrong?

How the Germans treated the British POWs will be my next post.
*******************************************************************************
THE NOBLE AND HONOURABLE CAPTAIN OF GRAF SPEE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Two decades ago, while driving out of Montevideo harbour I told my agent to stop his car at the Graf Spee gun turret mounted at the harbour.

 I walked to it and touched it. The British Supercargo who was sitting with his wife, in the car asked me " Captain, why did you want to touch it" . 

Deep in thought I replied " You wont understand "



This is a true story. 


It is about one of the most honourable men who graced planet earth--or will ever grace in future. 



He was the Captain of the German battleship Admiral Graf Spee during the second world war. 

His name was Captain Hans Wilhelm Langsdorff.  

His personal integrity , courage and honour can never be matched.



He wrote on the 19 December 1939: 

"I can now only prove by my death that the fighting services of the Third Reich are ready to die for the honour of the flag. I alone bear the responsibility for scuttling the pocket-battleship Admiral Graf Spee. I am happy to pay with my life for any possible reflection on the honour of the flag. I shall face my fate with firm faith in the cause and the future of the nation and of my Fuehrer."  

He then lay on Admiral Graf Spee's battle ensign and shot himself through the head.



There was heavy propaganda by Rothschild controlled media , who had sunk to abysmal levels of inhumanity, that the British spat on this compassionate sailor Captain’s  dead body and that of the dead German sailors.


Honour : by Ada Cambridge
Me let the world disparage and despise -- 
As one unfettered with its gilded chains, 
As one untempted by its sordid gains, 
Its pleasant vice, its profitable lies; 
Let Justice, blind and halt and maimed, chastise 
The rebel spirit surging in my veins, 
Let the law deal me penalties and pains 
And make me hideous in my neighbours' eyes. 

But let me fall not in mine own esteem, 
By poor deceit or selfish greed debased. 
Let me be clean from secret stain and shame, 
Know myself true, though false as hell I seem -- 
Know myself worthy, howsoe'er disgraced -- 
Know myself right, though every tongue should blame.




On 21 August 1939, Admiral Graf Spee left Wilhelmshaven port with orders to raid enemy commercial shipping in the South Atlantic following the outbreak of the Second World war on Sept 3rd 1939.

Despite the outbreak of hostilities, the raider was not allowed to commence warfare against Allied shipping, but was rather ordered on September 5 to avoid all contact with other shipsr. So Langsdorff kept clear of shipping routes, crossing the equator on September 8 and taking up station in a seldom-frequented area of the South Atlantic.




On September 11, Graf Spee's Arado seaplane, on a routine recognizance flight, spotted the British heavy cruiser HMS Cumberland on an intercept course with the German ships. The British lookouts did not spot the plane, which was able to alert Langsdorff to change course and avoid detection. Cumberland continued on her way from Freetown to Rio de Janeiro, none the wiser. Graf Spee remained in a holding pattern north of the River Platte - Cape of Good Hope shipping route, refueling twice from Altmark. 

On September 26, Langsdorff finally received new orders. Her was to commence hostilities immediately, but with several restrictions: he was to attack only British ships, and not French ships. Actions with enemy warships were to be avoided, so as to not risk his ship. 


Langsdorff  headed towards the coast of Brazil, to disrupt the flow of meat and grain to Britain along the shipping routes off Pernambuco.  75 miles northeast of the Brazilian port of Pernambuco, Graf Spee found her first victim just before noon on September 30. The captain of the 5050-ton freighter SS Clement spotted an approaching warship, and thought it was the British cruiser HMS Ajax. 

But it was Graf Spee, who's Arado 196 seaplane was launched, and few machine gun bullets were sprayed at the bridge of the freighter. Clement's captain, F.C.P. Harris, was told to stop engines immediately, and order his crew to the boats , without sending a distress message.  Capt Harris disobeyed and sent a distress message.  A few rounds from Graf Spee sank the abandoned freighter.




The sea was calm, so Langsdorff took captain Harris, his chief engineer, and a hand injured while abandoning ship on board the Graf Spee, while the rest of the crew were given the correct course back to the South American port of Maceio, all reaching that location safely the next day. 

After treating the wounded man and questioning Harris, Langsdorff stopped the Greek steamer SS Papelemos. Her captain promised not to send a signal until reaching the Cape Verde Islands (a promise which he did not keep), so the three British men were transferred to the neutral freighter and Graf Spee went on her way. 

Knowing that Clement in defiance of his orders , had gotten off a radio distress signal, Langsdorff took the Graf Spee off at high speed, choosing the Cape of Good Hope - Europe route as his next hunting ground. In that shipping route on October 5 Graf Spee found the British freighter SS Newton Beach (4650-tons) with a cargo of corn. The ship was stopped and a prize crew put on board so she could be used as a source of supplies, but not before a distress message was transmitted, again in defiance of his orders.

In war, defiance can mean instant death, yet Langsdoff was merciful.


Another British merchant ship heard this call, and passed it on later in the day to the HMS Cumberland. This was the worst case scenario for the Germans: a powerful British warship was in the area, the location of the raider was known, and heavy Allied reinforcements could be rapidly dispatched from Dakar, the West Indies, and Pernambuco to track down the raider within a few days.

Heading east in the company of her prize, Graf Spee surprised the British steamer Ashlea (4220-tons) on October 7, which was loaded with sugar. 

Her radio operator had no chance to send a message, and the ship was boarded. The Germans gained useful intelligence when her captain, C. Pottinger, failed to destroy his confidential instructions from the Admiralty. Clement's captain had made the same mistake, and the German raider was now in possession, among other valuable documents, of a complete copy of the code given by the Admiraly to merchant ships. Langsdorff now had Ashlea's crew was put onto Newton Beach, and Ashlea was sunk with scuttling charges.


On the evening of the 10th, Graf Spee approached the British liner Huntsman (8200-tons), on passage from Calcutta to London with a cargo of tea. The liner's captain, A.H. Brown, mistook Graf Spee for a British cruiser, and allowed her to approach. The Germans then sent a signal threatening to open fire if the radio were used. Unwilling to risk the lives of his crew, Brown complied, and a prize crew took over Huntsman. Returning to the waiting area outside the sea-lanes, Graf Spee refueled from Altmark.  Her captain joined the Graf Spee, while the rest of her crew was put on Altmark, and the ship was scuttled.




Using intercepted radio transmissions and his captured codebook, Langsdorff headed south for another try at the Cape - UK trade route. On October 22 Graf Spee, flying a French flag, approached within a mile of the 5300-ton Trevenion. Her captain, J. Edwards, recognized the pocket battleship and sent off a distress call despite orders not to do so. 

The Germans boarded the vessel, took off the crew, and scuttled her, but a British liner relayed her message to the C-in-C at Freetown. Realizing that his game was up, Langsdorff left the shipping lanes  He rendezvoused with Altmark on October 29 to refuel and transfer all of his prisoners.
Admiral Raeder in Berlin suggested new hunting grounds, and Langsdorff agreed: the Indian Ocean. It was time for the wool harvest in Australia, and the Cape of Good Hope - Australia trade route should be both filled with valuable prizes and poorly defended.



Heading southeast, Graf Spee sailed for over 3000 miles, staying far south of the cape of Good Hope, which the raider passed on November 3. A message from Berlin commended the Graf Spee for her efforts and 100 Iron Crosses were awarded to her crew. 

But the Cape - Australia trade route in the Indian Ocean did not bring the prey the Germans anticipated. The wool clipping in Australia came late that year, and the ships carrying it were sitting in Australia, not yet loaded. For 10 frustrating days Graf Spee slowly cruised in search of ships, sighting none. Her engines were now in need of overhaul and the funnel belched smoke.

So Langsdorff headed to the Mozambique Channel, between the African coast and Madagascar. On November 15 Graf Spee took the tiny British tanker Africa Star (700-tons) by surprise, capturing her before a distress call could be sent. The captain, P. Dove, and his crew were taken on board Graf Spee and the diminutive tanker, loaded only with ballast, was scuttled.

The next day Graf Spee closed on another vessel, only to find that it was the neutral SS Mapia, of Dutch registry. Her neutrality was respected and she was allowed to go, but Langsdorff knew the Dutch captain would report . He sailed back to the Atlantic, passing the Cape on November 21. 

 


Two days later Graf Spee arrived back at her original South Atlantic waiting area, where four days were spend in company with Altmark making repairs and adjustments to Graf Spee's engines. To confuse any ships that may have stumbled upon him in such a vulnerable state, Langsdorff ordered a second forward turret and second funnel constructed out of wood and canvas, radically altering the silhouette of his vessel to resemble HMS Renown.

Capt Langsdorff decided that his ship and crew were about ready to go home. Having sailed over 30,000 miles, Graf Spee's engines were in need of more repairs than could be made at sea. Langsdorff decided to make one more sweep of South America to disrupt trade along the coast to the UK, and then head back to Germany for a well-deserved overhaul for his ship and R&R for his crew. He would first hunt the Cape - UK trade route unitl December 6, and once the enemy was aware of his presence he would take his ship to the River Plate area for a final sweep against beef and wheat from Argentina, and head for Germany with the New Year.



Refueling and provisioning from Altmark on November 26, Langsdorff decided to redistribute his prisoners. Captains and first officers would return to Germany on Graf Spee, while Altmark would land the rest at a neutral port. Ironically, Langsdorff wrote that because Graf Spee's period of commerce raiding was nearing the end, it was no longer absolutely necessary to avoid action with enemy warships. Should an enemy warship sight and attempt to follow Graf Spee, he would close the range and use his ship's powerful guns to at least damage it so as to eliminate the threat of a shadowing warship calling in reinforcements. 

Graf Spee made her presence known off Africa on December 2. The liner Doric Star (10,100-tons) was sighted bound for Britain from New Zealand with mutton, butter, cheese, and wool. This liner too sent a distress message despite being warned not to do so. This properly stirred up a hornet's nest in the area, and the Germans planned to put a prize crew on the liner for later use as a supply ship before dashing across the Atlantic. 

But just as German seamen boarded this valuable prize with her rich cargo, Graf Spee's seaplane ran out of fuel and had to make a forced landing. Recalling his crew he ordered the liner scuttled, and raced off to recover his valuable aircraft and its crew, which were located just before nightfall. 


At sunrise on the 3rd, Graf Spee captured the steamer Tairoa (7980-tons), sinking her after taking off the crew. Tairoa's captain Star had gotten off a distress signal before is radio room was wrecked by gunfire.  Langsdorff could have killed all the captains who disobeyed him . On December 6, Graf Spee met up with Altmark again. After exchanging prisoners for fuel and provisions, Graf Spee headed westward to the River Plate area. Captains Star and Brown (Huntsman) were also transferred to Altmark, so that they might look after the captive crewmen.

On the evening of December 7, Graf Spee sighted the freighter SS Streonhalh (4000-tons) bound for Britain from Montevideo. Her captain, J. Robinson, hoped that Graf Spee was a British cruiser and delayed sending a distress call until it was too late. Robinson attempted to dispose of his secret documents in weighted bags, but a German sailor saved one before it sank. 

 

From this packet Langsdorff learned that British shipping leaving Buenos Areas and Montevideo steered for a point 300 miles east of the River Plate, before turning north-northeast past Pernambuco for Freetown. Langsdorff now knew where to find rich pickings before heading back to Germany. After taking off the crew, the ship was scuttled, bringing Graf Spee's total to nine vessels totaling more than 50,000 tons, without a sailor on either side being killed or wounded.

Langsdorff was warned of the great numbers of British and French warships hunting for him.

Four British cruisers were known to be off South America, but they were expected to be operating independently either on patrol or escorting merchant ships. Alone, each was no match for Graf Spee. Langsdorff headed for the newly discovered British shipping route, and planned to intercept a convoy of four ships that would sail from Montevideo without escort on December 10.


On December 11, Graf Spee's seaplane took off for its usual dawn patrol, sighting nothing. But the Arado 196  plane suffered another in a series of cracked engine cylinders, due to design fault of splashing cold sea water while landing, and Graf Spee was fresh out of spares, so Langsdorff would no longer have the benefit of his eyes in the sky. 

December 13, Graf Spee reached the point 300 miles from Montevideo where she expected to find her final four victims. The lack of aerial recognizance caused Graf Spee's luck to run out: dawn broke, but no merchant ships were sighted. Instead, at 0552, two, and then four masts broke the horizon. Graf Spee went to action stations at 0600, and by 0610 her lookouts had correctly identified the newcomers: the heavy cruiser HMS Exeter, and the light cruisers HMS Ajax and HMAS Achilles. 

Outnumbered and with a speed disadvantage of seven knots, Graf Spee had no chance to outrun her opponents. Langsdorff turned his ship at the British cruisers, ran his ship up to 24 knots (the most it could do with a fouled bottom and bad engines), and engaged the enemy. The raiding cruise of the Graf Spee was about to come to a dramatic end at the Battle of the River Plate.



Near the end of her cruise, Graf Spee no longer had to avoid enemy warships at all costs, and Langsdorff planned to engage and disable any warship capable of shadowing his ship. Destroyers were ships Graf Spee could not hope to outrun, but could easily destroy. More importantly, destroyers were used to escort convoys. The German lookouts soon corrected their mistake, identifying the heavy cruiser HMS Exeter at 0600, and correctly identifying two light cruisers by 0610. But Langsdorff continued the approach, knowing that he could not outrun, but did outgun, the British ships.


The British warships were under the command of Commodore Henry Harwood, along with a fourth ship under Harwood's command, were collectively known as Force G. Harwood had previously had his ships spread out to cover a wide area of the ocean: The light cruiser HMS Ajax watched the River Plate estuary, the light cruiser HMAS Achilles patrolled further north off Rio de Janeiro, while the heavy cruisers HMS Exeter and HMS Cumberland guarded the Falkland Islands to the South. Harwood flew his flag from the Ajax, to be closest to the center of the patrol areas.

Harwood had guessed right: soon after dawn his lookouts spotted smoke on the horizon, caused by Graf Spee's diesel engines, which were badly in need of overhaul. At 0604 Exeter reported sighting smoke, and at 0616 signalled, "I think it is a pocket battleship." 

Langsdorff was faced with three opponents, the slowest of which had a speed advantage of seven knots over his tired vessel. Avoiding combat was not an option, so the question became how to best engage his numerically superior, but smaller gunned opponents. He could turn away and keep his distance as long as possible, firing his 11.1-inch guns at long range, hoping to disable at least one of the enemy vessels before they could get into range to reply, and then use the superior weight of his larger guns to disable or drive the remainder off. 

 

But in doing so he would waste tremendous amounts of his limited ammo: hits were rare at long range, especially firing only the three guns of the aft turret, and he might expend all 300 shells in the aft magazine without disabling all three British cruisers.
So instead, Langsdorff ran toward the enemy at full speed, closing to 20,000 yards, and then turned broadside to bring all six main guns and half his secondary guns to bear, hoping the greater weight of fire at shorter range would more quickly tell on the most powerful British ship, Exeter. At 0618, Graf Spee opened fire, expecting her weakly armored and armed opponents to shadow or retreat.

Graf Spee drew first blood and her salvo straddled Exeter, amidships where it killed the crew of the starboard torpedo mount and disabled both of Exeter's Walrus seaplanes, denying Harwood their use during the battle. ret without exploding. Soon a salvo, struck the front of "B" turret, putting it out of action and sending splinters across the bridge, killing everyone except the captain and two other officers, all of whom were wounded. 

 

The wheelhouse was damaged also, severing communication with steering and engineering; the ship went out of control, and listed heavily to starboard. Captain Bell, bleeding from a wound to the face, set up command in the secondary conning position and passed orders with messengers.
Meanwhile two more shells struck the ship forward, one of which blew a six-foot by eight-foot hole in the bow after striking an anchor, the other of which started a fire in the forecastle. Soon another sprayed splinters across "X" turret, temporarily disabling it.  In exchange, Exeter's gunners scored but on hit on Graf Spee, which struck her control tower killing several officers and instrument operators, damaging communications, and destroying the main rangefinder.


Langsdorff let go Exeter which was listed to 10 degrees . 61 officers and men were killed, and 23 wounded. Graf Spee now shifted his attention on Ajax and Achilles , the light cruisers. With communications down and the main director gone, the turrets fired on local control. The British cruisers dropped back, a final hit from Graf Spee carried away Ajax's topmast, eliminating her wireless communication. Langsdorff  was injured, being knocked unconscious by an exploding shell and cut by splinters from two other. 

 

He received damage reports from all over the ship, did a tour of his command. What he found distressed him: a six-inch shell had penetrated the starboard quarter, destroying an ammunition hoist and cutting the electricity to the forward 11-inch turret; another had passed through the ship leaving a three-foot by six-foot exit wound as it passed out the port side; a third destroyed a four-inch gun and its ammo hoist. A gun mount, the ship's galley, the main rangefinder and the radar were destroyed by shellfire, and fire had destroyed the scout plane, three of the ship's boats, and Langsdorff's cabin.

The onboard plant to purify her diesel fuel for her engines was damaged beyond repair, there were six leaks below the waterline, and a shell had wrecked the bridge as it passed through without exploding. There were 36 dead and 59 wounded, and there was much repair work to be done before the ship could attempt the long voyage home. Langsdorff told his navigator, Jurgen Wattenberg, "We must run for port, the ship is no longer seaworthy."

 

Langsdorff  had two choices to put Graf Spee for repairs. Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Montevideo was closer,and he could call there without a pilot.  On the other hand , the waters of the River Plate are some of the most dangerous in the world, and the estuary is littered with literally thousands of wrecks; Graf Spee would have to stop to take on a pilot, unthinkable with the British close behind. 

Also, the Panzerschiff drew 22 feet of water, even without any damage. This meant that she would have to stay in the narrow dredged channel to reach Buenos Aries, while the British cruisers, which drew only 16 feet, would have freedom of movement. The channel was only 23 feet deep at some places, so if the British scored a hit below the waterline Graf Spee would ground, unable to move.

Even if she did not run aground, the German ship's water intakes for the cooling system of her diesels were at the lowest part of the ship's bottom, and any mud sucked in would cause the tired engines to overheat very quickly, immobilizing the ship. Disabled or stuck, Graf Spee would be easily destroyed, but would not sink, allowing the British to capture her. Buenos Aries was out; the ship would head for Montevideo. Langsdorff sent a brief action report to German High Command, and announced his intention to enter Montevideo. Admiral Raeder replied in agreement with the plan. 

Langsdorff sent someone to check on his prisoners, 62 British officers and seaman who had escaped injury in their compartment deep within the ship. They were fed, and all breathed a sigh of relief at their mixed blessing: while they had wished the Royal Navy victory, the destruction of the Graf Spee would have meant their deaths. They were not yet free, but they were alive. 

 

Exeter  was of no further fighting value, so Harwood ordered her to Port Stanley. With some luck and fair weather, she would make the 1000-mile voyage without sinking. Cumberland was ordered to leave the Falklands immediately to replace Exeter.  Shewould arrive in 36 hours.


At 1104 Graf Spee sighted a merchant ship, the British steamer SS Shakespeare bound for the UK of Montevideo. Langsdorff altered course to intercept, intending to sink the ship with a torpedo as he went by and claim one last victim. Always chivalrous, Langsdorff signalled his intention to the steamer's captain, telling him to abandon ship, and also to Harwood, asking him to "Please pick up lifeboats from British steamer." The German captain used his ship's correct call sign, and for the first time the British knew what ship they had been fighting. Shakespeare's captain hove to, but did not abandon ship. 


Without the time to wait, and never being one to sink a vessel with unarmed sailors on board, Langsdorff turned Graf Spee back towards Montevideo without firing.  Senseless slaughter was not Langsdorff's aim and that iswhy he let go crippled Exeter and  diverted his fire to the two light cruisers, which were rapidly closing range. 

At the height of the action, while still in the foretop, Langsdorff was injured by shrapnel and was knocked unconscious. Diggins called for the executive officer (Commander Kay) to take control of the ship, but by the time he arrived in the foretop, Langsdorff had recovered consciousness and said he would continue in command. 


The flagship of the National Navy, the 1,150-ton gunboat Uruguay under the command of Captain Fernando J. Fuentes, sailed out to investigate. Around 1800 hours, Uruguay's lookouts spotted Graf Spee, and settled in to watch the action.

Harwood ordered Achilles to follow Graf Spee into the wide estuary of the river, International Law allowing 'hot pursuit' to override the respect for neutral territorial waters, while Ajax turned south to prevent the Germans from suddenly doubling back. At 1915, Graf Spee suddenly turned broadside and fired two salvoes at Ajax at the range of 26,000 yards, causing the cruiser to turn away and make smoke. At 2048, just after sunset, Graf Spee fired three salvoes at Achilles, compelling that vessel to keep her distance and reply with five salvoes of her own. 

 


A few minutes late, a German officer unlocked the door to the compartment that held the British prisoners and told them that Langsdorff would release them in the morning. Under International Law, Graf Spee could not hold prisoners and claim "havarie," the privilege of sanctuary for damage caused at sea.

Reinforcements were on the way, with Cumberland already en route and scheduled to arrive the next day. The battle cruiser Renown,  the carrier Ark Royal, the cruiser Neptune , and the heavy cruisers Dorsetshire and Shropshire were proceeding towards Montevideo. 

While the diplomatic and legal maneuvering began in Uruguay, there was celebration back in Britain. Harwood was an instant hero, and was promoted instantly to Rear Admiral and awarded the Knight Commander of the Order of Bath (KCB), while Bell, Parry, and Woodhouse were awarded the Companion of the Order of Bath (CB).


Before daylight on the 14th, the German Minister Dr. Otto Langmann boarded the Graf Spee. Uruguay, were profiting from trade with Rothschild and Britain. General Alfredo Baldomir, President of the Republic of Uruguay, and his ministers of Foreign Affairs and Defense, Dr Alberto Guani and General Alfredo Campos, prepared to hear arguments from the British and German ministers before they decided the fate of the warship they now hosted in their harbor. 

At issue was the interpretation of the Hague Convention of 1907, the relevant International Law. This law stated that a belligerent warship could only stay in a neutral port for 24 hours before that neutral power was obliged to intern it for the duration of hostilities. However, a warship could extend their stay past 24 hours if it claimed "havarie," or the right of sanctuary, because it had suffered damage while at sea. If damage had been suffered, then the neutral power could not force the wip tip to go to sea until repairs were complete. 

Langsdorff said it would take 15 days to make repairs to allow the Graf Spee to make a breakout, followed by a run past the Home Fleet for Germany. 

The British minister, Eugen Millington-Drake, argued that because Graf Spee had sailed 300 miles at good speed to Montevideo after the battle she was indeed seaworthy, and should not be granted sanctuary for repairs that were to make the ship battleworthy, not seaworthy. 

 

President Baldomir  did not want to upset relations with either Britain or the pro-British USA, Uruguay's two largest overseas trading partners. They informed the German minister that Uruguayan technical experts would board the Graf Spee to inspect her damage and make their own estimates for repair.  Langsdorff kept his promise, and ordered all prisoners released. The British merchant captains Dove and Pottinger went to pay their respects and say goodbye to the German warrior, who had acted more as a host than a captor. 

Langsdorff greeted them, and gave each of them a cap tally from one of Graf Spee's dead, apologizing that they had been on board for the battle and expressing thanks that none of the British merchant seamen had been injured. A the British merchant officers and seamen mustered on the quarterdeck to be dismissed by the master-at-arms, they passed 36 coffins sitting under the guns of the aft turret; not everyone on Graf Spee had been as lucky as they.




Soon after Langsdorff freed his prisoners in the afternoon, and landed his dead and wounded for hospital treatment, the technical experts toured the ship.  The Hague Convention had a clause in it to protect unarmed merchant ships from raiders: if a merchant ship belonging to a belligerent power left a neutral port, then a warship belonging to the other could not leave that same port for 24 hours, thus giving the merchant ship a fair chance to avoid capture. 

Britain pulled strings and quickly arranged for the British steamer SS Ashworth to leave Montevideo at 1800 on the 15 th prematurely.y.  Guani and Campos made their decision: Graf Spee could not sail before 1800 on the 16th, but had to sail before 2000 hours on Sunday the 17th. 

Meanwhile, the crew of the Graf Spee had been busy. Repairs had been started as best they could be, as Montevideo's one shipyard and all local firms refused to help, on instigation by Churchill. The crew of the Graf Spee , who looked upon Langsdorff as a father, labored not as men celebrating a victory over British warships, but as disciplined men preparing for a battle they knew they could not win. 

In the evening of the 14th, Langsdorff met with his officers. The pro-Allied government must not intern the ship, nor could it fall directly into British hands. He intended to attempt a breakout at night.



The next morning Graf Spee buried her dead in a funeral attended only by a few of the crew and a handful of petty officers, as everyone else was busy working on the ship. A naval band let the procession from the dock to the Northern Cemetery on the outskirts of Montevideo. 

Crowds lined the streets to see the spectacle, including many of the British seamen formerly held on Graf Spee. In a poignant scene that seems out of place in the 20th century, where bitter enemies approached each other and exchanged best wishes and handshakes. There was not a dry eye. 

After giving a short eulogy at the gravesite, Langsdorff walked down the row of caskets sprinkling dirt on each one. At the end of the row, he came face to face with captain Dove, who stood saluting his former captor. Langsdorff paused, looked him in the eye, and stood at attention to return his salute. Dove left a wreath, which said "To the brave memory of the men of the sea from their comrades of the British Merchant Service."
As a last salute to the fallen Germans was given, photographers immortalized the moment: Everyone stood with their arm outstretched in the Nazi salute, except Langsdorff who gave the traditional salute of the old German Navy. The propagandists had reported that the British had spat upon the coffins of the fallen German heroes along the funeral route. 

There propaganda efforts went out the window when the crew of the Graf Spee vehemently denied these charges, and the photos of the funeral were splashed across the front pages of the world's newspapers. 

British propagandists were equally annoyed, as their attempts to paint all Germans as heartless villains were dispelled by Captain Dove's radio interviews about how chivalrously the British sailors had been treated.



With the departure of the SS Ashworth, Graf Spee's window to leave Montevideo narrowed to just one day. Langsdorff's hopes of a surprise exit from harbor that night were gone. The German Captain met with his crew, which one officer recorded in his diary as being ready to follow their captain blindly, even to certain death. Langsdorff told some of his sailors that he would fight if he could, but if he could not he could not he would not let Graf Spee and her crew 'become a target in a shooting match'. 

One of Graf Spee's engine-room mechanics recorded Langsdorff's famous words to the effect that he would not let his ship be shot to pieces by a greatly superior force, and that to him a thousand young men alive were worth more than a thousand dead heroes.

Langsdorff reported back to Berlin: he was trapped, could not leave until at least 1800 on the 16th, and would be interned at 2000 on the 17th. 

The German minister, Langmann, commented, "I regard internment as the worst possible solution. It would be preferable in view of shortage of ammunition, to blow her up in the shallow waters of the Plate and to have the crew interned." The German minister pressed for another extension, but under pressure from the Churchill , Guani and Campos held firm.

The Captain then met with his officers to discuss options. There was a slim chance that the ship could make Buenos Aries without being destroyed, grounding in the channel, or being disabled by mud in the cooling system, but no guarantee that the government of Argentina would be any more willing to let Graf Spee stay past 24 hours than Uruguay had. 

But then the whole discussion became pointless: as a final insurance against a surprise exit by the German warship, the British steamer SS Dunster Grange had sailed from Montevideo, again by Rothschild and Churchill pulling strings. Graf Spee could not leave before 1800 hours Sunday. With only a two-hour window, there would be no chance to surprise the waiting British by leaving early.

The die was cast. On the night of the 16th, repair work on Graf Spee was halted. She was filled with the sounds of hammering and small explosions, as the fire control installations, radios, radars, and other equipment were blown up. Dials and electronics were smashed with hammers, gun elevation gear was destroyed, and the breach blocks from the main guns were removed and tossed overboard. The British would learn nothing when they boarded the wreck, and Graf Spee's guns would never be used against Germany.



Secret documents were destroyed, and the ship's bell, battle ensign, the portrait of Admiral Graf von Spee, and other historically significant items were sent ashore to be carried home in a diplomatic pouch. Powder charges were stacked inside the turrets around a torpedo warhead, flash doors were opened, a torpedo was wired in the engine room, and detonator wires were rigged. Langsdorff instructed that the wires be run to the conning tower, where he would set them off manually and die with the blast. But his officers stonewalled him , and rigged up a timer instead.

As live radio carried real-time reports to the world, an estimated three-quarters of a million people crowded along the cost to watch the Graf Spee depart and face the waiting British warships.



At 1830 Graf Spee ran up two large battle ensigns and weighed anchor. 700 of her crew had been transferred to Tacoma, which under Captain Hans Konow weighed anchor as well, following about a mile behind the warship as she entered the South channel to the sea. Just outside the breakwater, Tacoma stopped and transferred the German sailors to the Argentine tugs Gigante and Coloso, which had been hired out of Buenos Aries. The Uruguayan National Navy quickly turned Tacoma back into Montevideo where she would be interned for the duration for the war, as she had sailed without proper authorization and assisted in a hostile act. 

In the south channel, just outside Uruguay's then three-mile territorial limit, Graf Spee swung west, turned out of the dredged channel, and dropped anchor. The timers on the charges were set for 20 minutes, and the order to abandon ship was given. Langsdorff and the last five officers hauled down the ship's ensigns, made sure the remaining crew was safely off, boarded the captain's launch, and moved about a mile away. 

Just before sunset, Graf Spee shuttered from the powerful explosion of the torpedo warhead in her engine room. A second later she was ripped apart in a tremendous explosion. Her rear turret was blown clear of the ship, the stern was severed, and flame belched high into the sky. The forward turret did not explode, probably because the initial explosion damaged the firing circuit. But the ship was in flames from one end to the other, and quickly settled into the shallow water with her main deck awash. The fires would burn for two days. 

Langsdorff ordered the final entry into the Graf Spee's log: "Graf Spee put out of service on December 17, 1939, at 2000 hours."

Langsdorff and the rest of the crew would reach Argentina, where the German community greeted them with great hospitality.. But the Argentine Government's reception was hostile as they did NOT want to upset the British and USA.  Confirming the suspicion that Graf Spee was no more welcomed in Argentina than in Uruguay, the officers and crew were not treated as shipwrecked sailors, but were rounded up and interned for the duration of the war.


16 officers escaped in the next two months, and 17 more in August, and a handful in 1942. A few ratings also escaped, and like the officers managed to return to Germany via a variety of routes, including through Japan and the Soviet Union. But the rest went to prisoner of war camps when Argentina joined the Allies in 1943. Six officers and 894 ratings were repatriated in February 1946, aboard the British liner Highland Monarch, fittingly enough escorted by HMS Ajax, while 168 chose to stay. Hundreds more returned, and some 500 of Graf Spee's crew eventually settled in Argentina.

Langsdorff enjoyed the company of his officers  until about midnight. He was wounded and had hardly slept for the past few days.  Going back to his hotel room, he lit a fine cigar, poured a glass of a favorite Scotch, and wrote a letter each to his wife, his parents, and the German Ambassador. 






After sealing and addressing the letters, Langsdorff spread the Graf Spee's battle flag out, laid on it, and shot himself in the head. 

The next afternoon he was laid to rest in Buenos Aries, at a funeral attended by his officers, crew, and Argentinean officials.  SS Ahlea's Captain Pottinger, attended to represent the British merchant sailors once held captive on board Graf Spee.

All of those released spoke highly of their treatment and of noble Langsdorff, who spoke perfect English and lent them English books to pass the time.







British officers boarded the Graf Spee as soon as the fires were out, but found nothing of value. One of the Royal Navy's top divers attempted to enter the forward turret to recover the advanced gyro-firing system (actually destroyed before the scuttle), only to become trapped and drown. The wreck of the Graf Spee slowly sank into the mud, until by 1948 only the control tower could be seen above water. In a few years even that was out of site, and the Graf Spee was just another of thousands of wrecks in the River Plate estuary.

Due to poor design, the vulnerable heavy oil fuel purifiers took a hit, and Graf Spee had just 16 hours of fuel. No spare parts were available, in the 72 hour window period. Her engine speed had reduced from 28 knots to 22 knots, and was guzzling fuel. Her fresh water generator was destroyed. There was no way Graf Spee could get back to Germany avoiding all hostile British warships, waiting outside .

Adolf Hitler, though he said that Graf Spee should have shown no mercy to the crippled HMS Exeter, gave a pension to Capt Langsdorff's wife.

Today in this Internet age, all tales of German and Japanese honour, and tales of abject and disgraceful British and US dishonour ( like DELIBERATE drowning of more than 2000 Bismarck's German sailors, as a punishment for scuttling their latest design ship --this will be my next post  ) long buried by Jewish Rothschild controlled media, are slowly getting exhumed. 

Thousands of confessions by British and American soldiers and sailors, on their death beds to clear their conscience , hoping to be at the pearly gates to  meet their maker, are forcing revisionists to publish the truths with proper evidence , witnesses and signed affidavits. 

It must not be forgotted that Churchill's 

mother Jennie Jerome was Rothschilds. 

You must read my post WINSTON CHURCHILL HERO OR HENCHMAN- VADAKAYIL. 

Rothschild controlled press and electronic media , keeps giving rigged polls about how popular Churchill is .  But the information super-highway afforded by the Internet does NOT lie. 

Dont believe the free Wikipedia , available on the first page of Google-- for this propaganda piece is controlled by the Jews.  As per Wikipedia Lord Krishna of Mahabharata of 4000 BC, was a contemporary of Greeko King Alexander. 

Every Jewish achiever will be tagged as JEWISH in Wikipedia , with parentage -- which they do NOT apply the same yard stick to Hindu or Buddhist or Islam or Christian or whatever.



Thousands of children who lost their fathers in battle , must know about the "hidden cause of Israel", sponsored by Zionist Jews -- US President FD Roosevelt, General Eisenhower the supreme commander of Allied forcs,  and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill -- for which so much blood was shed and this planet was put to the flaming torch.



It is better to be united in truth 
Than to be united in error. 

It is better to tell the truth that hurts - then heals, 
Than to tell a lie that heals then kills. 

It is better to be hated for telling the truth, Than to be loved for telling a lie. 
It is better to ultimately win with the truth, Than to temporarily succeed with a lie.

- US State Senator Edwin Gochenour (1953 1999)

*******************************************************************************
NO GLORY AND HONOUR – SINKING OF THE BISMARCK- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



VICTORY SANS GLORY--THE SINKING OF THE BISMARCK-- EXPOSING THE LIE





It is better to be united in truth 
Than to be united in error. 

It is better to tell the truth that hurts - then heals, 
Than to tell a lie that heals then kills. 

It is better to be hated for telling the truth, Than to be loved for telling a lie. 

It is better to ultimately win with the truth, Than to temporarily succeed with a lie.

- US State Senator Edwin Gochenour (1953 1999)




On 27th May 1941,   the German battleship Bismarck was scuttled, to prevent capture by the British. Bismarck was a wondership, the largest in Europe and had the latest technology and radars.

Before she sank she stopped firing at the several ships around her, and put up the cease fire flag and communicated by morse and semaphore. It made no difference.


Out of the 2222 men on board only 114 survived, and that too just a show by the British to tell the world that they saved lives as required by law.

Nearly two thousand sailors had jumped overboard in a very small area. It is a gruesome sight for the ordinary British sailor to see thousands of arms raised for help, which was ignored. The excuse given by the vindictive British command was that they were afraid of U boats in the area.


Usually when a battle is won, the tradition of the British Navy was to shout a full throated and joyful “ Hip-Hip-Hoozzah . This time around, there were no hurrahs.  

The common British sailor felt deeply ashamed that they had broken timeless  maritime traditions of picking up survivors in water, crying for help . Some of them cried-- just an indication that we all are human beings, not animals.

They felt terrible when they compared what transpired with the honourable conduct of Capt Langsdorff of the German battleship Graf Spee, who sank several British ships, but picked up all survivors from the water.

They could have thrown some life rafts . They could have hung some grappling nets on the ship side and stern. The ships could have streamed some mooring lines aft of them with lifebuoys and herded the men in the water in a circle.

So many ships, so many aircraft and seaplanes-- a very small area , the size of a cricket field with thousands of imploring , save my soul , upstretched arms . 

What a disgrace!  

Many British sailors developed psychological problems in their old age due to this act of dishonour -- but to be frank , it was not in the power of these pawns to help, as decisions are taken by higher ups. They knew that Churchill wanted to balance the lives lost on Hood, and also prevent further scuttling of German superships.

Since the past 20 years several eye witnesses to the dishonourable sinking of Bismarck confessed on their death beds, with sworn affidavits. This world now knows what exactly happened.


It was Churchill’s sweet and diabolical revenge for the loss of HMS Hood sunk by Bismarck.   Hood’s magazine caught fire and she exploded into the sky. The Bismarck had fired a single salvo from 17 kilometers away. The elevation of her guns meant that the shells that hit the ‘Hood’ had a high trajectory and a steep angle of descent. The Hood had minimal horizontal armour and one of the shells from the Bismarck penetrated the Hood’s deck and exploded in one of her magazines.


A massive explosion tore the ‘Hood’ in half.  Hood had sacrificed armour for speed. Those who saw the explosion said that the bows of the ‘Hood’ were raised out of the sea before they sank. The ship sank extremely quickly and only three men (and a cat ) out of a total crew of 1,419 survived.  Hood was the pride of the British navy.

After the destruction of the ‘Hood, the Germans turned their fire onto the ‘Prince of Wales’. Her captain, Leach, decided that the best course of action was to make himself scarce.  Fleet Staff Admiral Lutjens on the Bismarck just allowed her to run away.  However, the Bismarck had not escaped untouched by the battle. One shell had pierced two oil tanks. The damage it did to the ship was minimal but it did mean that 1000 tons of fuel was no longer available to the Bismarck. She left a oily slick in the water over her wake, which was easy to spot from the air.


Then Churchill went on a lying spree. He said that the Bismarck was sunk by British ships, while Hitler insisted that the ship was scuttled just like Graf Spee, to prevent latest technology falling into enemy hands.  Zionist Jews Winston Churchill and US President FD Eisenhower pooh poohed the German claim.


The wreck of Bismarck was discovered on 8 June 1989 by Dr. Robert Ballard , the oceanographer also responsible for finding the sunk Titanic.  He proved the British wrong. He found that Bismarck was scuttled, as she had honeycomb inner compartments . Bismarck rests upright at a depth of approximately 4,791 metres ( 4.7 kilometers or 3 miles deep in absolute darkness ) about 400 miles west of  Brest France. The Bismarck struck an extinct underwater volcano, which rose some 1 kilometer above the surrounding abyssal plain triggering a  1 mile landslide.  Bismarck slid down the mountain, coming to a stop two-thirds down.

Ballard's survey found no underwater penetrations of the ship's fully armoured citadel.  Dents on hull showed that  most of the 14 inch shells fired by King George V bounced off the German belt armour.


Ballard noted that he found no evidence of the internal implosions that occur when a hull that is not fully flooded sinks. The surrounding water, which has much greater pressure than the air in the hull, would crush the ship. Instead, Ballard points out that the hull is in relatively good condition; he states simply that "Bismarck did not implode."  This suggests that Bismarck's compartments were flooded when the ship sank, clearly proving the scuttling theory.  Ballard had kept the exact location of the wreck a secret to prevent other divers from taking artifacts from the ship, a practice he considers a form of grave robbing—already enough of injustice had been done to Bismarck. In any case it was the property of Germany as per law.


Ballard found the hull integrity to be sound, adding: "We found a hull that appears whole and relatively undamaged by the descent and impact" . They concluded after examining the HD underwater videos that the sole cause of sinking was due to scuttling: sabotage of engine-room valves by her crew, as claimed by German survivors and Hitler.


In June 2001, Deep Ocean Expeditions, partnered with Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute conducted another investigation of the wreck. The researchers used Russian-built mini-subs to examine Bismarck. William N. Lange, a Woods Hole expert, stated that "You see a large number of shell holes in the superstructure and deck, but a few along the sides , but absolutely none below the waterline."  The expedition HD underwater videos showed found no penetrations in the main armoured belt, above or below the waterline.  


The 2002 documentary film  Expedition “ Bismark  directed by James Cameron and filmed in May–June 2002 using smaller and more agile MIR submersibles,  reconstructed the events leading to the sinking of Bismarck. These provided some interior shots of Bismarck for the first time, which were transmitted on the National Geographic channel . His findings were that there was no damage below the waterline of the ship to confirm that she was actually sunk by shells and torpedoes. In fact, upon close inspection of the wreckage, it was confirmed that none of the torpedoes or shells penetrated the second layer of the inner hull. This nailed Churchill’s lie spread around by Zionist Rothschild controlled media.  Churchill’s mother Jenny Jerome was Rothschilds.


Using small ROVs to examine the interior of the ship, Cameron discovered that the torpedo blasts had failed to shatter the torpedo bulkheads.  The torpedo explosions had only destroyed the voids placed between the outer wall of the hull and interior sections of the ship; the purpose of these voids was to act as additional fuel storage and to absorb underwater explosions. "The inner tank walls are untouched by any explosive force...So the armor worked.  40% of Bismarck's 52000 ton displacement was armour.  Cameron concluded that the torpedoes caused "no flooding".


The Bismarck remains were in surprisingly good condition, that even the huge Swastika symbol on the foredeck was intact, and stood the test of time,  with the secondary battery guns pointed upwards defiantly. The main turrets held by gravity had fallen off when the ship capsized. The  funnel , foremast and superstructure had ripped off..


During World War 2 Ireland was neutral. But secretly they were arm twisted by Rothschild  Zionist Jews and Churchill to allow long range 19 hour non-stop flight US twin engine Catalina  seaplanes, armed with depth charges  to operate from there. If the Christians in US congress had known about this Zionist Jew President Roosevelt would have been impeached.


This was arranged by Zionist Jew William Joseph Donovan, ( head of OSS –Office of strategic services ) the founder of CIA.  His statue can be seen at the main entrance of the CIA building.  Jew Donovan was adjunct to the Jewish judge Samuel Rosenman at the fake Nuremberg trials which meted out victor’s justice. Donovan’s Jewish mother’s name was Anna Letitia.   Donovan and Roosevelt received their orders from financier Bernard Baruch , the richest man of America and a Rothschild blood agent of USA.


The American 133 Eagle squadron with 230 American were in Northern Ireland, based at RAF Eglinton ( an airfield near Derry )in great secrecy .This was 6 months before the Pearl Harbour attack and America joining the war.

Neutral Ireland arm twisted by Rothschild, secretly allowed overhead flights through the “Donigal Corridor” from Belleek to Ballyshannon.


It was a Catalina seaplane ( RAF 209 squadron Lock Erne Nothern Ireland ) of USA flown by US pilot Leonard Tuck Smith that spotted Bismarck, which the whole of British navy and air force could not achieve.



Catalina dropped 4 submarine depth charges near the stern of the Bismarck damaging her rudder and flew back to Lough Erne. Bismarck could now manoeuvre only by using her engines—basically she was a sitting duck.


The next day the lone and rudder disabled Bismarck was hounded by 2 aircraft carriers, 8 battle ships, 11 cruisers, 21 destroyers and 6 submarines and 300 , wave after wave aircraft sorties from HMS Ark Royal.  70 aircraft would dump their useless torpedoes and all their ammunition on Bosmarck and and go back to the aircraft carrier for more. 

Bismarck fought back valiantly , against impossible odds.

Bismarck damaged several ships and shot down 27 of Ark Royal's aircraft , earning the admiration and respect for outstanding gallantry of the common British sailors who were witnessing all this action. All these ships who attacked Bismarck like hyenas pouncing on a stricken and trapped elephant, slunk away as soon as Bismarck with raging fires on board , sank.  Admiral Gunther Lutjens the captain of Bismark went down with the ship.


Bismarck was just overwhelmed by more than 400 direct hits from all around . She had no air cover or help from U boats.  Sailors were jumping off the blazing ship – a terrible sight. Dorsetshire and Maori  saved just 114 men out of nearly 2000 in the water ,  just to prove to the world—yes—we saved men in the water. The next day a German ship Sachenswald saved 5 tired swimmers , the last of them. About 2000 had a watery grave.


US pilot Leonard Tuck Smith was from Higginsville Missouri. He was given the distinguished flying cross medal 6 months before Pearl Harbour, and had a hard time lying to his colleagues in USA as to how he got it. He was told to keep his mouth shut by President Roosevelt.. ( None of Roosevelt's White House covert manoeverings to support Rothschild and Churchill has ever been found out by the naive US congress ). Finally the pangs of conscience got the better of him and Smith spilled the beans after 50 years.


Smith confessed on the radio in 1992— ( 50th Anniversary of the sinking of the Bismarck )

QUOTE:-- Our country had passcd the Lease-Lend programme, in which we agreed to lend some aircraft to Great Britain. Our president sent over his Mr Donovan, who was later the head of our Secret Service, OSS, and asked Mr Churchill, "What can we do to help?" The Prime Minister said, "Right now I need some pilots to show our pilots how to fly these new Catalinas we're getting." The word came out to the fleet saying, "We're looking for volunteers". My commanding officer told me I was a volunteer! I was a secret when I was sent over in 1941. Ostensibly I was to help train some Royal Air Force pilots, on the lease-lend planes. The particular aircraft involved were Catalina flying boats. 


These aircraft were primarily designed for reconnaissance and submarine warfare. They were sold to the country, but the pilots weren't. The RAF pilots were very qualified pilots, but on a new aircraft they needed somebody to show them which button to push. That was our job, but I also went out on patrols. The Bismarck sunk the Hood a week or so earlier. The Prime Minister had ordered an all-out search to find it, destroy it; I joined the search. I think the credit had never been given, but it really should have been given to the Operations officer at Aldergrove, who devised a search plan that told us where to look. UNQUOTE



There was a US battle ship too at the scene, against the laws on engagement . At 22.10 on May 24th, nine Swordfish torpedo-bombers left the ‘Victorious’ to attack the Bismarck. Using directions from the ‘Norfolk’, the planes attacked through the cloud and found themselves attacking this American battle ship—the usual friendly fire bit!.  On May 27th they managed to torpedo their own ship HMS Sheffield too.


The Bismarck was made at the Blohm and Voss shipyard at Hamburg. She was 824 feet long and could do 34.53  knots. I have dry docked my ship there. She had dazzle paint to camouflage her from aircraft.

This behemoth was the fastest , most powerful and most majestic of them all.







The official version is that torpedoes fired by a Swordfish aircraft  ( which carried 70 aircraft ) from the aircraft carrier HMS Ark Royal disabled the rudder of Bismarck. A Swordfish pilot John Muffat was supposed to have fired the unreliable torpedo (with RIDICULOUS magnetic detonators which explode on the surface of the sea) . Thousands of such torpedos CANNOT destroy the rudder of Bismarck 6 metres down under water surface, (considering swell caused by gale of windforce 8 in that area in May season ). 



Two years back a senile Muffat went ahead and published his memoirs I SANK THE BISMARCK.  he was pissed off when the publishers under orders from Zionists media controllers, changed the I to WE. 


Hitler had his revenge on HMS Ark Royal when his German submarine U -81 sank the Ark Royal on 13th Nov 1941. 


A plane from this British aircraft carrier was the one who gave some friendly torpedos to HMS Sheffield.--and nothing happened to her.
*******************************************************************************
QUEEN OF ITEM NUMBERS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


SILK SMITHA-- THE QUEEN OF THEM ALL

This post is for my foreign readers who form 85% of my readership base. 

Check out what you don't get to see in Hollywood movies-- song- dance- the works!!  Indian women have wide hipbones. 

You will notice that Indian songs are melodious , dance is graceful and does not involve gymnastics, jumping cartwheels and acrobatics- if we need to see jumping jacks we can go to a circus -right?.

In India if a movie must be a hit, there must be at least one good song dance number. 

The queen of the item number dancers was SILK SMITHA. She acted in more than 500 movies. She was paid more than the heroine as she guaranteed a mega hit. 

After 18 years of dancing her way into the hearts of movie goers, she committed suicide.


SILK SMITHA
*******************************************************************************
MULLAPERIYAR DAM - BIGGEST DISASTER IN THE HISTORY OF THE PLANET AWAITING -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



THE SHOCKING STORY OF MULLAPERIYAR DAM,  AND THE IGNORANT "EXPERTS"-- DANGEROUS DAM ON VERGE OF COLLAPSE.

A few minutes ago I saw Tamil film actress Khushboo giving her take on the Mullaperiar dam issue.

What a disgrace-- we need to hear nonsense spoken by a film actress on a grave subject where Kerala could lose 3.1 million people and also 1/12 of its land -- which we say Parashuram reclaimed from the sea, by throwing his axe.



Khusboo says it will take an earthquake of 6.4 ( 60 KILOTONS or 250 TJ ) on the Richter scale to affect the dam. 

Well I am a captain of a ship who has been in command for nearly 3 decades. I know what is water power , in the technical sense.  I know what is hydropower-- and I consider myself an expert.

Khushboo says that there are many dams in the world which are more than 100 years old.  Well Khushboo baby, none of them are masonry gravity dams made with Choona lime, which you put in paan--which leaches away .

And none of them are in such a torrential monsoon downpour area such as Mullaperiar catchment . And Khushboo baby, none of them are situated at such a huge height as 837 metres (plus the height of water ).





We had foreign forces funded NGOs fighting tooth and nail for Koodamkulam nuclear plant shut down. Because ( sniff! ) they are so much concerned about Indian black skins. Hey how about Mullaperiar?



I am NOT talking about this dam being located on a seismic fault line. I am NOT gonna take about 26 tremors which shook this area in the past 3 weeks-out of the which the one 10 days ago was 3.5 on the Richter scale, which produces several large cracks on this 116 year old , 367 metre long dam made of -hold your breath-- SUGAR, Calcium oxide , sand and stone by an amateur British corps of Engineers. 



Their first juvenile attempt was washed away in a flood -- this dam is their second attempt.

IN MY PERSONAL OPINION THIS DAM CANNOT TAKE ANYTHING MORE THAN 4.5 ON THE RICHTER SCALE.

Using this logarithmic Richter scale, a magnitude 5 earthquake would result in ten times the level of ground shaking as a magnitude 4 earthquake (and 32 times as much energy would be released).

This is NOT gonna be a small Morvi dam disaster.

Let me give the possible scenario, without any earthquake-- torrential rains due to HAARP playing around with the ionosphere, (causing changed weather patterns) -- will cause landslides .

Such a landslide can cause a SOLITION WAVE ( tsunami wave ) which can smash on the weakened cracked structure and just pulverise the dam.

This will cause a DOMINO EFFECT on 4 dams downstream.


The gradient to the sea is very steep-- this is no gentle slow flowing tsunami. 

The mass of rushing water like a F1 race car will just smash up everything on its way to the Arabian sea, scouring away 1/12 of Kerala's land, along with its rich fauna and flora we are so proud about. God's own country will never be the same, and we will require another Lord Parashurama to throw another axe.



The Mullaperiyar dam is constructed at the confluence of both the rivers Periyar and Mullaiyar to create the Periyar reservoir. From Periyar Thekkady reservoir, water is diverted eastwards to Tamilnadu via a tunnel enabling the water to join the Vaigai River.
From Periyar Thekkady Reservoir, the Periyar river flows northwestward into the Idukki reservoir formed by the Idukki, Cheruthoni and Kulamavu dams. From Idukki reservoir, Periyar river flows northwestwards and then westward to join the Arabian sea at Munambam near Kodungallur and the Vembanad lake at Kochi.
The dam is operated by the Government of Tamil Nadu on a arm twisting and obsolete 999-year lease agreement made during erstwhile British colonial rule, between the British Government (Madras Presidency) and the Travancore Maharajah.


In between to make the dam appear strong, the Govt of Tamil Nadu has done BAND AID retro repairs with cement and cables. Any attempt to cosmetically reduce the scouring effect of water like this, WEAKENS the gravity dam, instead of strengthening it.

This old obsolete dam has outlived its life.  The dam had been stretched till today.


NO MORE!


THIS CRACKED UP DAM IN A CRITICAL STATE, MUST BE SHUT DOWN WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT AND A NEW DAM MADE DOWN STREAM.

NO MORE STUPID BAND AID COSMETIC REPAIRS OF CRACKS.

Why don't you call in some experts from Netherlands if you don't believe me?



The fear and trauma among young children , triggered by a callously ignored red alert, will cause a new generation of paranoid cowards (vepraalam party ) , due to reprogramming of DNA.  We, the proud people of this ancient land cannot tolerate this.




DIGRESSION:


37 years ago, when i was a young boy, I took a bus from Mangalore to Mumbai. 

On the passage , the radiator of the bus cracked at midnight somewhere in the middle of no man's land.


I remember, I got hold of another youngster to help me out.


I wanted CHOONA LIME, SUGAR, FRESH MOTHER'S MILK and RAW KERALA BANANA.


I got everything except the milk. 


Finally despite being threatened by the husband of a pretty young lady in burkha nursing a baby, I got the milk. 

This kind and intelligent lady felt that I was doing something right,to save the situation ( in a unsafe area ) and squeezed it into a glass. 


I made a strong adhesive solution which held the hot radiators leak till the next workshop.


Choona was the cement.

Sugar was the binder

Fresh mother's milk did the magic catalysis --surprised?

Raw Kerala banana was the resin.


On ship's which carry corrosive salt we coat the steel of the ship's cargo hold with lime , sugar and milk.  

After that once the salt is discharged, takes atleast 300 bars of water pressure from a HP wash Kew machine to get the white compound off the rough steel surface.

IF MULLAPERIYAR DAM PULVERISES AND KILLS  --  THE TOP HONCHOS OF INDIA ( POLITICIANS , TECHNOCRATS , JUDGES ) INVOLVED IN STONEWALLING AND "PRETENDING TO SLEEP" ON PRESSURE FROM TAMILNADU FARMERS, WILL GO BEHIND BARS .




How long can you procrastinate the solution?   

A terrorist can blast this dam easily with minimum low quality explosives , any day!

ADVISE TO KERALA GOVERNMENT:    IF TAMILNADU GOVT REFUSES TO SEE REASON, JUST REFUSE TO HONOUR AN ALIEN CONTRACT MADE BY THE BRITISH CHRISTIAN INVADERS.    

YOU CAN NEVER WAKE UP  SOMEBODY WHO IS PRETENDING TO SLEEP-- WITHOUT A RESOUNDING  PAINFUL KICK.




They had this PEA BRAINED Headlines today TV reporter Priyamvada ( Tamilian woman ) inspecting the dam and telling it will last 999 years.  

This is the same woman who charged the Sri Lankan Govt with genocide after speaking to Lankan LTTE Tamils survivors.   

Based on her report Tamil Nadu assembly unanimously wants to pardon the killers of our PM , Rajiv Gandhi.  

Is this woman with shifty eyes , worthy of trust?  

Is she credible?  

She has done irreversible damage to herself and Headlines Today TV channel.  


If this is what her "moral fibre" is -- 
we Indians ( leave out LTTE supporting Tamilians ) do 
NOT believe Priyamwatha's research about 
Sri Lankan army genocide, at all. 

Headlines Today Annachi channel-- suggest you send this thirumati muniyamma to Koodamkulam nuclear plant for an  expert opinion too -- the thiru muniyandis sitting in protest, will love it when she declares " This plant is gonna blow up soon!"




It will be a wise idea to scan all land deed documents ( Registry Govt offices ) and keep them at safer places in Kerala. Or later there will be riots as to who owns which property-- when whole families have got drowned.

Below: Enjoy the video below-- Kerala water resources minister PJ Joseph --on a lighter vein.



For non-believers of the power of SOLITON WAVES or Tsunami waves which went all the way from Indonesia to Somalia without losing energy, here is a video below. A smoke ring is a soliton wave.

 


Having said all this, it is well known that there has been a serious attempt by foreign funded Christian missionary NGOs, to drive a wedge between Kerala Hindus and Tamilian Andhra Hindus. 

Tamilian Hindus have been attacked on their way to Sabarimala. 

Foreign funded media gives a jaundiced version of the truth. Divide and rule policy is the instrument by which Indian became slaves to the invading Christian white man.

Sabarimala is now the largest congregation of pilgrims on this planet and even Christians who understand the Morphogenic Consciousness Field have started doing the pilgrimage-- and this has alarmed Vatican. 

Christian missionaries are funding both sides and fueling the inter-Hindu conflict.  

In Tamil Nadu new born Christian children are being named after the British Dam Engineer John Pennycuick.  








In Kerala , the Christian Padres are the ones to trigger all morchas asking for new dam.



Foreign funds are like the small fish on a fishing hook. Nothing comes free --  small funds extract a HUGE Judas factor. And we are NOT short of Judases whose heart beats for Vatican and Jerusalem.
*******************************************************************************
WALMART IS NOT GOOD FOR INDIA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


SAY NO TO WALMART INDIA - THE EVIL CORPORATION-  LOW COST AT EXTREMELY HIGH PRICE-- FDI IN INDIAN RETAIL .


“There are two ways to conquer and enslave a nation. One is by the sword. The other is by debt” – John Adams, 1735-1826


Today I saw our Union Minister for Commerce, Anand Sharma on TV, singing the praises of Walmart. 

Why not? 



He may be nattily dressed, but he appears to be of very low IQ.  We must not forget that he was just a ordinary rabble rousing student Congress leader ( NSUI ).

He says " If Walmart is good enough for China, then it is good enough for India!". You should have seen his face -- stupid guy!

This SUPER moron keeps giving unsolicited declarations" Too much of food is wasted ."  

So ?

What were you doing for 8 long years ?  Why did you not make storage facilities and freezers? 

Did we stop you? 

You want our ex- rulers to come and do this for India?


And according to this Sonia Gandhi stooge , and paid up by "lobbying " politician--

-- we need help in running a supermarket chain, and freezers--  never mind we placed our flag on the moon 2 years ago. 

Well Anandji - 

China benefits by Walmart. Walmart sources from China. Walmart puts RFID ( radio frequency identification ) in Walmart's products. 

Tomorrow you go to the loo , big brother in China and in USA , will know what time you went in and what time you came out. The software will tell them what you were up to inside all alone in a smelly place for so long.

Walmart has started giving loyalty scheme cards, where you accumulate points, which you can redeem later by purchases. 



Sounds like a WIN-WIN situation to you, right?

It is not!



Loyalty schemes are a way for Walmart to collect information about you.  Recently they have been providing such information to CIA and FBI-- and they got caught, with their pants down. They made the mistake of providing information,  to prove a man as an alcoholic in court. 



After Sept 11th , FBI has been generously dipping into the purchases of Muslims and aliens in USA for anti-terrorism strategies. 

Of course the excuse is " If any food shipment is poisoned by Islamic terrorists , then we would like to know with the wave of a wand, where all these contaminated stocks lie, to save American non-Islamic lives!"



These chips are inserted in most of your personal belongings which are non-consumable.



Walmart holds more than 605 terrabytes of information on their computer database-- which is a mindboggling 605 followed by 12 zeroes. This is more than twice the amount of information on the Internet.



This plastic card is the eye of big brother. 

From your purchases the computer itself will answer questions on what type of person you are. If you are a vegetarian, or you are a homosexual or what pet you have or how many children you have and of what age, sex and size --or how little you screw your wife etc etc


RFID is nano technology, it is so small you can never find it. It is a transmitter chip which can talk to scanning devices. Of course the excuse is that they would like to know by the wave of a wand , if a pair of Levi jeans has been stolen --or if sufficient 38 inch waist jeans are stacked or whatever. 

They will say that the RFID is solely for tracking goods from manufacturer to warehouse, to warn them of misplaced goods. 

 

Tomorrow our ISRO scientist will wear a Wrangler jeans and board a flight. The people interested in bumping him off, know exactly when and where to do it.



Japanese Hitachi has made RFID tags which are just 0.045 mm in size-- 4 years ago. RFID are embedded in mobile phones you buy from select stores.



Anand Sharma says people can buy cheap stuff from Walmart stores and they will be more RURAL based-- this super-ignoramus is talking about the express stores of Walmart. 

Below Walmart's Indian stooges.--Sunil Bharti Mittal ( owner of Walmart india -- best price ) and Commerce Minister Anand Sharma-- the master wheeler and dealer and Sonia's pet, ever since he married a Muslim Zenobia Azad...





Well Anandji, I can claim to have shopped from Walmart for the past 4 decades. Today a lot of countries have seen commonsense and only 15 countries (including India) sponsor Walmart. 

They are already in India under the name BEST PRICE. They will never allow employee unions.

Below picture check out our Sunil Bharti with the Rothschilds. Lynn Rothchild on his right and Evelyn Rothschild on his left. Contrary to what gullible Sunil Bharti thinks, it is a HUGE disgrace for a honourable Indian to be seen with the greedy and deceptive Rothschilds -- the original drug runners, the original slave traders and the owners of British East India company who ruled over India and stole all our wealth.






First of all who runs Walmart. Why are all the Zionist Jew run media giving Walmart rave reviews?. 

Simple reason is Walmart is also Zionist Jew owned. Sam Walton's daughter Ann Walton married a Jew, who owns NFL and NBA teams. 



In USA where they can be jailed for being anti-semitic, they call Walmart " Jew Mart" quite openly.


The world's third largest “shylock” corporation, according to Fortune Global 500, considered the biggest private employer in the world with over two million employees working at 8,500 stores in 15 countries, under 55 different names earned a whopping $446.950 billion in 2012.  In the US alone due to a “lobbying” ( read as bribes ) blitzkrieg it has more than 4,000 stores, but only a handful in the big cities.  Nobody wants Walmart in USA, yet in India we are about to embrace this Frankenstein, due to an Italian woman's efforts.



WALMART INTENTIONALLY SELLS A PRODUCT AT LOW COST INITIALLY TO KILL ALL COMPETITION.   THIS IS TERMED "PREDATORY PRICING" AND "MONOPOLY DRIVE".



If anybody takes Walmart to court for being un-ethical, they know how to get out of court settlements. And no Zionist media will report it. You get to see such stuff only on the Internet.



Walmart's biggest trading partner is China-- both are benefiting out of this gruesome tactics. 

Walmart will NEVER allow itself to be audited by a third party,--we have to lump what they give us.



Why don't you go to a Walmart store and try to buy a single roll of tissue paper, which you can do anywhere else in India . No --you will have to buy a huge packet, in which there will be 20 rolls.

India is now on the Walmart target list, with our easily bribed Ministers, politicians and judiciary. Walmart has "lobbied" more than 6 million US Dollars in India.



Walmart is a living example of the original Adam Smith capitalist theory about profits at all costs. 



This is what our Amartya Sen, a stooge of Zionist Jew Rothschild ( his wife is Rothschild  ) has to say about Walmart --

I think the positive thing of Wal-Mart coming in might be, that it reduces the margin that we have between the prices that the sellers get and the prices at which the purchasers buy. It may allow more income to go to the poor who produce it. To that extent, Wal-Mart being here might also expand Indian exports and improve the lives of the poor. On Excerpts from an interview given to CNBC-TV18. in Manali Rohinesh, "Hunger is quiet violence: Amartya Sen", Money control.com, 26 April 2007.



When India burst a nuclear bomb on May 20th 1998 at Pokhran, the entire West sabre rattled. 

At that time I told the white Anglo-saxons. "If you put sanctions on India--we just don't care. Right now there are only two countries in the world you cant bring down on its knees, by slapping sanctions. One is China --the other is India. So if you try to slap our faces you will hurt your own hands".



This is exactly what Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, told in parliament. Go ahead , slap sanctions by all means --we could NOT care less. I will hurt you more.


Now you get a general idea, that it was for the good of India when we decided to have our own infrastructure for everything. 

Now you get the drift why we had only Ambassador cars and Premier Padmini cars for 3 decades, right!



Walmart has antagonised the whole world-- for they did NOT care for the Pop and Mom stores they gobbled up. 




They have no idea what social responsibility means in a country like India. If we allow Walmart to run amok in India, we will soon become a banana republic. 



Is this not what United Fruit Company did in the South American continent-- they decided which minister would be appointed for which portfolio.  They decided who would be the next prime Minister and Supreme court judge.



And Sharma with his low IQ will say smugly " Walmart creates jobs!" . Hey, what about the jobs and livelihoods lost?  What about the family stores shut down? What about the poor mans's dreams.


So very soon with no competition, all of us have to drive down to the Walmart store. What about the Gasoline and diesel burnt. 



Ruthless cutting costs to sell at low prices JUST TO MAKE PROFITS-- suits whom?  -- may be only the minister whom Walmart bribed, to enter India's parlour. 


And so after killing all competition in that neck of the woods, you will quetly jack up your prices at your own whims , right? 

Like how oil companies are jacking up prices . We Indians are NOT stupid! 




We Indians are NOT stupid to accept 32 rupees poverty line limit. Montek Singh Ahluwalia , Manmohan Singh and their thinking caps -  HA! what a joke!  

Do they understand Indian economics? 



First of all this duo took economics in college just because they could not qualify for IIT or the Maths and Science strains , right?  Why are we so impressed with this mediocre duo? 



Why should we allow Walmart to wreak havoc on Indian economy? So that Sonia Gandhi will be happy--the way she was so happy with our nuclear deal, where she sold out India  ? 

Why do we want to transfer our Indian jobs to Chinese sweat shops?



Sam Walton shoved his way to the top in a few years by roughing up all competition and extracting the POUND OF FLESH. 


Of course they will give their patron Indian ministers  , and even important security provider ranks FREE SHOPPING CARDS, with RFID inserted inside-- as a grateful gift.



Could the Walton family ( the richest in the world ) get rich so fast by being ethical and without aggressive exploitation ?

Do we want to allow Walmart into India to reduce poor Indians to even greater poverty? 

We Indians would rather have a BUY INDIA store than a BUY CHINA store.



All world class manufacturers have "FOR WALMART ONLY" models which are of poorer quality. 

Don't ever get brainwashed by ministers like Anand Sharma that Walmart is the cheapest.  Like when I worked in SCI we had Hamam soaps meant for SCI.



For starters, I have spent more man hours in Walmart stores than our  Anand SharmaJI -- the frog in the well talking through his hat , about the outside world!



We will NOT allow India to be made a DUMPING GROUND for "Chinese made first world reject" goods.  We Indians do NOT want to drink Sri Lankan tea and Columbian coffee . We have better ones at home. We do NOT care what Bollywood stars Priyanka Chopra and Shahid Kapoor tells about Columbian Coffee and Sri Lankan tea in their advertisements. 

NDTV has given lot of air space to Bharti group, hoping to brainwash the Indian public with the "virtues" of messiah Walmart. They have already opened BHARTI WALMART in Vijayawada National Highway No 5 , Nidamanuru called BEST PRICE ( 53,000 sq feet area ).




If you go to a Indian KFC outlet and ask for a bucket with 12 chicken pieces,  just see how many "breasts" there will be inside.  You will get all legs and wings.




A joke:

An American tourist went to a Mumbai restaurant and ordered " breast coat of chicken" .



There was a huge brass plaque on display at the restaurant-- WE ALWAYS SERVE THE BEST--WHEN WE CANT SERVE THE BEST, WE ALWAYS SERVE THE SECOND BEST.

The waiter knew that the restaurant freezer did NOT have any breasts , and so he went and reported to the manager . 

The manager went to the tourist , apologised and said that since India is a third world country we had only legs, wings and necks. Breasts are exported to America.

The American banged his fist on the table and screamed aggressively  "I want breast coat of fuckin' chicken--now !" .

The manager excused himself, wore white gloves, and a tie-- he took a fresh hot washed plate, and put a used condom in it.


Then he wended his way to the nasty American and said --

" Sir, if you read our motto on the brass plaque, when we cant serve the best, we serve the 2nd best.  Now, we do NOT have the "breast coat of chicken" , - but we do have the "coat of a cock" - ENJOY !" 



He thrust the plate in front of the vain American tourist and left the scene. 



YES-- THE MOTTO SEEMS TO BE " IN GREED WE TRUST "!

 

So what is thrust upon you in a Walmart Store?
A1 milk and milk products of humpless western cows which are toxic.
GM foods which are toxic.
Broiler chicken pumped with steroids, hormones and atibiotics.
Processed foods which give you allergy and diseases.
Rejected goods from the West dumped in India.
Etc etc


All genuine criticism of Zionism is automatically branded and disqualified as "Anti-Semitism", "Discrimination". All public debate on the political abuse and misuse of "The Holocaust" is branded as "Revisionist Denial", "Antisemitism", "Hate Mongering", etc... This is all tantamount to Intellectual Terrorism.


Zionist Walmart has been lobbying hard over the past year with US  lawmakers to garner support to introduce FDI in multi-brand retail in India. It is a very bizarre thing that giving bribes to Congressmen is called “lobbying” in USA.  


This “lobbying” ( sic!) is a legal thing in US. Lobbying funds find their way into India via foreign funded NGOs and reach the pockets of the Trade ministry and ruling party strongmen.


 The only condition is that they must inform the US  senate via a quarterly disclosure report, regarding the fund disbursements.


So the loop hole is provided—spend as many millions of dollars as you want by way of bribing—just make a bullshit official statement stating a small percentage of the actually spent amount , for the US senate , house of reps and trade reps , with vouchers for the sake of it, to be complaint with the law.


Wal-Mart,  has participated in an aggressive and high-priced lobbying campaign to amend the long-standing U.S. anti-bribery law that the company has violated again and again .



The US Justice Department will never  investigate Wal-Mart for allegations of systematic .They use high-powered lobbyists, like former attorney generals.


The 1977 law, known as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, prohibits U.S. companies from offering gratuities and gifts to foreign officials to advance corporate interests.


Walmart pledges NIL tolerance for corruption around the globe, and high core values and ethics—all bull.

Rothschild agent Sunil Bharti Mittal was awarded Padma Bhushan in 2007--India's 3rd highest civilian honor. 
Rothschild agent Rakesh Bharti Mittal  runs Field Fresh Foods  in India.

In the picture below you find Sunil Bharti Mittal , Rakesh Bharti Mittal ( white hair ),  Lady Lynn Forester Rothschild ( whose family owned British East India Company who enslaved India ) and Manmohan Singh PM of India.  All are very happy in a win-win situation.




And below is Dr JJ Irani Director of Tata ( who were the Opium agents of Rothschild, owners of British East India Company ) with lady Lynn Forester Rothschild.




In USA , "bribing" is called "lobbying".    Walmart has already used past US presidents ( Bill Clinton, Bush )  , Secretary of state  ( Hillary, Albright ) ,  past US ambassadors etc to "lobby" in India. In India we have Zionist stooges Amartya Sen, Chetan Bhagat actively lobbying for Walmart.  

I expect Chetan Bhagat to write a book singing the praises of FDI in multibrand and Zionist magazines giving him an award for that .

When a poor man says that he ate 2 chappaties and 1 onion yesterday-- that is a number worth crunching. 

When an economist with a moth eaten face and poor IQ, comes on a foreign funded Indian TV channel, and says the country's growth percentage is 5.86% -- this is BULL SHIT with a capital B.


70% of the small “pop and mom” stores in Thailand , and 50% in Britain , shut down after Walmart went in!!

Walmart is the world’s third largest corporation, according to Fortune Global 500, considered the biggest private employer in the world with over two million employees working at 8,500 stores in 15 countries, under 55 different names earned a whopping $410 BILLION in 2011. 

They will "lobby" with Sonia Gandhi ,Manmohan Singh and Anand Sharma and brown nose their way into India.

WE INDIANS MUST MAKE SURE THAT OUR PM , COMMERCE MINISTER AND FINANCE MINISTER IS WHOM WE CHOOSE, AND NOT WHAT THE GREEDY BANKING CARTEL,  OR FOREIGNERS CHOOSE.



OK, Walmart will make coolers for our veggies , to prevent wastage -- so, who is gonna pay for the electricity?  Walmart? 
*******************************************************************************
A PRAYER WHICH STOOD US IN GOOD STEAD -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Three months ago, we had our old students meet at our school. 

You can read my write up about it by punching into Google OLD ALUMNI MEET- VADAKAYIL

We stood in the morning assembly like small kids , like how we did four decades ago.

The morning prayer of  our childhood school days , spewed out flawless from our sub-conscious , like the perennial river--

-- amazing!

ASA TOH MAA SAD GAMA YAH




This chant is 7000 years old-- written in Sanskrit. 

When the rest of the world ate raw meat , lived in dark caves , wore animal skins , did grunt grunt for language , and could not think beyond eating, going for a crap and sleeping-- Indians were talking about consciousness and quantum physics..


ॐ असतो मा सद्गमय ।
तमसो मा ज्योतिर्गमय ।
मृत्योर्मा अमृतं गमय ।
ॐ शान्तिः शान्तिः शान्तिः ॥

Om Asato Maa Sad-Gamaya |
Tamaso Maa Jyotir-Gamaya |
Mrtyor-Maa Amrtam Gamaya |
Om Shaantih Shaantih Shaantih ||

Meaning:
1: Lead us from Unreal to the Real,
2: Lead us from the Darkness to the Light,
3: Lead us from the Fear of Death to the Knowledge of Immortality.
4: OM- Peace, Peace, Peace.
DAYA KAR DAAN VIDYA KA




Daya kar daan vidya ( bhakti for scouts ) ka hame parmatma dena
Daya kar maa hamari atma mein shuddhata dena
Hamare dhyaan mein aao, Prabhu! aakhon mein bas jaao 

Andhere dil mein aa karke, param jyoti jaga dena
Baha do prem ki ganga, dilon mein prem ka sagar
Hame aapas mein mil-jul kar, prabhu rehna sikha dena
Hamara dharm ho seva, hamara karm ho seva
Sada eeman ho seva, va sevak jan bana dena
Vatan ke vaaste jeena, vatan ke vaaste marna
Vatan par jaan phida karna, prabhu humko sikha dena

Om SahanaBavatu
Sahnau-r-bhunaktu
Sahviryam karavavaheh
Tejasvina-m-vadhitamastu
Maa vidvishavahe
Om shantih!!! shantih!!! shantih!!


Oh God, give us knowledge
Grant us abundant spirit
Give us purity of soul
Enter  our consciousness
Dwell in our vision
Deliver our hearts  from darkness to light
Make knowledge flow towards us like the Ganges
Make love flow out from our hearts like a river
Show us how to live in harmony
Teach us the joy of noble deeds
Show us how to be honest
Give us the strength to be hardworking
Show us how to love our country and die for her
Show  us how to sacrifice
Lead us to knowledge
Show us the way to purify of our souls



Today when I look back -- I will say this --

What a lofty school prayer --- the essence of India, indeed !!
*******************************************************************************
BRAIN MASSAGE WITH SRI YANTRA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



The geometry above is divine. It contains the THEORY OF EVERYTHING. This geometry is seen in our ancient Indian temples.

Super genius Nikola Tesla with a fractal mind would see the Sri Yantra in blinding flashes.

The Sri Yantra is traditionally held by 12 strand nil junk DNA Vedic rishis to have been divinely revealed around 8000 BC.  These super-men with fractal minds and king sized pineal glands could see numerical problems as fractal 3D geometry.




In August 1990 a huge 2D Sri Yantra was inscribed overnight on a dry lake bed in USA Oregon and spotted by a National air guard plane from Idaho. 

The lines engraved were 13.3 miles long , 10 inches wide and 3 inches deep in soft mud , when measured. There were no footprints or tyre marks in the soft mud-- unlike the quintessential corn crop circle which cannot record footprints.

Pretty soon two American hilly billys came along with muddy shoes and claimed that they made the diagram using ropes and wooden sticks. 

Somebody who knew what a EXTREMELY COMPLICATED AND PRECISE GEOMETRY Sri Yantra is and how complicated it is to make, gave them a piece  A4 size paper and some geometrical instruments , and told them “ If you can make this same diagram on this sheet of paper within one month—I will give you a huge reward” . 

The two bumpkins were not seen after that.

It’s location in the desert of eastern Oregon is now a “sacred place” for UFO watchers worldwide who still make the journey to the Mikey Basin to be near the site where Sri Yantra was first discovered.

Now let me put a video below to show how complicated this sacred geometry is.


 


If you stare at the centre spot ( bindu singularity ) every morning for 5 minutes , you will balance your left and right brain lobes.





Sri Yantra which follows the Fibonacci series and the Golden ratio ( lifted from 7000 year old Vedic Mathematics ) is the mystical 3D holographic construct of the Cosmos by 9 VIRTUAL SPIRALLING VORTEX CONES — 4 pointing upwards and 5 pointing downwards, as a sort of ying-yang balance.

 

If you see the video above in 3D cones, you will understand this geometry better.

 

The secrets of Cosmic unity are held by the inter-penetration of 9 triangles to form 43 smaller triangles. To understand in 2D -- out of 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4 point upwards, to form 43 triangles. 

All triple intersections meet at the same point. The vertices of the largest triangles fall on the circumference of the enclosing circle. Except for the two biggest triangles, all apexes touch the base of another triangle. 

The central triangle facing downwards must be equilateral and holds the Bindu of the holistic pyramid .  The Bindu is also the centre of the circle .  

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva and shakti qualities making the divine number 108..

The Indian Mantra of OM or AUM is 11000 years old. When you chant this master mantra with its harmonics at 7.83 Hz ( earth's heart beat --Schumann resonance ) , the Sri Yantra forms like magic on water.


The Sri yantra is holographic, in that every bit of it contains all of it. The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the  Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship between pi and phi .


The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.61803  ). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt.

51 deg 49 min 38.25 sec are the angle measurements for both the Egyptian pyramids and Sri Yantra pyramid.






The Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship between pi and phi . The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.618033989 ).


By the way, the architects of the Pyramids and the Sphinx were Vaishnavites from Kerala , who put a U mark on their foreheads


Sri Yantra is the foundation of Vaastu ( the original feng shui ). Vaastu insisted on the PERFECT , NESW cardinal orientation--just like the pyramids. Warrior sage Parashurama introduced it to Kerala.




A golden rectangle is a rectangle whose side lengths are in the golden ratio, 1: 1.618. whose reciprocal is 0.618033989 . . . . . so that we have 1/G = 1 + G. The Sri Yantra is the basis of the great Egyptian pyramids.


The cymatic 3D inscription ( sound vibration conversion to visual patterns ) of OM in pure water is the ancient vedic Sri Yantra.  It abundantly shows that microscopic forces that define the structure of water is not fully known 



Fibonacci series ( from Bejaya Algeria where he read a translated copy ) was lifted from the work of the great Indian mathematician Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru. 


The golden ratio is lifted by an Italian Fibonacci , from the mystic Vaastu geometry of Sri Yantra of Indian Vedic times 10,000 years ago.   Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs.  


He stole this knowledge and patented it for himself in Italy.  Same way Isaac Newton stole Calculus from Parameshwaran of Kerala.





Fibonacci series was lifted from the written work of the great Indian mathematician Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru.  


Later Indian mathematician Virahanka's work was translated into Arabic in 600 AD.


Fibonacci series or sequence : 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233, 377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, ... (each number is the sum of the previous two).




The ratio of successive pairs is so-called golden section - 1.618033989 . . . . .







Fibonacci was the first to introduce the Hindu-Arabic number system into Europe- the system we now use today- based on ten digits with its decimal point and a symbol for zero: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. and 0





Italian thief Fibonacci's state is at Pisa.  I do hope nobody wants to argue that Fibonacci is older than the Sri Yantra, and that the Vedic Sri Yantra maker stole from Fibonacci. 


The picture below shows "yours truly" trying to push the tower, when I was a young boy.






Play the video abovefor a nice brain massage-- ensure you put on headphones.


Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz


Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz
 
 

Om Shreem Hreem Shreem Kamale Kamalaleyi Praseed Praseed Om Shreem Hreem Shreem Mahalaxmiyei Namaha 
Rough translation:
Underlying Vibration of all creation, abundance please, cherishing your lotus feet, be pleased Great Laxmi Goddess, I bow to You. 
27 Repetitions (Repeat 4 times for 108 rounds = 1 mala = 40 minutes)
108 is the numerical equivalent of OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  In Samudra Manthan 54 devas and asuras had churned for the amrit or holy nectar. All mantras are repeated 108 times. All prayer beads count up to 108. There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses. 12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108. Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth.  The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun. Ayurveda and Kalari talks about 108 marmas.  Shiva, Ganesha and Krishna has 108 names. Buddhists and Japanese welcome new year with 108 chimes.The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons ) . The rest are too short lived.

Morning is the best time to chant, especially after bathing. But in the evening before dinner, or 3 hours after dinner is ok too. Once you learn it by heart, just practice on a mala, especially a lotus seed one, and it will take around 30+/- minutes to do 1 mala a day.

If you recite this mantra daily 108 times worries, trouble will go away.


"Look into the center of the Yantra, trying to blink as rarely as possible; you don't want to look at the particular details of the Yantra, just keep your sight right in the center and observe the whole Yantra at once.

"In time, after at least seven days of Yantra meditation you will be able to tap into the same yantric energy even without a Yantra (at the beginning you may fix your sight on an exterior or imaginary point or evoke the Yantra with your eyes closed).

"In superior phases the Yantra absorbs the practitioner's complete attention, and he can no longer tell if the Yantra is within himself or if he is within the Yantra; this is the state of non-duality."

Geometric element meanings:
Circle = Energy of the element water
Square = Energy of the element earth
Triangle = Energy of the element fire
Diagonal lines = Energy of the element air
Horizontal line = Energy of the element water
Vertical line = Energy of the element fire
Point = Energy of the element ether.
The lotus flower  represent chakras, with each petal representing a psychic propensity (or vritti) associated with that chakra
A dot, or bindu, represents the starting point of big bang singulraity -- creation or the infinite, unexpressed cosmos.





The satkona (Sanskrit name for the Dravidian 6 point star symbol identical to water crystal -- the 6 point star of David) composed of a balance between:





An upwards triangle denoting action (or service), extroversion, masculinity or Shiva
A downwards trianle denoting introversion, meditativeness, goddess energy or Shakti
All those who think Vedic mysticism is bullshit, read further.  

On Dec 21st 2012  the plane of our Solar System will line up exactly with the plane of our Galaxy, the Milky Way. This precession cycle has taken 25765 years to complete .  

Each body cells’ DNA is a transceiver for information.  Our DNA is being "upgraded" to 12 strand. A new light body is being created. We are becoming more intuitive. We are going beyond technology and back to the natural cycles of nature and the Universe.


    
Neutrinos are scalar waves moving faster than the speed of light. This is known in Vedas 7000 years ago, and I had blogged several times about this 2 years ago —but discovered by the Western scientists using the Swiss Hadron Collider just 4 months ago .

Punch into Google search VEDIC QUANTUM INTENTION EXPERIMENT- VADAKAYIL-- to read this post about faster than light neutrinos OR -- PROUD TO BE INDIAN ,PROUD TO BE HINDU-VADAKAYIL (for the formula E=tMC2 )




When moving at the speed of light they are photons but when a neutrino is slowed to below the speed of light it simply becomes an electron. Neutrinos can oscillate between e- and e+. Fusion involves e-, and a lightning flash involves e+.  



Energy in a vortex acts as a frequency converter. Zero Point Energy is neutrino power - energy from the field; available at anytime, and everywhere present.

To show the place of neutrinos in conventional science, establishes Nikola Tesla, the "father of free energy" as also the discoverer of the neutrino.  He was given this ancient 9000 year old Vedic information by the great Indian mystic Swami Vivekananda.



Neutrinos are the most penetrating of subatomic particles .They do not cause ionization, because they are not electrically charged. Trillions of Neutrinos pass through every human being in every second, yet we are completely unaware of them.



Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the Indian Sri Yantra based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 8000 BC --see video below.
*******************************************************************************
STOP THIS BIGG BOSS 5 NONSENSE- PORN STAR SUNNY LEONE AND HER SUGAR DADDY - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


WE DONT WANT PORN STAR SUNNY LEONE ON FAMILY TV AND MOVIES.

A porn star from Canada who is Punjabi, has come to a family show Big Boss show season 5.

To me she appears to be gullible, slow on the uptake, of poor IQ , with white skin having blue veins, and reasonably pretty with typical Punjabi "paratha phado heavy set body" .



Her front teeth juts outwards at a slight angle considering the French jobs she does in the porn profession. Young children who keep sucking their thumbs has to put teeth braces, later in life.

She has taken pains to portray herself as THE babe in the woods, struggling among the wolves -- and the naive in India have swallowed her smart act-- hook , line and sinker.  

Since she is not fluent in Hindi she deliberately speaks like a baby girl-- and touched the chord of the naive Indian masses. 

But in English she drives a hard bargain, and knows what she wants. 

 And she got what she wanted -- she got noticed by a SUGAR DADDY. And a break into Bollywood.



Pretty soon this porn star , Sunny Leone gets millions of hits on the Indian segment of the Internet. 

Indian children go to school and say that they have watched her XXX videos.  

Now even young UNDERAGE girls and house wives start watching all this crap. We will soon have a generation of Savita Bhabhis.

Now, I am NOT a squeamish guy -- I am a hard core sailor of 4 decades. I have seen Saint Pauli and Reeperbahn before the AIDS era-- when the rest of India were fantasizing and jackin' off on Debonair.. 

But I am a proud Indian and proud of Indian culture.

"Sugar Daddy" Mahesh Bhatt goes on Big Boss 5 and displays his hypocrisy-. 

Blah Blah-- how impressed he is with Sunny's independence, her inner strength and inner beauty --

BLAH BLAH

Hey, Bhatt daddy, what about the moolah you will make at the expense of Indian culture -- the whole world is jealous of our honourable Indian family values.

His delusional mind comes up with a Einstein like theory " In the sex business , we have more of audiences and less of demonstrators!"

So what?

If young boys play violent X box games , are they expected to be violent too?

Or may be you are the morbid type who contents " because you shit you must have shit on toast too!"

Suddenly i was reminded of a TV scene very long ago-- 

Anchor Simi Garewal, ( of Siddhartha fried eggs tits fame ) rounds up the worst characters to talk about Indian culture and women ( Rekha, Mahesh Bhatt etc ), and asks Mahesh Bhatt what he would do if he caught his woman cheating.

Our man Bhatt knee jerks " I would hack her to death!"

Next day there was a uproar in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha-- and Simi baby's TV show came to a grinding halt. 

Sugar Daddy Mahesh Bhatt does NOT care about Indian culture. He just wants TRP .


Long ago I saw my elder son watching some Kaloo family US programme, on TV where the daughter would insult the father , the son would be sarcastic with the mother, the wife would abuse and belittle  her husband -all for the sake of CANNED LAUGHTER.

I told my son " Son, we are Indians. This ugly display of "biting sarcasm" at home , is NOT part of the Indian culture. This TV programme is for canned laughter, to prod the dumbos when to laugh . You are supposed to know when to laugh along, while  actually your culture and values  would make you sick in the pit of your stomach. Make sure you dont reflect what you see in your dealings with me , your mother or your brother . Indian culture is about love and sacrifice within the family ".

My son did not see this bullshit serial after this advise. I am blessed to have such obedient and respectful children with terrific family values.

Digression: This is a true story.

Once in Australia, I was entertaining some white gentlemen in my cabin. The topic came to cremation and burial. One of them ( the agent ) told me that his friend wanted to be cremated , NOT buried. He wanted his ashed to be scattered in the deep ocean. So after his death his ashes were given to a Australian captain to do the honours at sea. Now this Captain took the ashes and flushed it into his shit pot bowl at sea. So all the ashes went to the ships smelly sewage plant , instead of the blue ocean waters. As if on cue all the white Christian men out there literally fell on the floor laughing, with tears of joy in their eyes. 

Only the agent and me looked at each other and kept quiet. Later he apologised to me, stating that all those guys were UNCULTURED.  Most Australians  have criminal DNA.

Couple of years ago, I say a TV channel blatantly talking about  SAVITHA BHABHI DOT COM.  The anchors of HEADLINES TODAY were praising bold and beautiful Savitha Bhabhi to the skies. How Indian women should take a leaf out of her book and be independent and do what they please. 



Out of curiosity I check out this cartoon strip site and noticed that it was obscene and foul XXX stuff. 

How a married Sati Savitry Indian woman would fornicate every where and with everybody. Orgies all over the place.  She would open her legs even for the vendors who sell stuff at the door step. 

The Indian Govt kept quiet till one day a small boy sent a Savitha Bhabhi clip to his teacher, via his mobile phone, on whom he has a crush. The teacher started crying and other teachers complained. 

And then there was a furore in the Parliament.

Savitha Bhabhi dot com shut down and now they operate clandestinely as Kirtu dot com.

Big Boss has managed to get all aspiring heroes and heroines in the show-- a frustrated lot . You should have seen the way all of the inmates were tripping over each other to catch Bhatt daddy's feet and eye.

And Bhatt daddy, plays to the galley- he pans their "unsmiling faces" like how his directorial camera would pan it -- an instant audition --

YIKES!

He slaps around Sky's theda face --and this aggressive man allows it-- hoping that the slaps will get him a role in a Bhatt camp movie. 

Bhatt proves that he is GOD in the midst of all aspiring wanna be-s'. 

What a vain man!

Our Sky man ( Akaash Deep ) with a slanted grotesque face, ( but with a good body ),  was the only soul who recognised this porn star when she came into the show.  Gives away for sure , his "porn surfing hours" on the Internet. Sky-man cracks sour jokes and then guffaws at his own jokes like what a stupid donkey does when it sees fresh shit. He thinks he is tough-- looks like he has never fought with any real man. You dont fight with words like women.

All were very much impressed with Sunny's clumsy act on the pole -- actually it was pathetic, having seen so may of them at every neck of the woods.

You wanna see kick ass performance--- see video below-- Salma Hayek , wide hipbones-- real figure, real steam! You wont even breathe-- no need for gori chamdi--






He now acts as her big brother cum whatever in his wet dreams (mann  ka tamanna ). Our man thinks Sunny Leone is in love with him--she is just grateful , ok .  Has he not jacked the other two more attractive men and killed male competition in the house , from Amar and Sid ,  by shouting out aloud, how he saved Sunny Leone from nomination ?

IAAF must ask I&B ministry to evict Sunny Leone from the Big Boss 5 set, and send her back to Canada , if she plans on invading the minds of the young Indians. 

Young minds are like clay. Already young girls scream SPARE ME to boys and teachers in schools.

Colors channel must be censured and fined for showing malicious material on a family program licenced channel -- in their effort to beat the TRP score of Kaun Banega Karodpathi .

There are millions of Indian women in poverty prettier than this material woman Sunny Leone from inside and outside , who would rather remain poor than SELL THEIR BODIES AND SOULS.

Sunny has come well prepared with all cliche punch lines-- a scheming tickin' brain :--

 " Porn star is NOT prostitute!"--  Oh yeah? A lady who sells her body for money is a prostitute-- we all know that. Why do you want to run down prostitutes, most of whom as so poor that they do it to make their family survive, or to support an aged mother in hospital -- unlike you, whose Malhotra parents were well to do. So a poor prostitute charges only 50 dollars for a shot , while you will charge 50000 dollars, right? And Sunny baby, none of these prostitutes do the extremely perverted and bestial things you do on camera like "analingus of people who use toilet paper "--among others 

" Dont judge a book by the cover " --sorry baby, we have seen the book inside out first-- now you are showing us the FAKE cover. Is this why you play to the cameras to show that your are an innocent kid at heart-- the "inner child" bullshit ?

" I was brought up with Indian values . I was taught to be a good person ! " --is that why you started petting at the age of 11 and lost your viginity so early, and had sex with hundreds ?

" My father said , whatever you do , do it well!"  Is that why you do men and women together for money ? And you are doin' it well , if Wikipedia is right in saying that you have silicon in your tits.

Her portrayal of herself as a COY porn star does not cut ice . Pooja Mishra would have said SPARE ME!

UGLY FROM INSIDE WOMAN, SUNNY LEONE,  


YOU ARE NOT WELCOME ON INDIAN FAMILY TV !  

YOU " PROUD TO BE PORN STAR " BABE, YOU AINT NO ICON!  

SO STOP THIS CHARADE OF BEING PRINCESS DIANA AND GENTEEL EMILY POST ROLLED INTO ONE.


IF YOU ARE SO PROUD, WHY DONT YOUR CONTINUE DOING WHAT YOU DO BEST? THERE IS NO RESPECT THERE RIGHT ?

All those who are upset with my statement , please send your daughters, sisters and wives into the porn industry!




Above: Sugar daddy , Mahesh Bhatt used every opportunity to touch wannabe superstar Sunny. 

This is from a man who has seen almost every nook and corner of this planet. 

The whole world ADMIRES our Indian family values. And here we are running after nonsense western values. 

Long ago my ship was at Antofagasta Chile. The young agent was a big friend of mine.  He said " One day I went to see my mother in a far away village.  We had NOT seen each other for more than a year. She was watching a Hindi Bollywood movie , and I had to wait for two hours even before she would look at me . You Indians have excellent family values, where you respect the aged parents "

The same Colors channel show Balika Vadhu-- which shows the Indian family values fibre-- the warp and the weft. This is what we are , and what others all over the world admire.

I was once working in the "owners cabin", doing an ISM Audit with a White European auditor. This process takes 8 hours.  

My two sons aged 9 and 2 would come running from the Captains cabin every 30 minutes , give me a kiss and run back happily. 

After some time the Auditor tells me " Captain , I feel so jealous of you. You have such happy and grateful children.  I also have two children of this age, and I know how unhappy they are despite all material comforts and how SHABBILY they treat me!".
*******************************************************************************
KOLAVERI DI AND SANTOSH PANDIT , TO HELL WITH THE ESTABLISHMENT -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
IT IS A CRAZY WORLD, WHEN IT COMES TO RUNNING DOWN BIG BROTHER AND HIS ESTABLISHMENT.


Few days ago, while I was driving KOLAVERI DI song came on FM Radio. After the song was over my wife asked me if I liked it.

I replied " Well i would call it simple and mast. Apparently it is a song sung by a inebriated young man, about his love who kicked him in the teeth".

My wife said " This is the most viral song on the Internet!  Even MTV had played a Tamil song for the first time"

So I checked it out. Yes-- this laid back song was sung by Dhanush , the son-in-law of mega star Rajnikanth and the music by provided by his nephew Anirudh Ravishanker.

I found out that SOUP BOY is a guy who failed in love.



See the video below.




This is what the planetary precession shift of 21st Dec 2012 is all about.  Our DNA wants to challenge the establishment--nay --cock a snook at it. People don't want stereotyping and duplicates.

Why was the song a hit?--   ala MACARENA?

Again unknown to Tamilians , it is about their DNA programming. The beat of the song is the timeless 5000 year old KAVADI temple festival beat. Sometimes you see Renga coming to IPL cricket matches and sounding this beat.




We in Kerala had a singer by the name of Jassi Gift who broke the shackles of the establishment in Malayalam music, and came in like a breath of fresh air. 

You cant be a success in Malayalam music unless you are proficient in classical music. If you see the Malayalam singing contests , the judges bisect and dissect every syllable, every raga, every tone, every scale . 

So singers like Jesudas held monopoly for long. The established singers tried to kick down unestablished singers by pointing deadly unpardonable faults is their SA and PAs'.

KOLAVERI DI IS NOTHING WHEN COMPARED TO SPECTACULAR SUPERHIT LAJJAWATI

See this video LAJJAWATIYE, which broke the shackles of big brother.





And now we have the MALLU PHENOMENON Santosh Pandit from Calicut my hometown. Pandit is the most Googled word around--even more than Kolaveri.

He made a Malayalam film in which he does everything. He wrote the story, he acts, directs, sings. creates music-, edits-- he does everything himself-- IN A MOST DELIBERATELY SHODDY MANNER.

He is the LINKIN PARK who sings hate songs and makes the audience hate him enough to love him?

Does it make sense?

Yes it does for the cinema halls are full --all with young men. Women are afraid to go to the theatre , as the audience cheers and claps and whistles throughout the movie. The movie is NONSENSE, and some guys wear motorcycle helmets to avoid being seen watching this crap.

Santosh will even put the camera out of focus or off target to piss you off.  Suddenly you will see the grass and ants instead of the actor. 

And the people love him.



3.1 hours of unadulterated madness and crazed cheering from die hard fans- - better to do so than squirm in your seats, right?

You must understand that Kerala movie going public is generally more intelligent than the rest of India. That is why when the whole of India burns with race and religions riots nothing happens here.

His dialogues are ridiculous.  He takes Plain Jane heroines. 

He sold his house to make his first movie. And the movie is low budget. His whole effort is to piss off the audience. 

And hence he is targeted on face book and twitter. But his audience who fills up the theatres love him. Since the advent of DVDs' cinema halls are rarely houseful.

HIS CYNICAL FANS JEER HIM TO SUCCESS.

Like how Linkin Park fans love the band. I remember while driving long distance, my younger son wants to listen to Linkin Park-- and driving becomes a real ordeal. But he loves the band.

Here in the video below, the young intelligent college crowd, gives RAVE reviews after a cinema show.



And see the below video where Santosh Pandit writes , creates music and sings ( like shit!) for his next movie , which is bound to piss off everybody. 

He cant sing for nuts-- but his audience loves him!




Was is NOT a smart bird who tweeted NOTHING SUCCEEDS LIKE SUCCESS? Well Pandit is rakin' in the moolah.

His movies are NOT like the ANDHERI RAAT MEIN DIYA TERI HAATH MEIN type Dada Kondke double meaning vulgar dialogues.

His movies are crazy!


The story line goes like this.  John (Pandit) is making hazaar money by designing flex boards. He has also directed an album and the heroine of the album is head over heels in love with him. But he has already given his heart to Radha. But the problem is that she belongs to another caste. So the two gets married, walks out of their homes and starts living in a rented house.  He is known as Krishnan to the lady who owns the house. Now sprinkle in generous loads of corny romance, equally corny songs, ridiculous dances,  mushy melodrama,  confusions galore, funny fights,  seedy rape,  floods of tears- which make you laugh ,  smart ass social messages, hilarious dialogues, mallu sentiments… you name it , you get it—by the bushels --nay-- truck loads

Santosh Pandits fashion sense if 4 decades old, with large flap collars.  

Santosh declares cockily in an interview “ My film has "eight songs, eight fights!"

There is a saying”When the pain crosses the threshold limit, you start enjoying the pain”. Pandit has self imposed and self conferred super stardom.

Even though the film is said to be ridiculous, techie youngsters insist they will watch the film again, ''just to get their rocks off and have some fun with friends.'' The film features Santhosh, the actor, director, script-writer, editor, music director, lyric writer, editor and playback singer, alongside five heroines!

Sometimes, when you are offered something terribly bad, you can't help but go right back and see how bad it really is.
Let me digress: 
This is a true story caught on video camera by Nat Geographic. There was this cute lil monkey frolicking in the jungle. The playful monkey moves a boulder. Suddenly a huge king cobra stands upright and hisses viciously at the monkey. The poor monkey faints out of sheer fright. 



After two minutes the monkey revives.  The camera pans the face of the monkey, showing that it recollects something. Meanwhile cobra has gone back under the safety of the boulder.  Instead of running away, the monkey goes back and lifts the boulder a second time. The cobra does an encore and our monkey faints and falls all over in a heap again.  



Next time the monkey revives, the guy ( a bit wiser ) -or was it a gal?- runs for her dear life.
How else can you explain this anomaly of such a film is running to packed houses, competing with big budget films and mega star movies , from other languages. This is absolute pandemonium inside the theatre.

The proof of a pudding lies in the eating—every Master Chef knows that. Nobody is gonna eat it if he is gonna puke and choke on it. After eating too many rasgollas , we sometimes crave for a chilly Kondattam.

On his terms, and in his “cock a snook” manner. "Those who want to see my films, can watch them," was his terse comment. "I am not forcing or begging anyone to come to the theater.".

After listening to Yesudas’s painful high tech classical songs, did the ordinary Malayali not welcome Lajjawatiya or Mustafa with open arms.  Has Picasso not succeeded with his grotesque dreadful daubings passed off as art?

People are just amused that Santosh had the guts to sell his house and make a movie in which he handled all 18 departments. Do you have the guts to do this? Well then don’t bitch-- lump Santosh Pandit and his fare!  It is NOT easy to make even your enemies jeer and abuse for 3.1 hours! None of them walked out in a huff— they stayed put, till the curtains came down.

People criticize his unlikeliest hero looks— then how does PUFFY Mohanlal look nowadays. Have not Bollywood movie goers lumped broad assed heroes till Salman Khan brought fitness into Hindi movies. How many of the Kapoor Khandaan ( who cant even walk straight ) or yester year Bollywood actors could wear swimsuits exposing their gargantuan bottoms and tuft titties?  Imagine the lot—the entire Kapoor Khandaan, Ashok Kumar, Rajender Kumar, Sanjeev Kumar, Manoj Kumar, Dilip Kumar – the entire pathetic lot ( leaving out Dharmendra and Mithun ).

In Hollywood movies are we NOT lumping corny Jewish looks as the hall mark of beauty?

Has not Mr.Nobody nay "Alien Superstar" , beaten moth eaten mega heroes with fan clubs who buy entire first week cimema hall seats all over Kerala, ( funded secretly by the heroes themselves ) on their own turf?  

Hate him, but he wont be ignored.

I suspect that he is NOT narcissistic –he just pretends. 



Capt Ajit Vadakayil is one of those non-conformist guys who performs better to a hostile crowd.  No homecrowd advantage works for him.  He just loves to hit 6 consecutive sixes right into the faces of a hostile crowd. ( this does NOT apply to my crew - we have fun )

The more , the merrier. Take that you fu#kin' a$$holes!!  Wanna have some more?

SLURP!  DROOL!!




Santosh, advise— YOU ARE THE TALK OF THE TOWN NOW— BUT-- DO YOU HAVE STAYING POWER?  

You are making films for the most intelligent state of India.

I always tell my junior officers “ It is very easy to secure a good job by chance—but very difficult to hold on to it (unless you are SC/ST in the Govt of India service) ”.
*******************************************************************************
7000 YEAR OLD VEDIC BRAIN WAVE THEORIES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



JESUS CHRIST CAME TO INDIA AND STAYED IN KERALA FOR 3 YEARS TO UNDERSTAND THE MEANING OF CONSCIOUSNESS,  LEARN MEDITATION AND THE POWER OF THE DNA.  HE WENT BACK TO JERUSALEM AND THEN MADE HISTORY. HE TOLD ALL TO UTTER HAREE OM ( REDUCED TO AMEN ) . This is a reading of Edgar Cayce.


The Muslim invaders of India wanted only gold and women. The white Christian invaders stole knowledge and patented our Vedic scientific texts written in 5000 BC for themselves. Then they ridiculed our ancient texts by declaring that these are shepherd's verses. 

Amost all Quantum scientist pioneers knew Sanskrit. It is no wonder why the DANCING SHIVA statue had pride of place at the LHC hadron collider at Cern Switzerland.  Nikola Tesla used Sanskrit works like Akasha for Ether/ ZPF.

Here is profound Vedic knowledge about your brain and consciousness. This was at a time when the rest of the world could NOT think beyond eating, shitting, fornicating and sleeping.

Since life began, the Earth has been surrounding and protecting all living things with a natural frequency pulsation of 7.83 HZ—the ancient Indian Rishis called OM.

Mankind depends on two subtle environmental signals, the Yin from below and the Yang from above. The Schumann wave surrounding our planet being YANG and the weaker geomagnetic waves coming from below, from within the planet, being the YIN signal.

In deep meditation, when waves of alpha and theta rhythms cascade across the entire brain, a resonance is possible between the human being and the planet. Energy and information which are embedded in the zero point field or aether field are transferred. The planet communicates with us in this primal language of frequencies.

A living being is a EMF field embedded within the EMF field of the earth. Each cell's DNA as a vibrating transmitter/receiver of information. 7.83 HZ or the ALPHA frequency is the gateway that leads into deeper states of consciousness.

Most people are in an alpha state during the short time immediately before they fall asleep and when the conscious nervous system switches over to the subconscious.

Alpha is also the home of the window frequency known as the Schumann Resonance, which is the resonant frequency of the earth's electromagnetic field. For thousands of years the Schumann Resonance or pulse (heartbeat) of Earth has been 7.83 cycles per second, recently due to military ELF waves from HAARP , GWEN and Woodpecker, this resonance has been slowly rising.

The one sided use of Schumann (YANG) wave simulation without the geomagnetic (YIN) signal caused serious health problems. Modern spacecrafts are said to contain a device which produces a 7.83 Hz pulse with a field generator (Schumann device).




Theta brain frequencies are between 3 Hz to 7 Hz. In this state where your body is almost asleep while your mind is awake , you get focused concentration, lucid visualisation, insightful inspirational thoughts , terrific intuition, recall of emotions, and a feeling of universal oneness--basically engaging at the cellular and DNA level, tapping into the greater intelligence and divinity for the eureka moment

Almost all of you would have been in theta state during a long drive , zoned out-- with your eyes unfocused and car almost on autopilot, whit you not remembering what all happened in the past few kilometers. Yet your receptivity had been high , and you drove safe.

You cannot go into a theta state , if you do NOT have a clear conscience. The guilty without emotional freedom can gate crash into Theta state by using binaural beats . Keep away from mind altering drugs, for easy access to the subconscious mind.

When you meditate your brain goes from Beta 25 Hz to Alpha 12 Hz and then to Theta 7 Hz.


As soon as you wake up in a morning after a good long sleep , you are in the theta state-- dont get up from the bed immediately-- feel it, experience it ! This is the time to forgive people who have wronged you and get rid of emotional excess baggage --or rather to reprogram your DNA. Make a positive affirmation ( from today onwards i will be a winner! ) . Enjoy the simplicity and the power--


Delta is the slowest of all 5 brain frequencies- others being , alpha, beta, theta and gamma . Your brain goes into the delta range of 1 to 3 Hz range during deep non REM dreamless sleep. You also go to this range when you are knocked unconscious in a boxing bout, or if you are given anesthesia in the hospital.

Masters of meditation and the ancient Indian rishis could go into this range easily ( Samadhi ) and still be conscious and aware . During this delta range the brain is at the lowest frequency but at the highest amplitude.

Theta brain waves are associated with " subconscious mind " --while delta is connected with " unconscious mind " Beginners of meditation can go only to alpha and theta. When your brain is in the delta range your body heals itself and produces hormones DHEA (de-hydro-epian-andosterone) and melatonin.

During REM sleep exchange of information takes place between the left lobe and right lobe of the brain. In 9 hours of sleep there will be 6 such REM cycles.




The EEG is not sophisticated enough to measure when you are in the delta range. High DHEA levels due to production by your adrenaline glands means high vitality, energy , immunity and health



The ancient Vedic rishis took Soma , a potent drug stronger than LSD to go into the delta range for terrific intuition . They could tap into " universal knowledge " ( the mind beyond our own or the collective unconscious. 


The Vedic sages has 12 strand nil junk DNA and king sized pineal glands. The Vedic civilisation flourished from 9000 BC to 4000 BC on the banks of the river Saraswati, till the river dried up, due to tectonic shift blocking the glacial mouth at the Himalayas.

 
What kind of action is a simple observation? It is nothing but the act of consciousness , a field of scalar energy. With focused INTENTION it can achieve the extraordinary. It explains the power of prayer.


Consciousness is the macroscopic property of our brains that is caused by a microscopic property of its constituents. The brain is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology.

 Brain is the particle like behavior of our observations. What we call the mind is the wavelike behavior of atomic objects, invisible and unobserved. Mind is an outgrowth of the basic laws of quantum physics together with the actions of the observer, which are the acts of consciousness. 

Feelings and thoughts show the same type of duality as waves and particles. 

Consciousness is created by quantum mechanical phenomenon that takes place in brain cells. This is why a supercomputer cannot recognize a joke or tell the moral of a story like “ Unity is strength” .

We have unlimited access to the radiant field of consciousness which is infinite active universal intelligence. We all have direct and immediate access to the scalar field of consciousness . There is a connection between DNA and consciousness .

The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from the scalar field. Quantum coherence in the micro tubules of every cell is the key to consciousness . This explains the mysterious powers of Reiki.

The greatest discovery of our Earth is its consciousness. A visible attribute of consciousness is an energetic field that governs the shaping of organisms. Morphogenesis is a scientific term to explain this very shaping of tissues, organs, and entire organisms.

Consciousness is the creative force of the entire universe. The entire universe is in fact a single living conscious organism with complete awareness of itself. This is the power of GOD.

The physical brain is destroyed when you die. But your mind which is pure vibrating energy survives. The level of consciousness in you depends on the amount of energy it is capable of storing. All atoms in the entire universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms. There is a consciousness in every molecule of matter.

Most people never raise their consciousness much above that of the animal and the spark of divinity within them remains dormant the whole of their lives. Animals express consciousness through instinct. Self awareness or reflective thought is the difference between animals and humans.


We see incredible order and harmony and pattern which no accident can produce. The material universe is the result of an image projected by the creative power. Each mineral is crystallised according to a definite design or image. The image of the human being is contained within the microscopic DNA strands of the fertilised egg in the womb.

Some kind of intelligent force ( consciousness ) must have started with an image or blueprint which ultimately manifested itself as a particular form. Consciousness is a form of electromagnetic energy which with focused thought and intent can achieve extraordinary things.

"After the conversations about Indian philosophy, some of the ideas of Quantum Physics that had seemed so crazy suddenly made much more sense." - W. Heisenberg (German Physicist, 1901-1976)
*******************************************************************************
ANNA HAZARE , STOP MISUSING MAHATMA GANDHI'S NAME- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



PEOPLE RUNNING FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs ARE NOT PART OF CIVIL SOCIETY--  JAN LOKPAL OF ANNA HAZARE WANTS FOREIGN FUNDED NGOSs OUTSIDE BILL PURVIEW -   FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs AND KIDNEY TRANSPLANT TOURISM  -  


Well folks, Anna Hazare has promised to fast again-- so what else is new--  

Anna Hazare , could you do us a favour.  Be yourself . PLEASE STOP USING MAHATMA GANDHI.

Do you know that Gandhiji never declared an enemy first and then fasted to SCREW him royally ? 

You have lost the right , the moment you said knee jerk " Ek he maara?" The whole nation saw it, though your spin doctors tried their level best to convince all that you where so pained, and wanted to know if only one man slapped --and then you were so relieved , when you heard it was just one slap.  We are touched , like Madonna!

STOP LYING! 

Only then you can represent India's masses. 

Next time you fast, do us a favour--it will be ridiculous to go to Rajghat and sit on the lawn pretending to meditate with a giant photo of Gandhiji behind you.

OK, so you will fast to get your Janlok pal bill passed. Actually all Indians know the level of your IQ, and your knowledge of real politik.  

We all know that you have no idea what the Indian constitution is or anything for the matter , unless you have Arvind Kejriwal bailing you out. 

So I suggest you wear a T shirt --

I AM KEJRIWAL



This would be more appropriate.






Nowadays where ever AnnaJI goes to give his ridiculous speeches--he takes along his RUDALIS - IN - REVERSE -- to clap and whistle in appreciation.  The foreign funded TV cameras make sure only the cheer-on sound bytes are transmitted -- not the visuals of this small mercenary bunch.




CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS?  

ROTHSCHILD ( FORMER JEWISH OWNERS OF BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY ) OWNED WASHINGTON POST SUBSIDARY "FOREIGN POLICY" MAGAZINE BESTOWED ON (THIS 7TH STANDARD FAILED EX-TRUCK DRIVER) , ANNA HAZARE , AN AWARD FOR BEING ONE AMONG THE TOP 100 GLOBALTHINKERS OF 2011 ! 

--and this simpleton half-wit cannot think clearly for nuts!!!



AnnaJI, I am one of those sick and tired of corruption, and you had my support-till I saw the REAL YOU.

You have just been granted permission to be the Ayatollah against corruption by your die hard supporters. Stick to " anti corruption matters ". Don't ever try to start talking about about matters , for which you don't have a mandate --for example Kashmir or FDI in retail or whatever.. 

Suggest you don't exceed your brief, and get your FOREIGN FUNDED NGO stooges in line. 

Do you have the guts to fast again and do another Ramlila without TV cameras creating hype for you. The average Indian just loves to be photographed for a good cause. He has this quirk in his DNA. If you tell somebody to donate into a box , an Indian will refuse to do so. But the same quintessential Indian will donate more than he can afford if he can come on TV,or his picture can come on the newspaper. 

Cameras and publicity makes men out of mice -or vice versa. This is why on my ship , when there is a dire emergency my first order is " NO CAMERAS !". We  can ill afford people playing to the gallery and trying to be heroes--when lives are at stake .

Just see how Times Now on TV and Times of India group have reduced themselves. This channel belongs to the TOI group which has Reuters in partnership. We all know the Zionist Jew money funding this channel. 

The same Rothschild funds went to Arvind Kerjiwal, Kiran Bedi and Sisodia, who won Magsaysay awards. Ford foundation and Rockefeller foundation is just Rothschild money.

By the way Rothschild ruled India in the guise of British East India Company. These original German Jews were Opium drug runners. They grew opium in India and sold in China. The filthy rich Tata and helluva lot of filthy rich Parsis , Birla and JK houses were their agents . Sassoon was Rothschild bloodline.

Now just see how foreign funded TIMES NOW did hype. Now remember, there are the same guys who will charge in lakhs for a few seconds in case you want to put an Ad. But they have 13 days of 24 X 7 coverage all free.


Do you want to recall some of the horrible hype?-- what bullshit!!


A million mutinies erupt across India

Anna held, people hurt;

Intellectuals draw parallels with Emergency, JP movement

The Indian protester rediscovers Gandhigiri;

Annacalypse Now! Angry India on the streets;

92% say govt’s handling of Anna is undemocratic ( does not say 12 people or 12 lakhs were polled )

Global bank VP on ‘fasting leave’ from Hong Kong

India Inc backs Anna

9 months to arrest Suresh Kalmadi, 3 mins for Anna

Civil society frustrated at lack of government action

Brand Anna is a rage: youth wear him on T-shirts;

            Protesters rename Chhatrasal stadium after Anna 

            On fourth day of fast, 74-year-old outsprints cops;( how come Usian Bolt cant do that?) 

            Protest tourism: why Anna catches their (foreigners’) fancy;

           ‘Parliament isn’t supreme, public is’ 

35% drop in crime during Hazare’s fast;

Over one million join TOI anti-graft drive;

Crowding glory—over one lakh throng Ramlila ground;(  Madame Mayawati holds bigger rallies without cameras )

Aam admi thinks bill is cure-all; 

Anna proves the power of the big idea: management gurus 

22 newborns in MP named after Anna

Unsung soldiers: they sacrifice daily bread for Anna; 

Maidan doesn’t sleep, volunteers up at dawn;

Braveheart Hazare baffles doctors ( after 13 days of fasting he looked better than Usain Bolt )

Judge follows his conscience, speaks out for Jan Lokpal bill; 3) Destination Ramlila maidan: get a free auto ride;

Aamir Khan is brain behind picketing MPs; ( Oh boy, we are touched!)

542 VIPs are making a fool of 120 crore people’

5,000 cops to fortify PM, but Anna army sneaks past posts

Fast hits country’s financial health—reforms put off because of Anna stir, may take a toll on growth; 

Anna wins it for the people—To break fast at 10 am today as Parliament bows to Hazare’s khwahish and PM sends letter.

Anna sets House in order 

Don’t mess with the middle-class

Can’t trust govt, have to keep watch: Prashant Bhushan;

‘Battle is won, war has just begun’;

‘This victory is our second freedom’;

Anna among top brands online



Well Arnab Goswami and party, at their best-- so objective-- attaboys! 

Arnab, advice-- are you sure your patron Mrs Jain likes what you are doing? --be careful!

And AnnaJI, you said "Lakhon log sadak par aya!"-- Next time could you stop giving them free T shirts and Khaana and soft drinks?  Even Mayawati ( who hold much larger rallies ), does NOT give T shirts and TV camera space.

The Govt is just being kind to you. As per our laws anybody attempting to commit suicide is booked under an IPC section. Of course we all understand all this is a big sham. Next time will you allow somebody to monitor and taste what you drink in the dozens of glasses of fluid you consume on stage?

We have to rewrite medical science otherwise. An out of shape 74 year old man , fasts 13 days and looks fresh . Of course we have heard your boast " Yeh kuch nahi hai. Ek baar maine 23 days fast kiya tha!" I wonder if Mahatma Gandhi ever made such boasts. 

And then we all remember how you ran to an expensive PRIVATE hospital for a  checkup. Gandhiji never did that. 

Gandhiji needed no cameras and TOI group hype. Arnab Goswami shouted through the froth in his mouth--Millions of people are on the streets . Well Arnab, in my hometown Calicut NOT A SINGLE SOUL came on the streets. Why don't you check the Kerala newspapers?

Corruption must be handled at the root. A police havaldar is nagged by his wife as her chappal broke and she hates to be seen barefoot on the street. What is this poor man supposed to do?

Annaji stop worrying too much about the middle class. There are poor tribals to whom it hardly matters who runs the parliament. He hardly cares about Janlokpal or Lokpal. 

By the way, next time please tell Arvind Kerjriwal and Kiran Bedi to coach all the Ramlila crowd about Janlokpal bill , over which you are fretting about.  Last time 99.9%  had no blessed idea what they are campaigning for.  Everybody knows :" CORRUPSSAN ACHHA NAAHI HAI" exactly like you. 

We all love the way you pretend to read English language sheets when the cameras are pointed at you. Gandhiji , a learned and wise man never had to pretend to take maun vrat in uncomfortable situations. Gandhiji was not an ignorant army ex-truck driver cum low flying messiah. 

We wonder if you can at least explain how a 4 stroke engine works--just to see if you belong to the curious cerebral category.

This is no yellow journalism--there are thousands like me totally distressed about the way India is moving. The whole world is jealous of India. I am a sailor of 4 decades --

I don't need newspapers to find out what foreigners think of resurgent India-- the first civilization of the world-- the richest and most advanced civilization on the planet till the Muslims invaders and Christian invaders came in .

In your village Ralegaon Siddhi, we all know how much money has been spent, to make it a model village. Any other village in India will also be the same if the same amount of money is spent.

We don't get impressed by the fact that you stay in a small room in a small temple. You are just what you are. You are no princess Diana who chose this small room kicking away a palace and luxurious life. 

Yes you are the Aurangzeb nay Ayatollah of this village, we all know that.  We all know you are unmarried. 

We all know you are no ADONIS who has rejected all girls  dying to marry him. 

Do NOT translate " whipping on stake " sessions  outside your model village. I would allow my younger son to go out on a date , or I will encourage my elder son to have a beer , when he feels he needs to celebrate with his friends.



So according to your core team , all those you got Magsaysay awards are great guys right? And all those you got Nobel prize gets automatic entry, right?  Easy entry for Amartya Sen ( whose wife is Rothschild ) and who wants Adam Smith model in India, right?

By the way AnnaJI who is this Adam Smith , pray? any idea?  prithee --  Is he the same guy who would like UNelected people to kick out elected people's representatives.


AnnaJI will be the super-Ayatollah of a undemocratically elected institution , a Indian version of a The  Bilderberg Group, which will behind closed doors collude to control the political, financial, social, and environmental elements of India and Indian lives. Not a single member of this group is considered by Indians as absolutely incorruptible,  like an Abdul Kalam or an Antony.
Only a simpleton like AnnaJI can believe that a unelected person will be given unlimted powers with NIL accountability.


And Arvind Kerjiwal says on TV--people are above parliament--all 1300 million of them? So 1300 million people must approve everything what parliament does, right? 

If any TV journalist asks him any inconvenient question Anna will hold his hair and say " You think this hair has become white just like that. It has become white due to sheer experience!!"

We are touched AnnaJI -- below is your WHOLE experience factor-- truck driving-- clutch --brake -- 




And Kejriwal has tutored Anna on TV ethics.  Any question this simpleton cannot comprehend, or is a hot potato , he will say " This question, I wont answer! " 

Wont or you cant? --without your tutor around you?




What gives just Anna Hazare to dictate terms as a Ayatollah over elected MPs in parliament ? You core team is already stinking with charges against them.

Senior Bhushan --with his "heart of plant" where he got kicked by the judiciary for trying to get IT refund, saying his heart is a plant, in a rogue manner .


Junior Bhushan -- who uttered the K word--so now his body language is of a cat who has fallen in hot water, and is now circumspect with cold water too.. 

QUOTE-- "The government is planning to build nuclear power plants in Jaitapur and other places for generation of power at a cost of thousands of lakhs of rupees. Why this is happening? Why can''t we generate power through thermal plants?" UNQUOTE--  Prashant Bhushan .
Who asked you to speak like this, Prashant JI ?   Your foreign masters?  Shall we give away all our nuclear bombs to your foreign masters too , and keep thermal bombs and molotov cocktails for the army Jawans ?



Kiran Bedi-- she is really thick skinned-- the least you talk about her the better-- so self righteous -- she thinks we all are Tihar prisoners to whom she can say " Doodh abhi piyo! Abhi haat dhoke aaao!"- she is in her own chakaravyuh. 



Above self righteous Bedi LECTURES to Delhi Police to revolt against lawful orders-- She is the one who grabbed credit as CRANE Bedi for dragging away Indira Gandhi's car when she was in USA--while actually it was a male constable who did it.  ( white ambassador DHD1817, changing upholstery at Handa and Co, Yusufzai market, Connaught place Delhi.) She is also known as "LOOPHOLE BEDI" for the slimy way she got admission for her daughter in MBBS, using the Mizoram quota.

Kejriwal-- He is the man who took foreign money for his NGO, while still in government service .



This UNELECTED gruesome foursome are wannabe legislators. They want grade C and D under Lokpal bill and have rabble rousing Jungle Raj and destabilised parliament.  We Indians are damn good in rabble rousing and pulling down elected leaders , right?

"Moral police" to police. And who will police this "corrupt" moral police? pray?.




Foreign forces will bribe their own funded NGOs who will activate flash protests on streets to RECALL a Defence minister who chose a Russian MIG 35 over an America F16.  

Anna and his team are dead against foreign funded NGOs ( like NGOs of Bedi, Sisodia , Kejriwal etc ) coming under the purview of Janlokpal -- why is it so?  What is the catch-- will your foreign masters get angry with you and stop your funds?



Super arrogant Anna Hazare is daring the government to do its worst. Dont over estimate your support base, Annaji. Next time you will remain in Tihar jail.  You are NOT above the law.  Manmohan Singh is a VERY WEAK Prime minister, so you have escaped till now. 

Anna is NOT India . You may be India for your core team and your chelas. We all can see how pleased you are when people come and touch your feet.

Anna , you must realise that Kejriwal and party have used you as a empty vessel. They will fill up up with just enough at the right time on their time table. You yourself know that you are NOT YOUR OWN MAN-- like Mahatma Gandhi, who needed NIL advisors. 

Dont you feel ashamed to have Kejriwal whispering into your ears in public. How long will you put up with this shameful charade? 

People are seeing though all this nonsense.



At the last rally the people who came were those ( like me ) who were tired of corruption. They have NOT come to support your regressive Janlokpal as Kejriwal wants you to believe. We all know your movement is totally corporate house and foreign funded NGO supported. 

We will not allow such parallel oligarchy , where the popular government is hijacked by trojan horse NGOs who use a simpleton of low IQ as a front man.

Quite a percentage of Christian foreign funded NGOs deal with child adoption through back channels. They are on the look out for GOOD LOOKING children. Once the child goes abroad, what happens is anybody's guess.

A lot of rich Western foreigners come to India for medical tourism. They are willing to pay large amounts of money to kidney donors. This is where the Christian missionary NGOs working in remote jungles with tribals come in handy.  

If you go to deep forests you find the scar marks of kidney extracted sutures on the backs of poor tribals , who are scared to talk about this. These scars are also seen in mental hospitals --this is all a big racket with big money and, vicious mercenery goons.




Almost ALL foreign funded NGOs is India are private contractors. Some of them buy handicrafts etc from skilled workers in villages and bring the goods to 5 star city hotels, for the boutiques, to be sold at 50 times more cost . Most of these fancy shops are run by the wives and daughters of rich businessmen and their NGO stooges. 

On the front they are helping the poor artisan in a village. Buy a leather purse for 1 dollar and sell it at Taj Hotelboutique for 150 dollars --with a brass plate of a brand pasted with loctite. 

All foreign funded NGOs are slaves of their foreign masters. Foreign funded NGOs are literally an alternate state-- as they decide who becomes ministers and MPs.


Indian Ambassador in Denmark has reported to the MEA that the newly-elected Minister for Development Cooperation Christian Friis Bach, has voiced plans “to use the Danish official development aid as a tool to generate popular unrest in recipient countries” so that citizens can get their rights by fighting for them via NGOs.

Ann JI  would you like to sit for a simple IQ test and prove yourself---that you can think clearly , and hence is fit to lead a mass movement targeting elected MPs.

Is there anybody in your team as learned , popular and clean as our Defence minister Antony or our ex-president Abdul Kalam ? What are you worth when you compare yourself to even Manmohan Singh?



How does it qualify you to be so arrogant and self righteous--with NIL accountability? 

Your team Kejriwal, Bedi , Bhushans are all from India. Hundreds know them INSIDE OUT. Sorry, we are not in awe of them or of you.

At least you are doing the right thing by putting PRETTY FACE Shazia Ilmi on TV.  She has the added advantage of being level headed and graceful too.



People just cannot tolerate the faces of your gruesome foursome anymore.  Kiran Bedi with her false smiles,waving to small children in the crowd to show to the cameras that she is a crowd darling, --Senior Bhushan with his "I know it all looks" ,-- Junior Bhushan with his irritating nasal twang,-- and Kejriwal's brownie point arrogance dripping with every world.

We need to strengthen existing institutions, and give them independent teeth -- NOT create more institutions , to share the loot.

Do we need to trust this out of shape old man Anna Hazare who keeps telling lies that he does NOT take glucose mixed with electral salts-- not only at Ramlila maidan, but at all his previous fasts. Everybody knows this -- yet he keeps lying.


Wikipedia has done some research-- 
QUOTE A cardiologist from Pune, Abhijit Vaidya – founder of Arogya Sena, a non-governmental agency active in public health, disaster management and social campaigns – claimed that he was informed by the close associates of Anna Hazare during a fast in Ralegan-Siddhi, that he was given glucose and electrolyte solutions during a fast.  Hazare and his associates refused to comment on the allegation UNQUOTE

And who will control this UNELECTED and "publicity craving" growing monster Frankenstein , who keeps saying in a stupid manner " Lakhs of Janata has chosed me!" in a country having millions. 

His core team is filled with frustrated people , each having private agendas.  "Sarkar ka neeyat saaf nahi hai" !--  
OK, AnnaJI  understood-- lekin aapka foreign funded NGO team ( Kejriwal and party ) ka neeyat saaf hai kya?

"Jaan ka parvaah nahi mujhe, desh ke liyee,  mein Jann de doonga!" ( the patronising way a teacher talks to kindergarten kids ) and then Anna looks around for applause -- will Mahatma Gandhi ever talk in such a stupid manner?   The intelligent Indian squirms at this type of mentally challenged self praise , worthy for half wits.


There is an ocean of difference between learned and wise Gandhiji fasting against British invaders and a uneducated old truck driver doing the same using " Gandhi brand " against a popularly elected Government .

Anna Hazare stop fasting for the cameras-- but for the foreign funded channel TV cameras, you would have been just another Irom Sharmila. 

We understand your need to shift from your village Ralegaon Siddhi on to the national stage. The people of your village are now fed up of your arbitrary and unilateral Ayatollah behavior. It is no longer relevant in this age. 

You are too old and naive to understand free choice. We are fed up of your unsolicited proofs of your own patriotism and experience of leadership. Good intentions every one of India's 1300 million have. That does not make all good leaders, who can take this country forward. 

Stop listening to Western propaganda that India is steeped in corruption. 

The corruption is USA is even worse. There Zionist Bankers decide who will be the next President.

Ralegaon is NOT India and India is NOT Anna -even if your core team has brainwashed you into believing that. The current Sarpanch of Ralegaon Jaisingh  is NOT your choice--right? --this is because the youngsters do NOT want one man fascism .You have choked them enough. 

Live and let live. 

Earn your authority, don't assume it just because you can fast and get a crowd eager for some entertainment. 

You supreme arrogance will be your undoing-- humiliation is around the corner-- 

-- be warned. 








The video below does not have any relevance to this post-- just some side splitting  humor! in Parliament! This man is on his RH brain lobe.
*******************************************************************************
SOPA WILL CENSOR INTERNET FOR ZIONIST BIG BROTHER - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


SOPA AND ZIONIST LOBBY IN USA-- INTERNET CENSORSHIP-  IMPRISONMENT FOR TRUTH SPEAKERS-- EVIL STOP ONLINE PIRACY ACT WITH ULTERIOR MOTIVE 


 


Just see the video above.




All in the name of protecting intellectual property rights, the Zionist lobby who controls the US government wants to censor the Internet.



There has been lot of truth exposes about the dirty Zionist deeds during the Second World War. Thousands of conscience stricken white Christian soldiers spilled the beans on their death beds. 




Today the Internet over rides the Jew controlled media, who speaks their version of the truth.



If SOPA is passed by the US government, truth which comes out on the Internet will be buried. 




This bill was introduced in the US house of reps on 26th Oct 2011.


A list of rich and powerful companies mostly owned by Zionist Jews have twisted the US governments arm to pass this SOPA act on Dec 15th 2011. 



DOW who refuses to give compensation to Bhopal victims, Jewish WALMART who wants to get into India along with their holdings NBA and NFL , Ford with Rothschild money ( owners of East India Company who enslaved India ) - are all king pins in this list.


Any copyright holder can give a complaint that you have infringed his intellectual rights, it hardly matters that this is just 100 words out of one billion you have written. 



It hardly matters if they themselves have lifted a para from your blog and inserted it neatly in between the texts of one of their own posts-- as long as this post is  dated older than your post. You will NOT have the means or wherewithal to fight these rich vested powers , who are hell bent in shuting down your SCAM EXPOSING / TRUTH SPILLING blog site.



The search engine will now be obliged to delete your linkage, or face action. Once your domain is blocked nobody can access it.



Now an ordinary man can hardly fight against rampant injustice. 



If the state of Israel wants to delete all so perceived anti-semitic ( read as true ) content, it can now do so at the stroke of a pen.  If you try to say 3 million instead of 6 million Jews killed in WW2 , they know what to do.



It hardly matters if you are telling the ABSOLUTE TRUTH.



Big brother will now have a stranglehold of the Internet. He can send you to jail on false charges. You are too small a fry to defend yourself. 




What Zionist big money bags want, they get. As simple as that.



SOPA will be disastrous to Internet users-- as you can be easily blacklisted. Big brother can block your site. 



This type of DNS filtering is what China and Syria has been doing. 


Anybody writing anything about Palestine which Israel and Zionist Jews do NOT like will now find themselves blocked, without warning or reason- all on false allegations of stealing intellectual property.. 



Bloggers will be the worst hit.  



Somebody will say that you stole their IMAGE to put in your blog--just an allegation.



US Justice Department will now punish and shut down websites, all over the world. They will proactively run down companies that provide support for them, either technically or through payment systems.


The US and the West who have been bad mouthing China for stifling Internet dissent whipped up by secret foreign funded forces, are not only joining China but they are taking censorship even further and attempting to censor the whole world.


Zionists will force ISPs to DNS-block any foreign site, or shut down search engines , which does NOT tell “their type of truth”..


Since the anti-wall street protests the common man has rejected the Zionist Jew owned media and are depending on Internet for the truth. Demonstations in Syria must be projected ,  but demonstrations in USA about corporate greed must be suppressed .


Internet giants like AOL, eBay, Facebook, Google, Twitter and Zynga criticized SOPA by taking out a full-page advertisement in The New York Times. At present, if Facebook, You Tube or other leading websites are found to be illegally hosting copyrighted material they are told to take it down.



However the SOPA Act takes things to the next level and would allow the U.S. Government to block the website entirely.


For example, you could not access Google because it had been blocked for linking your blog post to a Youtube illegal 3 minute mp4 video clip.


These truth seekers of ordinary world citizens are in the millions . These good people are exposing things like, torture, war crimes, political assassinations, media manipulation, government lies and corruption, who controls politicians, the fraudulent nature of the money system, police brutality (and uncensored video evidence to show it), eugenics, cover ups and the blacker intelligence operations. And they are spreading all of this information across the globe in seconds.


For example in Iraq, the US did propaganda that as soon as Saddam Hussain was captured he cried like a coward and offered millions of dollars in cash as bribe. Within a few seconds a TRUTH video came out on internet which showed Saddam Hussain spitting on his US captors, and getting rifle butted on his face and kicked for that. 
And the media reported that just when Saddam was about to hang he broke down in tears . While the truth video on Youtube taken by a mobile phone shows he said calmly in a most dignified manner , seconds before his neck was severed " I hereby bear witness , Allah is our God and Mohammed is his messenger"-- all this in between Shia muslims set up by US forces, trying to finger him ( a Sunni ) in a uncultured unIslamic manner .



When Peter Roebuck died all foreign funded TV channels in India said that he was found dead in his hotel room. Within minutes there was a video showing his remains being scraped off the gravel on the road below his hotel room--he had jumped off the window, when the police came to arrest him for sodomising a boy.



When Mohammad Gaddafi was killed all TV channels said " He was caught hiding in a sewer pipe like a rate and begged in a cowardly manner 'dont shoot'.' dont shoot'!"  While actually he asked his captors , who caught him after his convoy was bombed , the entire scene was taken by a mobile phone video-- " Do you know what is right and what is wrong?"



Just a few Zionist moneybags owning few US companies want to gag and blindfold billions of world citizens. If Walmart or DOW wants to support SOPA , it is not their thousands of employees who want that.


For the Zionists and U.S. powers the truth has become an inconvenience and a dangerous threat to its worldwide "holier than thou image" and power.



SOPA will kill the spirit of the Internet. 


If you care about the Internet create a buzz. Make this issue go viral. 



Tell all your friends and tell them to react on the Internet. 




Only a few days are left. 



And boycott all these SOPA sponsoring big money companies, who want to cripple the Internet to save the Zionist big brother's interests, by fiddling with the inner workings of the Internet.  



The large hearted Internet will NEVER EVER be the same again.. 



This is just the beginning of big brothers rogue acts-- as on the surface fighting piracy appears to be a good thing.  

Blatant blocking of "inconvenient truth telling websites" all in the name of preventing piracy -- such is big brother's agenda.




BE WARNED!



Every book, every movie, every media talks about 6 million Jews killed in WW2--when there were only 3 million Jews in the whole of Europe-- just to create hype , and create a new state of Israel.



In India 90 million Hindus were killed in a most gruesome manner.  Till the internet age arrived , nobody knew this inconvenient truth .  Only white skinned  Christians are humans right ?--  rest are all animals, right ?  Punch into google search UNQUANTIFIED GENOCIDE AND HOLOCAUST- VADAKAYIL. 


Hullo Americans, the onus is now on you, the common tax payer citizens to make sure every one of this SOPA bill's sponsors pays for it with their jobs.  Only you remain to defend the U.S. Constitution .  Your lawmakers appear to be puppets on a string.

Is truth important ?

 


All genuine criticism of Zionism is automatically branded and disqualified as "Anti-Semitism", "Discrimination". All public debate on the political abuse and misuse of "The Holocaust" is branded as "Revisionist Denial", "Antisemitism", "Hate Mongering", etc... This is all tantamount to Intellectual Terrorism.



H.R.3261
Latest Title: Stop Online Piracy Act
Sponsor: Rep Smith, Lamar [TX-21] (introduced 10/26/2011) Cosponsors (27) 
Related Bills:S.968, S.1228
Latest Major Action: 11/16/2011 House committee/subcommittee actions. Status: Committee Hearings Held.
SUMMARY AS OF:
10/26/2011--Introduced.

Stop Online Piracy Act - Authorizes the Attorney General (AG) to seek a court order against a U.S.-directed foreign Internet site committing or facilitating online piracy to require the owner, operator, or domain name registrant, or the site or domain name itself if such persons are unable to be found, to cease and desist further activities constituting specified intellectual property offenses under the federal criminal code including criminal copyright infringement, unauthorized fixation and trafficking of sound recordings or videos of live musical performances, the recording of exhibited motion pictures, or trafficking in counterfeit labels, goods, or services.

Sets forth an additional two-step process that allows an intellectual property right holder harmed by a U.S.-directed site dedicated to infringement, or a site promoted or used for infringement under certain circumstances, to first provide a written notification identifying the site to related payment network providers and Internet advertising services requiring such entities to forward the notification and suspend their services to such an identified site unless the site's owner, operator, or domain name registrant, upon receiving the forwarded notification, provides a counter notification explaining that it is not dedicated to engaging in specified violations. Authorizes the right holder to then commence an action for limited injunctive relief against the owner, operator, or domain name registrant, or against the site or domain name itself if such persons are unable to be found, if: (1) such a counter notification is provided (and, if it is a foreign site, includes consent to U.S. jurisdiction to adjudicate whether the site is dedicated to such violations), or (2) a payment network provider or Internet advertising service fails to suspend its services in the absence of such a counter notification. 
Requires online service providers, Internet search engines, payment network providers, and Internet advertising services, upon receiving a copy of a court order relating to an AG action, to carry out certain preventative measures including withholding services from an infringing site or preventing users located in the United States from accessing the infringing site. Requires payment network providers and Internet advertising services, upon receiving a copy of such an order relating to a right holder's action, to carry out similar preventative measures. 
Provides immunity from liability for service providers, payment network providers, Internet advertising services, advertisers, Internet search engines, domain name registries, or domain name registrars that take actions required by this Act or otherwise voluntarily block access to or end financial affiliation with such sites.

Permits such entities to stop or refuse services to certain sites that endanger public health by distributing prescription medication that is adulterated, misbranded, or without a valid prescription.

Expands the offense of criminal copyright infringement to include public performances of: (1) copyrighted work by digital transmission, and (2) work intended for commercial dissemination by making it available on a computer network. Expands the criminal offenses of trafficking in inherently dangerous goods or services to include: (1) counterfeit drugs; and (2) goods or services falsely identified as meeting military standards or intended for use in a national security, law enforcement, or critical infrastructure application.

Increases the penalties for: (1) specified trade secret offenses intended to benefit a foreign government, instrumentality, or agent; and (2) various other intellectual property offenses as amended by this Act.

Directs the U.S. Sentencing Commission to review, and if appropriate, amend related Federal Sentencing Guidelines.

Requires the Secretary of State and Secretary of Commerce to appoint at least one intellectual property attache to be assigned to the U.S. embassy or diplomatic mission in a country in each geographic region covered by a Department of State regional bureau



The below video gives NAKED TRUTH about the Rothchild Jewish bankers. Opium drug runners Rothschild owned the British East India Company which enslaved India.
*******************************************************************************
DEV ANAND , THE EVER GREEN HERO- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Bollywood actor Dev Anand died at the age of 88 today. 

Here is a fitting tribute .


This is for my foreign readers -- who wonder what India is all about!



Abhee Naa Jaao Chhodakar, Ke Dil Abhee Bharaa Nahee 
Abhee Abhee To Aayee Ho, Bahaar Ban Ke Chhaayee Ho
Hawaa Jaraa Mahak To Le, Najar Jaraa Bahak To Le
Ye Shaam Dhal To Le Jaraa, Ye Dil Sanbhal To Le Jaraa
Mai Thodee Der Jee To Loo, Nashe Ke Ghoont Pee To Loo
Abhee To Kuchh Kahaa Nahee, Abhee To Kuchh Sunaa Naheen .. 
Sitaare Zilameelaa Uthhe, Charaag Zagamagaa Uthhe
Bas Ab Naa Muz Ko Tokanaa, N Badh Ke Raah Rokanaa
Agar Main Ruk Gayee Abhee, To Jaa N Paaoongee Kabhee
Yahee Kahoge Tum Sadaa, Ke Dil Abhee Naheen Bharaa
Jo Khatm Ho Kisee Jagah, Ye Ayesaa Silasilaa Naheen .. 
Adhuree Aans Chhod Ke, Adhuree Pyaas Chhod Ke
Jo Roj Yoon Hee Jaaogee, To Kis Tarah Nibhaaogee
Ke Jindagee Kee Raah Me, Jawaan Dilon Kee Chaah Me
Kaee Makaam Aayenge, Jo Hum Ko Aajamaayenge
Buraa Naa Maano Baat Kaa, Ye Pyaar Hain Gilaa Nahee
Yahee Kahoge Tum Sadaa, Ke Dil Abhee Bharaa Nahee 


You have just arrived
You bring the spring with you
Let the breeze carry your fragrance,
Let my gaze go crazy,
Let this evening age a bit,
Let me soothe my heart,
Let me live full for a  while,
Let me sip the nectar of intoxication ,
Haven’t said anything yet,
Haven’t heard anything yet,
Please don’t leave me yet,
‘cause my heart isn’t isn’t satiated yet,


The girl replies :


The stars have started shining,
The lights have come on,
Enough now,don’t forbid me anymore,
Nor obstruct my path,
If I stay back now,
I shall never be able to go,
‘Cause you will always say,
“My heart is not full yet.”
This is not a matter ,
That will end so easily,

The guy :






Not yet not yet 
The girl:
No No No No..
The guy :
Please don’t leave yet,
‘cause my heart isn’t isn’t satiated yet,



Unquenched yearning, 
Unquenched thirst if you leave 
And continue like this everyday,
How will you, live upto my love?
“Cause in the path of life,
In the passion of young hearts,
Lots of challenges will try us,
Please don’t think other wise,
This is love not a complaint,

The Girl :

‘Cause you will always say,
“My heart is not statiated yet.”
Guy: Yes, My heart is not statiated yet
The girl:
No No No No..




kaanton se khinch ke ye aanchal
After pulling my sari fringe from the thorns

tod ke bandhan baandhe paayal
I broke all the ties and wore my dancing anklets

koi na roko dil ki udaan ko
don't any one stop my soaring heart

dil vo chalaa ha ha haa haa haa haa
Here soars my heart

(aaj phir jine ki tamannaa hai
Today i want to live again

aaj phir marane kaa iraadaa hai) - 2
today I again want to die


apne hi bas main nahin main
I am not in self control

dil hai kahin toh hoon kahin main, o o
My heart is somewhere else and I am elsewhere


jaane kyaa paa ke meri zindagi ne
Don't know what my life found and

hans kar kahaa, ha ha, ha ha, aa a
laughingly said

aaj phir jine 

main huun khumaar (ghubaar) yaa tuufaan huun
Am I drunk or a rebelious storm is rising in me

koi bataae main kahaan huun
Some one tell me, where I am?

dar hai safar men kahin kho na jaauun main
I scared that I may get lost in my travel

rastaa nayaa a a aa aa aa aa
Since the road I am taking is new

aaj phir jine 

kal ke andheron se nikal ke
Escaping from the darkness of yesterday

dekhaa hai aankhen malake malake
I am slowly opening my eyes

phuul hi phuul zindagi bahaar hai
I see flowers everywhere, the life has turned into the spring time

tay kar liyaa a a aa aa aa aa
I have decided------

aaj phir jine
*******************************************************************************
THE FUTURE OF 360 DEGREES 3D ENTERTAINMENT- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

    
My elder son visited Universal Studios in Los Angeles-- and went for the King Kong 3D , 360 degrees ride.


Needless to say with the coach getting thrashed around-- and dinosaur spit splashing on them -- 


--- with added effects of wind and stinking breath -- 


---   they all got terrified, and screamed like lil' girls in pig tails 


--- and shat in their frocks.
*******************************************************************************
HER MAJESTY SONIA'S SIBAL WANTS INTERNET CENSORSHIP-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Yes, the FDI in retail effort of W, to please Zionist Walmart in India got stone walled--thanks to the Indian common man who resisted using the Internet platform.



The Internet has cut the strength of BIG BROTHER who has been cheating the whole world-- ever since Alexander the Great was driven away from India . ( but reported by vested Western interests that he defeated King Porus,  and then out of kindness handed everything back on a platter , to the defeated king ).



We have had two world wars -- today the common man knows who created both these wars , and for what Zionist Jew end -- thanks to the Internet.

Today the common Indian knows that 90 MILLION Hindus were killed by the Muslim and Christian invaders. None of the peer reviewed media wrote about this, who cares for animals, right?






Yes, Kapil Sibal wants to censor Internet for religious harmony.

Why this bu#lsh#t Mr Sibal?

The whole world knows that you have been ordered by W to protect her reputation which is getting tarnished day by day.








A New York Times report on Monday that said Kapil Sibal called executives about six weeks ago and showed them a Facebook page that maligned ruling Congress Party chief Sonia Gandhi and told them it was "unacceptable". 

The government is very sensitive to criticism of the Italian side of Gandhi family. Last year there were moves to block the English translation of a Spanish novel about Sonia Gandhi's life.

"We have to take care of the sensibilities of our people, we have to protect their sensibilities. 

Our cultural ethos is very important to us," Sibal told reporters on Tuesday.  



Really Sibal JI, we all know about Miss Antonia Maino, and who she was before she got married to Rajiv Gandhi.

And we Indians dont care.

We only care of what she did after she got married to Rajiv.

So why this uneasiness?  I dont care what my wife did before she married me!

And these are the images she wants to supress-- this is all over the internet? 




Should you really care? And indeed if you care so much, why dont you go after Dr. Subramanyam Swami , instead of blindfolding and earplugging, the common Indian man?  



What is the agenda?









Since when has pure Italian DNA Sonia Gandhi been part of 11000 year old Indian culture? 

And if something is wrong with her qualifications as required by our Indian constitution, is the common Indian not supposed to know this?




Above --our  yuv-raj!



If it was Narendra Modi or Menaka Gandhi instead of Sonia Gandhi, would you be jumping up and down  - Sibal JI?
It is only the Hindus of India who are expected to be tolerant?

Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi wanted full protection given to painter MF Hussian though he painted several vulgar pictures of Hindu gods. The Hindu men and women who protested against denigration of their gods were called TERRORISTS.

Rahul Gandhi was exposed by Wiki leaks telling US govt that India's main problem is Hindu terrorism. 

According to him RSS who fought for India's freedom is worse than Lashkar E Toiba.

I am putting just three of MF Hussian's obscene paintings down below-- Hindu;s were declared intolerant for protesting. Putting these pictures down to tell the truth is itself a grave provocation as per Kapil Sibal. 

Since when has telling the truth been a provocation, Mr Sibal?




In the painting above by Muslim painter MF Hussian, Lord Shiva is exposing his erect penis through a glory hole. His consorts Parvati ( his wife and mother of Ganesha ) and Ganga ( Ganges river ) are in position 69 after a session of sex . Crows are pecking off whatever is on their bodies. It must be remembered that a poor Indian has only his gods for solace. By the way Shiva lingam is not Shiva's penis or phallus as propagated by Vatican. It is his pineal gland.



In the painting above Shiva who is sometimes portrayed a Shiva' Shakti as in Sri Yantra ( Yin -Yang ) half man -half woman .  Here blue coloured Shiva holding Sudarshan Chakra is servicing Goddess Parvati , while he himself is getting serviced from behind by another god. Lord Ganesha is servicing his mother's bottom. Parvati is giving oral sex to another god. What is all this? Is there no limit to obscenity. 



In the painting above Goddess Sita ( Rama's wife ) , who is the symbol of purity of Indian womanhood, is sitting naked on naked Ravana's lap and happily preening her dishevelled hair after a session of sex.  Lord Rama's scout sent in search of his wife to Sri Lanka , Hanuman is aghast, at this secret adultery session . Could MF Hussain do this to Prophet Mohammed? Yet Congress Govt wanted to give Bhaarat Ratna to Hussian.  Tolerant Hindus who protested were called terrorists!

YET MADAME SONIA GANDHI DID NOT CARE TO ARREST THIS MAN OR EVEN CENSURE HIM.  

Harvard University loves MF Hussian--  but they do not extend such feelings towards Subramanian Swami who has just told the truth.

 

See the video above- This is what Shiva- Shakti or Tamas- Rajas means or Yin Yang means -- MF Hussain  will never understand this profound subject. \

Neither will Sonia Gandhi , yet she wants to rule the Indian mind.


BUT IF A SPANISH BOOK TELLS HER OWN STORY, HELL MUST BREAK LOOSE?

Yet, Satanic verses of Salman Rushdie was banned, for upsetting the Muslim sentiment -- even though nobody read this extremely tedious book.

Yet she is so much worried about freedom of conversion to be granted to Christian missionaries. This was OK in the colonist era. She was very fond of YSR and Ambika Soni-- both Christians in Hindu garb.. 


Today most of India's separatists movements are done by freshly converted tribals who have been given to understand by the Christian missionaries that they are the original inhabitants of India--that Hindus talking Sanskrit are invaders into their country.

In a few years time India , the world's largest democracy will be the largest Internet user. 

BJP MP Varun Gandhi however opposed Sibal's proposal for censorship: "The Internet is the only truly democratic medium free of vested interests, media owners & paid-off journos. Can see why Sibal wants to gag it." 

We Indians are fed up of the rule of Sonia Gandhi , with foreign DNA who cannot understand the feelings of Indians.
Indians are a peaceful and tolerant race and India has never attacked any other country. There are more Muslims in India that the rest of the world put together ( leaving out Indonesia ).
A couple of years back I was watching TV in Saudi Arabia, when a rabid Islamic TV journalist wanted sanctions against India for the Godhra massacre in Gujarat. 

The prince from the royal family cut him short and said " NO! That was a knee jerk retaliation, not a proactive deliberate strike !"
Yet in India , Hindus are alien. They cannot tell the truth about Muslims or Christians.
To be frank the timing of this "Internet censorship" is to force the opposition to protest-- so that UPA Govt can have it written down in the annals of history that Parliament was log-jammed for so many days due to the immature opposition.
The corner stone of Indian democracy is freedom of speech. 

There are bound to be some crack-pots who will use abusive language--does it really matter? Who cares for them?
Computers cannot censor the Internet. As computers are not conscious. They cannot laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story.
This means human beings vetted by HER MAJESTY must act as censors. Please read through my posts in my blog site--how many of these wanna be censors are intelligent enough to understand the wisdom in my posts?


Sonia Gandhi disappeared from India ostensibly for medical treatment!. 

Can the head of any other country escape like this and surface later?
Till today Indians have NOT been able to figure out why she is hell bent on hiding her past. That she was born in Orbassano, Italy--that her mother's name is Paola Predebon--that her father's name was Stephano Maino, (a Russian POW as he was an Italian soldier fighting against Russia in WW2 ) -- that her sister's name is Marouchka.  But Indians have exhumed all this. 

It is the same government who put India under Emergency rule and massacred so many innocent Sikhs in 1984. They controlled the press and kept the common man in the dark.
Indians did NOT want her to sell out India's interests via the nuclear deal. 

Indians do NOT want FDI in retail. We are doing quite well for ourselves , without too much foreign help.
Shashi Tharoor initially came hammer and tongs against censorship-- soon he got kicked and now he has done a U turn and volt face. 

Shame on your Tharoor--you have damaged yourself--the Indian youth will now be after you.



Today in India we cannot trust our newspapers and TV.  There is foreign money in most of them. 

We get the truth only from Internet.
And who is a censor gonna know who is right and who is wrong? . Is he to take that only the ruling powers are right--or victor's justice is paramount--like on Palestinians?
Can nobody criticise her-- just because she was Rajiv Gandhi's wife ?  Is India her personal property? 


Has not our Indian constitution guaranteed us free speech? 

Who is to decide what is true and what is false?  Some pea brained IT technician , who does not know left from right, who is scared of losing his job?
Considering we have 1300 million diverse people in India we have sufficient religious and communal harmony.
When a person tells the truth it may appear that he is running down a religion or community. It is just not so. 

At another time by another post he may praise the same religion or community who he slammed the previous week. This is what freedom is all about.
If you read my post VEDIC PRACTICES IN MECCA -VADAKAYIL I may sound to be anti-Islamic.
But if you read my posts CULTURAL WISDOM - VADAKAYIL I may sound to be a Islamic Mullah in a mosque.
If you read my post TEARS OF PALESTINE- VADAKAYIL I may sound like a rabid Islamic terrorist.


So we will have censors like the seven blind men of hindoostan who touched an elephant at different spots and made their own stupid OBJECTIVE JUDGEMENTS, right?
In a policy decision likely to have serious implications, Mr. Sibal has demanded that Internet Giants: Google, Facebook, Microsoft and Yahoo, to censor and moderate all the content that is generated by users from India. 




 
Above is the book which W is so upset about.
 The above book, which was first published in Spanish with a title 'El Sari Rojo' in 2008 and is set for India release, has stirred a storm with W’s lawyers describing it as containing "untruths, half truths, falsehoods and defamatory statements" and served Moro with a legal notice.
Claiming that she was "terrorising the publishers", Moro said, "I don't know how Abhishek Manu Singhvi or others have got their hands on the version when the book is not even in the market yet. He has got a version (of the book) in an illicit manner. I plan to sue him."
Moro is no stranger to India and has previously authored several books related to various incidents in the country including 'Five Past Midnight', which dealt with the Bhopal tragedy has been co-authored with his uncle, noted writer Dominique Lapierre.
"When you come to a country like India you are interested in its history and its rulers. I have been visiting India for the past 30 years and have several good friends across all strata of people and I love the country and I feel at home here," the author said.
 
Last year, Sonia and party threatened to shut down Blackberry services in India if its manufacturer, Research In Motion, did not allow government officials greater access to users' messages. They got FO as an answer.


Varun Gandhi is a refreshing change from the Italian side of Indira Gandhi's children.


Sonia Gandhi is does NOT even trust a brown doctor in India-- while in USA the whites love to visit Indian doctors, as they have superior abilities in diagnosis. 

Once a disease in diagnosed , any idiot can cure it.


By the way Sonia-JI, RSS fought for India's freedom. They are NOT anti-nationals.
They do NOT go around converting Christians to Hindus. My father who was in the RSS , fought for India's freedom. He was known by his first name to Golwalkar, had told me before he died that Naturam Godse was NOT a part of RSS-- never mind what everybody else says. 

After Godse killed Gandhiji, the police came to arrest all RSS members of Calicut. My father and his colleagues spent 3 days at sea in several boats, to evade this arrest. He left RSS which was banned , after this incident.
That Gandhiji was killed by RSS was just British propaganda as RSS supported Subhash Bose and INA , and this pissed of Winston Churchill who took diabolical revenge by starving 5.2 million Bengalis to death in 1943, just because Bose was a Bengali.
Rothschild got Bengali Amartya Sen ( whose wife is Rothschild ) to white wash this event and he did so in style and earned a Nobel Prize. 
RSS protected the Sikhs in 1984 , as per Khushwant Singh's books. In RSS camps there have NEVER EVER been any casteism.
After the Indo-pak and Indo Chinese wars maximum blood was donated by RSS.   RSS does not go around telling anybody that Hinduism is better than other religions , like the Christian missionaries--who are mostly Indian but they toe the Vatican line, to get more and more foreign funds. 
RSS does not expoit vulnerability, as they are ruled by the laws of Dharma.


I do NOT belong to RSS, but I do know that the claims made against them by Rahul Gandhi ( Wiki leaks -- cable dated Aug 2009-- as told to US ambassador Timothy Roemer) to be the worst terrorists of India , worse than Lashkar E Toiba-- are all vindictive.

 




More is trumped up by foreign Zionist funded NGOs and Vatican funded Roman Catholic missionaries. None of them want India to rise-- and all are jealous.

The smelly brown coolie nation of Aug 14th 1947, is now a economic , military and cerebral giant!!


Pl read my related post by punching into Google search SOPA WILL CENSOR INTERNET FOR ZIONIST BIG BROTHER VADAKAYIL
Wikipedia tell us that Sonia was a waitress at the Greek restaurant ( VARSITY RESTAURANT ) of Cambridge town.  

It is not that she was Rajiv’s Cambridge Trinity College class mate as per propaganda.
Just because you were a waiter in a cheap Mumbai restaurant, can you claim to have graduated from Mumbai  IIT? And even if someone made a mistake , will you not correct him, if you had some honour?
In 1980 Congress put her name in the New Delhi voter’s list even when she was a full fledged Italian citizen—violating the constitution which is punishable by a jail term and deportation.
We had a separate set of rules for this Italian woman.  She became a Indian citizen only in April 1983.  Dual nationality was NOT permitted under Indian laws till 1992.  
Today W is a DOCTOR as three universities have given her honorary doctorates—
---three cheers for  Dr Sonia Gandhi!

We Indians deserve her!

Sonia Gandhi had submitted an affidavit to the Election Commission of India citing a false degree.  In 2004, Subramanian Swamy filed a case in a High Court, clarified in the petition that his complaint against Ms. Gandhi was for imposing a penalty on her but not for disqualifying her from participating in the election.  Sonia Gandhi admitted that it was a "mistake" and apologized, upon which the judge ordered closure of the case without penalty ( Wikipedia )


Recently her chamchas did an overdrive on TV by advertisements-- IT DOES NOT MATTER WHERE YOU COME FROM.

Oh yeah?

To know more about SoniaJI punch into Google search DO YOU KNOW YOUR SONIA SWAMI
                    
Subramanian Swami is professor of IIT and Harward-- he is no dumbo!      -- or you could click on this link-

http://youtu.be/h5B2rKLsLpQ

Hitler once said to patriot Subhash Chandra Bose: “ What kind of  people are you that, you being with tens of millions, cannot chase out of your country a fistful of Britons?”
Bottomline: It is better to allow the educated common man to express his views freely on Facebook and Twitter and get his rocks off with WORDS instead of BULLETS. 

When you came into public life-- you have bargained for all this right?  


Fame comes with a cost!! And nobody kicks a dead dog!!!
*******************************************************************************
SOME SWEET PAIN - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



 NOSTALGIA causes interaction with deep rooted emotions and feelings within the psyche. It can be a difficult emotion and trigger sadness , at it is a recall of past events and old emotions .  

It gives you a dull pain inside the heart , as you know there is no reverse gear— paradoxically  Utopia in reverse.  

Old events can never happen again.  Old personalities can never be the same again.  

A feeling of sadness and longing is not akin to pain, and resembles sorrow only as mist resembles the rain. 

Some magic inside the subconscious mind -- past becomes present for that fleeting moment , with emotional chords doing that sweet twang!.  

I found some old pictures-- it reminded me that I used to be young.

Above is my wife 47 years ago. Their 200 year old ancestral tharavadu house , which they sold -- is now converted to a church.


Above is my elder son, who is now a computer engineer. Real Amul baby he was.












This is my wife's school ( Auxilium convent , Mumbai ) gang--who came to visit my container ship at Mumbai. I guess they believed that I was the Captain of a huge ship - only after seeing the Abandon ship Muster list posted on the notice board.

To be frank I used to look young for my age. When this ship went to USA in 1984, the US Coast Guard came to my cabin, started whispering KHUSSR PHUSSSR to each other, and then they went to the alleyway for further secret discussions and parleys .  Finally they came back inside and wanted to see my passport and Seaman's book.  

I asked them- why?   

The Chief of this USCG six man boarding party said " Captain don't you think you are too young to cross the Atlantic!".  So I told them off  "  This is my third ship as Captain, and I have crossed two larger oceans Pacific and Indian . And my wife is in the bedroom-- I am NOT the Captain's son . You are excused,  as while entering New York today, the Pilot came on bridge and tells my Cadet - GOOD MORNING CAPTAIN  - and gives him the newspaper!"



   Above picture is me and mE wife-- at our honeymoon.



Above picture is me as a young Second Mate. The cycle was used by the Duty officer for his rounds. Taking a round of that (VLCC tanker)  on deck meant walking nearly ONE KILOMETER.
       


That is me as a Chief officer with 3 stripes. " Third Mate-- call me when it is time to do COW ( Crude oil wash )!"


Enjoying a swim 16 years ago!



I allow my Cadets to run free.  I believe if young COLTS must win the jackpot later in life, you cant crush their spirits early in life.  I remember this particular cadet came to for advise. He had always ignored his girlfriend who kept throwing herself at him. Now he is feeling a wee bit bad for she has just won "MISS INDIA contest!"




When my wife first sailed with me in 1983, she cornered me one day. 

She demanded " I want to know how you earn your wages. You do nothing throughout the day. You wake up at 9 AM, by the time you sit on your desk it is 10 AM.  Between 10 and 10:45 whoever grabs  your signature , gets it.  The Purser comes at 1046, and you tell him --sorry it is my beer time.  Then you have your lunch and go to sleep.  At 4:30PM after tea, you go down and play TT and bullshit around playing TEEN PATTHI .  Then you take a bath, have a beer and go for dinner.  Then you write your night orders after having some discussions with the Chief officer and Chief Engineer on bridge and come down to watch a movie. Then you go to sleep . There goes another day--

How do you earn your wages?" 

I replied " Patience baby!  Captain is meant to command and not to work.  He will work only when warranted -- this is the way the cookie crumbles at sea!"

Then my non ice class ship had to load cargo at a port . Fantastic freight cargo was waiting in a pack ice bound port.  All ice-class ships had got stuck, damaged their bows and propeller .  The ice breakers were rescuing only stuck ships--  and if you get stuck in pack ice, your turn could come 3 weeks later!"

For three days I was on the bridge doing ice navigation.  Cannot come down for a crap or even to brush my teeth.  

You get stuck , then you have to reverse engines, putting your propeller in danger. You over speed or hit OLD HARD white ice, you bows can be kissed good bye.

My wife used to bring my toothpaste on bridge and to give me a neck massage. Finally when we reached the ice bound port everybody were surprised-- as my ship was NOT ice class.



I went down to sleep after arrival formalities, tossing around -- my body supercharged with adrenaline . 

My wife whispered in mE ear " Now I now know how you earn your wages!"

There are many "hard working" Captains at sea.  Almost all of them are incompetent-- they need to prove their worth to their crew -- by working hard, or sleeping on the bridge / CCR sofa . The Captains job is to provide a safe roof over the heads of his crew ! 

I have been lucky-- nearly 3 decades in command--- never damaged my ship even once, even a berthing bump on a ill fendered jetty, after more than a thousand berthings  !-- luck plays a major factor here.



That is me and my ship mates -- painting a Venezuela beach RED . I am the guy in black shorts.



That is me at the Colosseum in Rome.



This is at Pisa, Italy.



Those days in India, we had Fiat cars or Ambassadors.



That is my younger son, playing basket ball with me at home.



Me and mE younger son-- taking bath was fun time. Till today ( he is now 17 )-- nobody at our Calicut pool can beat him in under water swimming.



This is mE elder son and wife.



That is me at St Peter's cathedral Vatican.



This is mE wife-- an arranged marriage. I don't like girls who have lost the ability to blush.





Above my wife and elder son at the pyramids, 22 years ago. Hard to believe that the surface was smooth when it was built-- using limestone cement.



Me at St Marco square Venice



Above-- as a bachelor.


and above is who I am today-- A GRIZZLY OLD BUZZARD.
*******************************************************************************
STONEHENGE OF ARKAIM RUSSIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

 



I stumbled on to this video about the Russian Stonehenge.  I must explain what this video is all about.



The first, conventional Arkaim, is the ruins that are shown to tourists today. The second Arkaim is located a little further, in a place where excavations are still going on and where visitors are not allowed. And finally, the third Arkaim, where even locals wont go





In 7000 BC, Bharatvarsha under Emperor Vikramaditya extended from Jerusalem in the West to Cheliabinsk Urals in the North to Vietnam in the East. The seat of this empire was at Ujjain India at the Kshpira ( Shipra ) river, where every 12 years the grand Kumbh Mela is held.. King Vikramaditya's symbol was the Swastika. Those days the kings used Vimanas or flying saucers,



The Russian Stonehenge more grander and much older than the British Stonehenge was unearthed at Arkaim, Cheliabinsk, at the Urals.  Putin went to visit the site, when they found the ancient Vedic Aryan Swastika symbol . See the Swastika symbol in the puja room of my house.


Inset is the Sri Yantra mandala which holds the elusive theory of everything.




Swastika is inscribed on the palm of Lord Shiva's son Lord Ganesha.







Swastika is a Sanskrit word.  SU means "good" ASTI means " to be "Swastika is a TANTRA symbol, which is very powerful and auspicious. The right handed Swastika finds relevance is almost every aspect of Hindu culture. Every Hindu accountant starts a new account book with this symbol. Almost all Hindu marriage pandals have this symbol. This symbol wards off evil. It represents the cosmic spinning vortex. Everything is energy. All energy is a vortex .
One of the  Arkaim swastika metal medallions had swastika with Cobra snakes. A Cobra snake is just an indication of released Kundalini. You will find that Lord Shiva has it on his shoulders.




Arkaim was built with four entrances to the city strictly oriented at cardinal points NEWS as per Vedic Vaastu shastra—like what you see at the Egyptian pyramids. The town was found to be closely aligned to several celestial reference points, and is believed to have been an observatory as well as a fortress and a religious center.

Now the Druids who built Stonehenge at England worshipped Lord Shiva called Pashupati in Rig Veda of 5000 BC.  They also called him CERNUNNOS -- see tablet below with a cobra. There are no cobras in England.    


Below is Lord Pashupati --another avatar name for Lord Shiva.


The Russian Arkaim Stonehenge is 3000 years older than the British one .  This place was visited by Putin in 2005 and declared as a national treasure as soon as he saw the ancient Hindu Swastika symbol on non-earthen  pottery , and found the square within a circle similar to the Sri Yantra mandala.  This Stonehenge was built during the rule of Emperor Vikramaditya in 7000 BC, whose symbol was the Swastika. This symbol does NOT belong to Hitler.

The mystic Druhyus from India on the upper banks of the Saraswati river, migrated in 4000 BC, towards the north, when their holy river dried up. They preferred colder climates. These are the ancients Druids ,as Harry Potter fans will know. All ancient Druid pictures were found in Vedic meditative Vajrasana poses. These are the people who introduced prayer to Europe. 

Druhyus could read the Aakashik ZPF records of past and future . Their migration patterns are recorded in various Mutts of India. The Dryuhus ,or Druids use the circular MANDALA for powerful TANTRIC rituals.

The ancient Maharishis of Vedic era had 12 strand DNA ( nil junk ) and a king sized pineal gland. All of them had released Kundalini.

These Stonehenge structures are used to connect with the cosmos. 

ALL STONEHENGES ARE ONE TIME STRUCTURES. After use they are buried. 


Below is the 9000 year old Mandala at Harappa. On these the wooden structures are burnt down to ashes after the Vedic havanam. You cant reuse it.



So most of the Stonehenges on this planet have yet to be unearthed. The wooden Stonehenges are burnt. 

Every year in Kerala , BBC comes with their TV crew to film these Tantric ATHIRATHRAM rituals. The atlar is eagle shaped. 1110 specially designed bricks are used. The ritual is for cosmic consciousness, universal brotherhood and prosperity.


Into the homam fire went clarified butter ( ghee ) , cow dung cakes , rice and mystical herbs to purify the atmosphere – along with divine sound  mantras.




By the way Tantra has nothing to do with sex.  Or Shiva Lingam black meteorite stone, has nothing to do with a penis --as per Vatican propaganda.  It is a pineal gland.

They have just dug out the Globleki Tepi Stonehenge at SE Turkey--which was once part of Vikramaditya's empire in 7000 BC.



Here is a broken statue head dug up at Gloleki Tepi, Stone henge of Turkey  . The hairdo is typical of a Hindu priest who does the Havanam.




YAZIDIS OF IRAQ ( KURDISTAN ) WERE HINDU BRAHMIN PRIESTS AT THE STONEHENGE OF ANCIENT GOBEKLI  TEPI,  TURKEY BEFORE 8000 BC . 

THEY STILL DO AGNIHOTRA RITUALS.


THEIR GOD ( PEACOCK ANGEL ) IS LORD SHIVA’S SON WITH WIFE PARVATI — KARTIKEYA ( SUBRAMANYA/ MURUGAN   ) THE SUBRAMANYA SNAKE IS ON THE STONEHENGE  PILLAR .


THEIR IDOL GOD EVEN TODAY IS MULTI ARMED .   INDIAN HINDU  IDOLS  ARE THE ONLY MULTI-ARMED GODS .

IN  7000 BC INDIA RULED IRAQ , TURKEY AND SYRIA , MECCA, PALESTINE ETC .
YAZIDIS MIGRATED FROM INDIA AND NOT TO INDIA.   PEACOCKS ARE FOUND IN INDIA NOT IN TURKEY OR IRAQ.

YAZIDIS STILL GO TO PALANI TEMPLE, THEIR MECCA /VATICAN . 

THEY MISPRONOUNCE IT A PERANI.   

 THIS TEMPLE IS A PAZHANI IN DINDIGUL DISTRICT , TAMIL NADU,INDIA  .



THEIR HOLY RELIC IS A LAMP WITH A PEACOCK ON TOP—THEY HAVE ONLY TWO OF THESE LAMPS COMING DOWN SINCE ANCIENT TIMES . 



HERE IS ME LIGHTING SUCH A LAMP.




UNO  MUST ENSURE THAT YAZIDIS HAVE A HOMELAND OF THEIR OWN AT NORTH IRAQ.




Stonehenge positions are calculated by Vedic mathematics-- using the Golden mean and Golden ration. Fibonacci had stolen the ratio from Vedic Mathematics-- pretty much the same way his countryman Marconi had stolen the radio and got for himself a Nobel prize.

Here I will give an example below using the Alaska Stonehenge as a centre spot on the globe.



Distance from Ankor Wat to Giza pyramids is 4754 miles. This multiplied by the Vedic Golden ratio of 1.618 gives 7692 miles which is the distance from Giza to Nazca . Now 7692 miles multiplied by the golden ratio again gives 12446, which is the distance from Nazca to Ankor Wat. The centre of this circle is the Stonehenge at Alaska.
At Arkaim Putin was shown the Navratna ring. See the ring which I own.



Check out the Vimanas of 7000 BC--flying saucers.


 

Till the white man discovered diamonds in South Africa in 1886, diamonds were available only in India. In 1726 the white man had found some" low quality" diamonds on a Brazilian river bed. The next discovery was in 1906 in Congo. 

Total Internal Reflection was a science written down in our VedicVedic Mathematics crealy explaining critical angle and refractive index. Such a ring was given by King Porus to Alexander the Great. Navaratna literally means 9 gems. 

Out of this Venus was represented by a brilliantly cut (Hira) Diamond. Mercury was Green (Panna) Emerald and Blue Sapphire was (Indraneelam) Saturn.

The people who built the Stonehenges spoke Sanskrit. I studied Sanskrit till 9th standard ( CBSE syllabus ) at school. My language Malayalam ( high literature ) is more or less 80% Sanskrit. So getting 100% marks in Sanskrit was a piece of cake for me at school.

What do the Maharishis do on top of the Stonehenge?

They connected with the Cosmos using Mudra signs . You and me with 96% junk 2 strand DNA and 
a shrivelled up pineal gland can hardly understand the power of Mudra.

Buddha ( born in 1900 BC ) made vedic texts available to the common man in local language. He used the left handed Swastika--as a rebel. Like how Mohammed the Prophet put the Shiva lingam black meteorite stone horizontally at the Kaaba , Mecca. 

It is written that Buddha was a Mudra and Tantra expert. 

One day an mad elephant rushed at him, and Buddha without losing his meditative composure, used the Karana Mudra hand symbol while resonating his pineal gland with his 12 strand DNA , and pacified the elephant, before the tusker could gore him. 


There are 108 MUDRAS or hand symbols. Hand gestures stimulate the same regions of the brain as language. ( One of the mudras is used in yogic Pranayama while sitting in Vajrasana pose for channelling the prana. 108 is the numerical equivalent of OM ).




You will NOT believe the power of Mudra unless you suffer from a sever ear ache, or see shooting stars while passing blocked urine, or vertigo is bringing you down , and you get a instant miraculous mudra cure.  Almost all ancient Hindu temples more than 5000 years old, have statues showing Mudra finger and hand poses.  

Mudra is about free electrons at the finger tips having concentrated nerve root endings , getting redirected back INTERNALLY to the brain along chosen neural circuits. Five forces are controlled by Mudra. They are Prana, Apana, Samana, Vyana, and Udana, and they are part of the Kundalini's energy.





Through Mudras you gather these five forces together, bringing them to their home, the Mother Kundalini, which is sleeping at the Muladhara Chakra, as Static energy of the Mother of the Universe. Your Kundalini is sleeping. It has to be awakened , or you have NOT experienced ecstasy and bliss on this planet.

Mudras and Tantric rituals are done in silence.

Mantras use longitudinal sound waves. The video below shows how Sanskrit vedic chants sound. Sanskrit came from the 12 strand DNA of a Vedic maharishi.

 
     

The Vedic chanting is about cosmic consciousness and quantum tunneling. It is too profound a subject to talk about in this post. Bloodless sacrifices are done. 

Punch in VEDIC QUANTUM INTENTION EXPERIMENT VADAKAYIL, to read about these soliton fields.

Vedic sacrifices are bloodless. 



The Rigveda of 5000 BC, does have descriptions of Ashwamedha horse ritual, notably in hymns RV 1.162-163 .




  
Now I must crack the myth of Stonehenge once and for all. The ancient Vedic Indian Mandalas (like at Stonehenge) were safe and silent elevated geometric spots for the Druids or Dryuhus to connect their minds with the cosmos, and do the secretive Mudra rituals, after consuming the super mushroom Soma ( mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC ) which elevated the Kundalini , raised the consciousness and did DNA repair.


Getting disturbed halfway by worldly affairs while raising your Kundalini was NOT an option as you could severely damage your mind and body connection. There is great secrecy, and after climbing on top of the platform with round pillars, they raise the rope ladder on top.  The oracles of Delphi stayed on such platforms.


These evolved sages with golden auras , 12 strand DNAs’ and king sized pineal glands could do superhuman tasks, like converting energy to matter, teleportation, telepathy etc.. You must remember , when Sanatana Dharma ( Hinduism ) was an evolved religion in 9000 BC, worshipping the black Shiva lingam stones , the white man’s land had just come out from the quaternary ice age. And there were very few people on this planet. The next oldest religion came 7000 years later.



Mudras are symbolic finger /hand gestures and body postures. It is about expression on inner resolve by deeds NOT words like Mantras. Yet they retain the efficacy of the spoken word on the DNA.

There are 108 mudras . Most of the sea of knowledge has been eroded. There are very few masters. 108 is a divine number , as all rosaries hold 108 beads. Kalari has 108 marmas. Lord Krishna was in the pose of Gyan Mudra when he gave the Bhagavat Gita discourse to Prince Arjuna--just before the Mahabharat war in 4000 BC.



When the Apana rises upward to the 'Fire Chakra,' the flame of divine fire grows strong and bright, being fanned by Apana. When the Apana fire mixes with the Prana, which is naturally hot, the spiritual heat of the body becomes bright and powerful. 

When the Kundalini feels this extra heat, she will awaken from sleep; then she goes into the Sushumna. The Kundalini is coiled like a serpent, and by Mudra the Kundalini will certainly move and open the mouth of the Sushumna. 

Without moving the Kundalini, there are no other means that will clear away the impurities of the 7200 Nadis. The Great Goddess Kundalini, the Energy of the Self, sleeps in the Muladhara. She has the form of a serpent, having three coils and a half. As long as she is asleep in the body, (finer body), the jiva is a mere animal, and true wisdom does not arise.




While breaking the coconut for the bloodless sacrifice, the devotee must intend as per the vedic traditions. This is to tune our self to the quantum level energy matrix, this energy is transferred to our DNA.

Human intention can create quantum fluctuations in the ZERO POINT FIELD , a vast unharnessed energy source . We resonate in Zero Point Energy —human intention can influence the universe.



Each individual mind has access to the universal mind. Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains an the quantum energy sea. We literally resonate the Cosmos.

The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention. Scalar waves from your mobius supercoil DNA couples with intention and consciousness. Intentions enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy produced by DNA. Your DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether..
Scalar waves are created by a pair of identical waves (usually called the wave and its anti wave) that are in phase spatially, but out of phase temporally. The two waves are physically identical, but 180 degrees out of phase in terms of time. Scalar waves are different from normal hertzian waves– like an infinitely projected mobius pattern on axis, and are more field like than wave like.


Zero Point Field is an information field as it encodes everything that has left its traces in the form of Scalar waves in this universe. This boils down to the recording of every little thought that was ever thought and every little move that was ever made. The interference patterns of the scalar waves form a huge hologram that permeates the whole of the universe.

Intention is like the tuning fork which causes other forks to resonate to the same frequency. We cannot observe the quantum world using our limited five senses. Instead we must imagine particles as they really are-- structures of matter waves (like quantum waves) in their wave medium, the quantum ether. 

Our intentions create our reality. As proved amply by the double slit experiment the consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being. Scalar waves encode the information of space and time into a timeless spaceless quantum shorthand of interference patterns.


Little did Darwin know , that Biology is a quantum DNA process. All the processes in the body including cell communications are triggered by quantum fluctuations, and all higher brain functions and consciousness also appears at the quantum level. Remember, our wishes and our intentions create our reality.

WHEN WE BREAK A COCONUT IN INDIAN TEMPLES , WE MUST SHUT OFF OUR INTERNAL MIND-MONKEY CHATTER,  TO BE IN THE MOMENT FOR THE BRIEF ALPHA STATE WITHOUT EGO , MAKE YOUR " INTENTION" RING THE TUNING FORK OF YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS -- TO RESONATE TO THE QUANTUM LEVEL ENERGY MATRIX -- AS A VORTEX OF GROUP COHERENT MEMORY. AND UNLEASH THE SCALAR WAVES AT THE SPEED OF THOUGHT , LIKE A TSUNAMI -- NAY --SOLITON-- INTO THE FABRIC OF SPACE TIME , TO DO ITS OWN MIRACLE.



On Dec 21st 2012, a new Yuga starts after the 25675 year old precession cycle of the Kali Yuga. Our DNA has been reduced from 100% in use to 96% junk.  12 strand DNA has been reduced to 2 strand DNA, which are destroyed by RNA viruses like AIDS and SARS which have one strand RNA. 

The resonance of the planet earth has increased from 7.83 hertz to more than 10 hertz. This is worsened by selfish experiments like HAARP. Only human consciousness can correct this erosion. We cannot afford to have our Sun go supernova. It is a choice we have to make, rather we have NO choice.

We have a choice to take our human body and mind to the levels of ancient Maharshis who were of the Vedic civilization on the back of the river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC, after which they migrated all over to Euphrates, Nile, and even major rivers of Europe ( Dryuhus or Druids ).

The Saraswati river dried up in 4000 BC due to a major tectonic shift., causing the Aryans to migrate OUTWARDS .


Mind and mater are not separate. Matter is just an expression of mind. The wise ancient vedic rishis knew this 11000 years ago.
What kind of action is a simple observation? It is nothing but the act of consciousness , a field of scalar energy. With focused INTENTION it can achieve the extraordinary. It explains the power of prayer.
Electricity and gravitation are macroscopic properties that are caused by microscopic properties of the constituents. Consciousness is the macroscopic property of our brains that is caused by a microscopic property of its constituents. Quantum physics and Consciousness are deeply connected.
The brain is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology. Consciousness is created by quantum mechanical phenomenon that takes place in brain cells.


All life forms are connected by "morphic fields" or strong intertwined energetic connections. Our separation from each other is an optical illusion of consciousness.
Our bodies are piezo-electric bio-crystals, resonant transducers of living light and life force. We have unlimited access to the radiant field of consciousness which is infinite active universal intelligence. We all have direct and immediate access to the scalar field of consciousness .
Bioenergy propagates along superluminal deBroglie waves, moving much faster than light. That is the weird ability to transcend both time and space with consciousness, such as remote viewing, telepathy, precognition and the super cognitive capacities of dreaming.
Using the right brain and left brain simultaneously, in a kind of telepathy with our higher Self, through coherence at the neuron and quantum level. Collective consciousness is a life force flowing through the universethe vacuum is a universal Akashic field of information or consciousness.


When we see a color, we are actually seeing a distinct frequency of visible light. When we hear a sound, our eardrums are actually being vibrated by subtle waves in the air molecules around us.
Even the neuro chemical processes of human consciousness our very thoughts ring with their own distinct wave patterns. A visible attribute of consciousness is an energetic field that governs the shaping of organisms. Morphogenesis is a scientific term to explain this very shaping of tissues, organs, and entire organisms.
Consciousness is the creative force of the entire universe. The entire universe is in fact a single living conscious organism with complete awareness of itself. The level of consciousness in you depends on the amount of energy it is capable of storing .



In the Mahabharata of 4000 BC, the consciousness test for the assembled kings to win the hand of the King's daughter Draupadi, was looking into a water pool and shooting a revolving overhead magnetic needle fish with a ruby eye-- which Prince Arjuna did in style. As you may know only human beings and elephants can see themselves in a mirror. This is why in India our temples have elephants--as it is a conscious animal. Try showing your pet cat or dog to the mirror. Couple of animals like Chimp bonobos can pass this mirror test partially.


When you use psychic power you tap into the level of the universe, where individuality does not exist. At this level each of us is a part of a universal and cosmic consciousness where we are connected as though held together by invisible threads. This interconnectedness means that every thing we do or think affects everything and everyone else.


All atoms in the entire universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms. There is a consciousness in every molecule of matter.


We see incredible order and harmony and pattern which no accident can produce. The material universe is the result of an image projected by the creative power. Each mineral is crystallised according to a definite design or image.
The image of the human being is contained within the microscopic DNA strands of the fertilised egg in the womb. Some kind of intelligent force ( consciousness ) must have started with an image or blueprint which ultimately manifested itself as a particular form.



Kundalini has the effect of stimulating an increased flow of ions upping the body’s dipole and increasing the EMF. A cell possesses two characteristics—capacitance and inductance—which are the elements of a tuned circuit like a radio. The cell must be tuned to the desired frequency needed to sustain life.
5% of our nervous system is composed of monatomic elements. Over 5% of the brain tissue by dry matter weight is Rhodium and Iridium. During heightened activation the body can transmute certain palladium group elements such as Iridium and Rhodium into their high spin state by adding energy in the form of photons to the atoms.


It is through this high spin atomic nervous system that we achieve cosmic consciousness, the Maharshi mind ( or the Maharshi Imhotep /Buddha mind ) and all ESP and spiritual phenomena.

 


Santhakaram Bujaga sayanam 
Padmanabham suresam 
Viswadhaaram Gagana sadrusam 
Megha varnam shubangam 
Lakshmi kantham kamala nayanam
Yogi hrid dyana gamyam
Vande Vishnum Bhava bhayaharam 
sarva lokaika natham 


O' Thou who reposes in peace on the great coiled Kundalini serpent. 
The sacred lotus springs from thy navel, O' Lord. 
Thou art the universe, the heavens. 
Blue as a cloud, Thou art benediction. 

Who Brahma the creator and Rudra the Destroyer, 
And the gods of heaven, rain and wind praise with songs divine. 
Whom the chanters of Samaveda eulogise observing the rules of prosody and scriptures.
Whom the yogies, engrossed in meditation see clearly in the mind's eye.
Whose limits are unknown even to the gods and demons. 
 
 



 


In the video above--this classical Indian dance is as old as the Stonehenge. Every finger movement is a Mudra.  This dance is very exact and hundred dancers will move the same graceful way--like mirror images. Indian dance does NOT involve jerky acrobatics, somersaults , rolling on the floor  and gymnastics- - like in a circus.


An ancient Vishnu idol has been found during excavation in an ancient village Staraya Maina in Russia's Volga region.   



Dr Kozhevin, who has been conducting excavation in Staraya Maina for last seven years, said that every single square metre of the surroundings of the ancient town situated on the banks of Samara, a tributary of Volga, is studded with Vedic antiques.  



Prior to unearthing of the Vishnu idol, Dr Kozhevin has already found ancient coins, pendants, rings and fragments of weapons.

In the Rig Veda, there is a passage that goes, Itham ascati pasyat syantham, ekam starayath mainaa-kaalam.  

This translates into Staraya Maina is the name of the land of the 45 rivers (on whose banks the noble Rishis conducted the famous Ashwamedham ), where the sun god descends into one fifty two forty seven.  


While the first line identifies a location, the second line talks about the exact latitude and longitude at which the solar spectrum produces interference lines at one, fifty two, and forty seven.

The extreme precision of the calculations show the advanced science of the Vedic period, and also a thorough knowledge of SI units (it has been conclusively proven that French scientists stole the system from the Indians.

The discovery of the idol confirms the location in Russia, identified in the Rig Veda as rus soviath sapthamahanagaratham (the ancient and holy land of the 722 flying vehicles). The ancient connections between the Russians and the Indians has been unequivocally confirmed. 

In Russian orthodox Christianity, worship is conducted very much like in Vishnu temples. The Russians refer to the feast of Vizhnyir Ekoratsya Vikhunh, directly corresponding with Vaikhunda Ekhadasi.  It is NO wonder that Pope Pius Pacelli used the Croatian murderer Ante Pavelic to decimate Orthodox Christianity. 

The Russian language has its roots in Sanskrit, more so with the dialects of people whose origin are at the Smritzyi archaeological site, along the banks of the now-dried up Vernstokhlin (Varnasatyakhalini) river system.  
The Vishnu idol is depicted with a hammer in one left hand while the deconglated seventh arm on the right side holds a reticulated sickle. This hammer and sickle imagery is also found in the Parashurama Sutra, conclusively placing the origin of Russian Hammer and Sickle political ideology in Vedic India.  


We in India know Karl Marx , a relative of Rothschild Jews , who owned the British East india company,  visited Kerala and West Bengal, and had thorough understanding of the Parashurama Sutra. 

In 1952 in Soviet Russia, an archaeologist, Prof. Varely Smirzkoff of Odessa University found artefacts near the ancient Belarussian town of Kozhikodz.  
My passport says that my place of birth is Kozhikode of Kerala, India.  
Prof. Varely Smirzkoff was the first to speculate that the ruling political ideology of his country could well have had its origins in Vedic India rather than Modern Europe
In Russian orthodox Christianity, worship is conducted very much like in Vishnu temples. The Russians refer to the feast of Vizhnyir Ekoratsya Vikhunh, directly corresponding with Vaikhunda Ekhadasi.

 The Parashurama Sutra, the basis of all government policy in the erstwhile Kerala kingdom of Vaazhappazhaa, contains the lines Sthulyam Kaamyunishancha kalanam brighahaha. 

This hammer and sickle imagery is also found in the Parashurama Sutra, conclusively placing the origin of great and popular Russian political ideology in Vedic India.


Quatrain 50, Century L --Nostradamus ( French Jew )

From the peninsula where three seas meet,

Comes the ruler to whom Thursday is holy,

His wisdom and might all nations will greet,

To oppose him in Asia will be folly.

Kanyakumari of Kerala, is the only peninsula in the entire globe where three seas meet a point and stretch away. The great leader who will wipe out our enemies will hence be a Hindu who offers worship on Thursdays.   It is only Hindus who consider Thursday sacred.  Moslems pray on Friday; Jews bow before God on Saturday;  Christians go to church on Sunday at church. Nostradamus is making it clear here that the conqueror will be a Hindu from India

 


The Agnihotra Homam is done on top of raised structures. There is a way to chant the Rig Veda 5000 BC, mantras. The Islam religion has copied this chant, but have left out the fire, the ghee, the cow dung and the Quantum physics. 


In 1992 by the side of Narada ( named after Narada Maharishi )  on the eastern side of the Ural mountains, the found unusual, mostly spiral-shaped objects.  The size of these things ranges from a maximum of 3 cm down to an incredible 0.003 mm. 



Thousands of these have been found at the Arkaim Stonehenge and also several other river bank sites . The spiral-form objects are composed of various metals: the larger ones are of copper, while the small and very small ones are of the rare metals tungsten and molybdenum. 


Tungsten has a high atomic weight, and is also very dense, with a melting point of 3410 deg. C . It is used principally for the hardening of special steels, and in unalloyed form for the filaments of light bulbs. Molybdenum also has a high density, and a respectable melting point of 2650 deg. C . 

This metal too is used for hardening steels and giving them corrosion-resistant properties, these being used principally for highly-stressed weapon parts and vehicle armor. All modern scientific tests tests carried out to date these objects to around 20,000 years old.

On 21st Dec 2012, I would suggest the Agnihotra is done at select points of this planet at sunrise.



There are several Stonehenges in India  .  Willong Khullen Nagaland has its own Stonehenge of the tallest stones nearly 8  meters tall and more than meter thick--which dwarfs the British Stonehenge



There is another one at Nartiang Meghalaya, India  . 

Every Stonehenge on this planet from Gobekli Tepi , Alaska Stonehenge, English Stonehenge,  Arkaim Russia Stonehenge , Asota Pakistan , Gidduhaur Jharkhand India etc are all made by ancient Indians.  

Most of the ancient Indian Stonehenges have been deliberately destroyed by the white invader—so that they can claim the British Salibury Stonehenge for themselves .After all it is their own WONDER , right?

Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older. Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for Guru Brihaspati. .  Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan war where Helen was stolen.
Several people came to India to get a cure for epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights. 

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician. 

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract. 

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang thing--
- but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1 mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before  Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the same thing via advanced Calculus. 

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years before Pythagoras  was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .  And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh  Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below. 

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. 

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge .

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.
So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff. 

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) . 

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale.
The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the west.  

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics ( magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.    

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus, however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever. 

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death.
Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search-
MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the 5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation known to me.” 
  
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just for kicks.  

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger .  Such jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan ( Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. ( AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of devotees. 

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas), however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara, ‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’). 

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit, bhakti, ‘devotion’).  And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter ( heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew. 

 Bartholomew is one of the 12 disciples of Jesus and ismentioned in three Synoptic gospels: Matthew,[10:1–4] Mark,[3:13–19] and Luke,[6:12–16] and also appears as one of the witnesses of the Ascension[Acts 1:4,12,13]; however, each time he is named in the company of Philip.  He is not mentioned in Gospel of John.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.  Kosmas was the author of a stolen world-geography and a book on stolen Kerala astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of consciousness, and there also sight is created from 
understanding.  For there understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from visible light.”

Consciousness ? 

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history—
*******************************************************************************
WYATT EARP, AN UNDER RATED WESTERN MOVIE-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL








This movie starring Kevin Costner, Dennis Qauid and Gene Hackman is one underrated Western movie with  kick ass dialogues.
It is a very intense, interesting character study of a famous lawman Wyatt Earp.
It is common now for modern Hollywood characters to ask the other guy “ Who the fuck do you think you are, Wyatt Earp?”  
As you can see the cast is terrific, with abundant  romance and action. The melody of the background score grows on you after several viewings.

“ There aint no humor in here: this is a serious story!” , so will shout movie critics —but people who can read between the lines know the humor inherent woven in it.

Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp ( 1848 – 1929) in real life was an American gambler, investor, and Marshall who served in several old West town.  He was also at different times a miner, farmer, bouncer, bar keeper and boxing referee. However, he was never a cowboy.  He is most well known for his part in the  Gunfight at OK Corral.

This  gunfight would define the rest of his life. Earp's modern-day reputation is that of “ The toughest and deadliest gunman of the old West"
The movie starts with young Wyatt preparing to run away from home and join the Union army like his brothers Virgil and James.  His father Gene Hackman in a cameo role,  stops him.  While Wyatt wants the same adventure he feels his brothers are experiencing,  his father knows the horrors and truth about war . Later, James and Virgil return home both exhausted and beat up from serving in the army. Their father has put on his traveling shoes and announces that the family will be moving West where opportunity knocks. Wyatt finally ends up as a lawman and along with his brothers, clean up  Dodge City.

Kicked out for being too tough Wyatt travels to Fort Griffin, Texas, where he meets and befriends Doc Holliday (Dennis Quaid), a former dentist, frequent gambler, occasional outlaw, and suffering from severe tuberculosis. Two demanding women also enter widower Wyatt's life,  the prostitute Mattie (Mare Winningham) and stage performer Josie (Joanna Going) from San Fransico.

Another stint in Dodge City follows before the Earps relocate to Tombstone, Arizona.  Wyatt and his brothers Virgil and Morgan manage to antagonize the local cattle rustlers known as The Cowboys, including members of the Clanton, Claiborne, and McLaury clans. 

The escalating tension climaxes with the famous Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, in which the Earp brothers helped by Holliday kill them three Cowboys. The Earps are subsequently targeted with retribution attacks, with Morgan killed and Virgil maimed. Wyatt sets off to kill all remaining Cowboys, before continuing his life out west in the company of Josie.


Some kick-ass dialogues:-- ( with the Yank drawl )

Stop talking and start shooting.


You've raised your hand to me for the last time! 

Put that gun down, Kate. I don't want you shooting me by mistake. 

Everyone who knows me hates me. 


Every morning I wake up surprised. Surprised I have to spend another day in this piss hole world. 

All of you can kiss my rebel dick.


I know sometimes it isn't easy being my friend... 

I've had enough of being famous. I'm gonna settle down. Start some kind of business where nobody wants to shoot me anymore.

Good, Mattie. That way we'll know where to find it when we're finished. 

Wives come and go, that's the plain truth of it. They run off. They die. 



Children aren't a part of the bargain, Mattie. They never were. 

The next man that speaks out will be fined $25 contempt of court. Your Honor, $25 wouldn't pay for half the contempt I got for this court. Bailiff, collect $50 from Curly Bill Brocius. 

We've been all over hell looking for those two.  Maybe you weren't looking hard enough, Johnny. 

But with a little cooperation, a little live and let live... everyone can make out. 

I'm sick of hearing your lies!  Go back to your friends. Tell them if they wanna fight with the Earps... they know where to find us! 

Evening, miss. - Good evening. Are you taking a walk? I am. Is that a problem? Could be in this town. I've been in worse places than this. 

You had your last chance and you let it go. There ain't gonna be no more talking. I've seen your kind my whole life.

. 
Your day's coming.  Get ready. Why not make it today?

You can spend the rest of your time waiting to see me. 

I understand most of your enemies got it in the back. 

Gentlemen, this game is losing its allure. I'm out. 

I'm not in the mood for talking. - You know how it is with me. You don't have to do much talking when I'm around. 

After tomorrow, this town's gonna smell a whole lot better. 

Those Earps and their skinny diseased friend... are gonna find out what a real fight is all about. 

If you're gonna talk like that, you'd best take it somewheres else. 

Shut up! I'm tired of hearing your noise. 

I ain't gonna fight you tonight. But your fight's coming soon enough. 

Come away with me now. We'll leave the trouble behind and go.

You sons of bitches have been looking for a fight. Now you can have it.

lf somebody voted you king of this family, l didn't hear about it.

You dragged us all down here with a lot of talk about owning businesses... 
and getting rich. Now here you are a year later... 

l'm sorry if l hurt you today. That was not my intention. 

There ain't an honest cowboy who can get a fair shake in this town. 
  
Go back to your friends. Tell them if they wanna fight with the Earps... they know where to find us!


He'd lick himself all over if he could, he's so whipped up. 

l believe you're trying to seduce me. What makes you different from all the men who've tried what you're trying? 

You had your last chance and you let it go. There ain't gonna be no more talking. 

You talk too much for a fighting man, lke. l've seen your kind my whole life. 

There's never been but one way to deal with any of you. 

l am getting sick to my stomach of all your empty yellow talk. 

You can spend the rest of your time waiting to see me. 

l understand most of your enemies got it in the back.


You don't have to do much talking when l'm around. 

For some people, this world ain't ever gonna be right. 


ls that supposed to let me off the hook? There is no hook, my friend. There's only what we do. 

lf you're gonna talk like that, you'd best take it somewheres else. 

Shut up! l'm tired of hearing your noise. 

My mama always told me never put off till tomorrow people you can kill today.

He ain't armed and he's drunk! -There ain't no law against killing drunks. 

l don't have time for this today. 

lke's been up all night drinking, trying to screw up the courage to kill us. 

You sons of bitches have been looking for a fight. Now you can have it. 

Look who don't know if he's coming or going. 

You're just in time to watch me whip Bob's ass... 

How come Morgan's the only Earp who's completely full of shit? The whole family wants to know the answer to that one. 

Johnny, you're not careful, you'll see me once too often.


What are we gonna do with all our money? We'll buy you a new suit. You could use one. 

 




"Nothing counts more than blood... the rest are just strangers," spake Wyatt's father Nicholas (Gene Hackman ) at the beginning of the film. 

The brothers now will live by that code laid down by the patriarch. This is the most important line perhaps in the movie, with the exception of Wyatt's own at the end "Some say it didn't happen that way," commenting upon a flashback recounting his brand of law and justice in the wild cattle town of Dodge City.
The film has a outstanding musical score, amazing cinematography, and good acting by the supporting characters. It draws the viewer in, so much so that you do not feel you are watching a film, but are experiencing a moment in history.  The director keep it low key, allowing the viewer to be drawn into the story, rather than simply showing it to us.
Dennis Quaid lost 35 pounds of his weight only to accurately portray the tuberculosis affected and alcoholic gun-notorious Doc Holliday.
"Wyat Earp" 1994- is under rated as it is 3 hours and 15 minutes long, and was released withing 6 months after  the classic "Tombstone," which told the same story.  And the movie audiences could NOT get the drift of the smart ass dialogues.
*******************************************************************************
SIBAL, SONIA , SOPA AND INTERNET CENSORSHIP -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
KAPIL SIBAL , SONIA GANDHI-  WOULD YOU LIKE TO CENSOR THIS VIDEO.


TEVEZ REFUSES TO PLAY FOR MANCHESTER CITY AGAINST BAYERN MUNICH



As per the new paradigms SOPA will ban this post -- for it is pirated.

Kapil Sibal and Sonia Gandhi will ban it , because morphing is blasphemy.

Sometimes it is better to let the youngsters get their rocks off with words and pictures on twitter and facebook --rather than with bullets and blood.




In the video below Hitler is choking over Arsenal's loss to lowly Birmingham City at the Carling Cup final and agonising over Arsenal's 8-2 loss to Manchester United.




Here is how Arsenal self destructed at the last few minutes of the Carling cup final in 2010-- their best chance to win a piece of silverware over the past 7 years-- and they blew it in style.
*******************************************************************************
HAIR LOSS PREVENTION AND BALDNESS CURES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



HAIR LOSS PREVENTION -- HAIR GRAFTING-- LLLT LASER TREATMENT

This post is penned on request from Matt – made in the comment column of  my post Wyatt Earp.

First of all , I suggest all must be at peace with their lack of hair, if it is hereditary.
Would Yul Brenner have better personality if he has a mop of lush hair—to be frank he would have looked like an asshole of the first order.


In USA almost all the blacks are ashamed of their Afro hair. The men shave their heads and the women either straighten it out or put beads or have dreadlocks.

Now let me digress-

About 3 decades ago, my mother who had lost her sense of smell, requested me to use my grey matter and come up with something which could make her smell. So I told here “ I will give your sense of smell back for 24 hours. Don’t ask me what I do and don’t ask me to continue doing what I did—for it may have side effects ”

Based on this agreement I make a concoction, treated her with it—and lo presto the next morning she screams in delight “ I can smell! I can smell!!”

I was ready.  Using my father as a witness , I made her identify the following smells—Orange, Vanilla essence, dried fish, Jasmine perfume—which she did readily.

Then I whispered into my father’s ear ” Time for her to slap me!”

Then I put my left forefinger under her nose—and then she wrinkled her nose in disapproval and tried to hit me.

Much later my father asked me “ What the hell was that all about—you predicted that slap”

I said “ I had shoved mE finger up mE asshole— it was fresh asshole flavor !”

I told this incident in one of my ship’s parties. This was a party following the “Equator crossing ceremony!”.  In our parties we have such sessions where my crew recounts TRUE hilarious anecdotes.

During this ceremony in the morning my steward who was crossing the Equator for the first time, was getting dunked into King Neptune’s barrel filled with so called “ herbs “— actually salt water,  paint,  vegetable oil etc. He was resisting this anointment. So as the executioner for King Neptune, I caught him by his head and dunked him in. Just before that I remember him pointing to his hair and trying to tell me something.

This bloke tells me “ Sir, do you have any such magic remedies for my hair loss!”

Everybody looked at his head and said “ We cant see any hair loss on you!”

And then our man did a shocking thing—he just pulled out a whole handful of his own hair off his head — and 10% of his head suddenly became bald.

Needless to say all were shocked.

He said “ My hair roots have suddenly become weak—since the past 3 days. In the morning my pillow is full of fallen hair”

So the onus was on me –for I was the guy who dunked him into the barrel.

I told him “ I will treat you. Your hair will come back like magic—it is gonna be PERMANENT. Don’t ask me what I did or what ingredients I used . Shave your head off tonight , and see me before you sleep. I have to first do the back ground work—before I start treating your for hair loss”

There was an immediate buzz of excitement—as all were a bit taken aback by the Captain’s cockiness .

Immediately all wanted to know “ At least you can tell us , the ground work medicine or the PRE- treatment medicine”

So I told the second mate to give me a ointment tube from the medicine locker. All asked me what it is , for this was NOT in the approved medical chest list.

So I said “ It is pussy cream!” ( Vagina yeast fighter )

Immediately there was a huge roar —with everybody laughing their guts out . The steward looked very grim and pissed off.

I told him “ Just surrender yourself to me- I know what I am doing!”

Needless to say after one week small baby hair started growing on his scalp.  We used to publish a weekly newspaper called PROPELLER , which I edited. This newspaper gave ship’s news all in good fun.

My first editorial ran as follows “ Just as a ship’s propeller churns up a ocean wake, the news published in this news magazine may  ruffle some feathers. This has to be handled with good spirit and grace, and as the ship’s wake becomes smooth after a few minutes , I expect ruffled feathers too to do the same”

So a typical headline would be “ AB Mascerenhas goes ashore at Rio de Janeiro with T shirt logo facing forward- but comes back to ship with the logo facing aft!” – with before and after pictures .

OR

Fourth  Engineer and Oiler half way up the tall street lamp post of Esmeraldes at 11 PM , with 3 vicious barking dogs on the ground— they were in this position for a full 10 minutes—till some passing local good Samaritan  drove away the dogs – here are the before and after pictures.

So when the steward got a full head of lush hair, there was lot of pressure on me to publish the ingredients I used. For this could be a huge money spinner. You must understand that this was nearly 18 years ago.

I resisted . And I will resist doing so in this post too. For couple of ingredients could be MISUSED by criminal quacks to produce male babies instead of females.

I will give a hint of my concoction. I wont reveal the percentages. The concoction is not mixed.  Rather their memories are imparted into water and only the water is used.

Why water?  See the last para.

We have between 100,000 and 150,000 hairs on their head  In order to maintain a normal volume it must be replaced at the same rate. The first signs of hair thinning that people will often notice are more hairs than usual left in their hairbrush after brushing, or in the basin after shampooing. An excessively oily or dry scalp, both can cause hair thinning.  Generally If a man has complete chest hair, he is around 50% more likely to become bald.


 Hair loss is due to DHT – Dihydrotestosterone, a potent hormone
 

This means to lower hair loss you need to reduce the levels of DHT in your body. Women rarely become bald the way men do . This means DHT is a male problem. This means there are some glands which females don’t have , which are involved.  


DHT is caused by the effects of an enzyme, 5-alpha-reductase (5AR) reacting with the male hormone testosterone. While testosterone itself does not cause hair loss, in its mutated DHT form it attacks susceptible hair follicles in men, causing them to shrink and fall out.


DHT is a very close chemical cousin of testosterone and has many important functions in the body. It is responsible for the sexual differentiation that occurs in the womb way before we are even born. It is the dihydrotestosterone levels in the womb that determine whether or not the fetus will develop into a male or female.


DHT molecules attach at the scalp, over-stimulate the hair follicles, and cause the root to die and the hair follicle to fall out. The hair root becomes unhealthy and unable to support the follicle.  Baldness happens when hair follicles atrophy and the hair produced is progressively smaller, until it is practically invisible (or may disappear completely).

So any hair loss fighting agent must work by seeping into the hair follicles and decreasing the hormonal affects on the root.  In males about 70% of DHT is derived from peripheral conversion of testosterone., unlike  in females where most of the DHT is derived from the androstenedione.


When testosterone gets converted to DHT in the scalp, the result is hair loss. Any hair loss product must block this transformation into DHT, and stop the hair loss that DHT causes.

Hair follicles atrophy and the hair produced is progressively smaller, until it is practically invisible (or may disappear completely).


When you have hair loss , the hair’s growth anagen phase is shortened, and young, unpigmented vellus hair is prevented from growing and maturing into the deeply-rooted and pigmented terminal hair that makes up 90 per cent of the hair on our heads. 

In time, hair becomes thinner and its overall volume is reduced, resembling fragile vellus hair or "peach fuzz" until, finally, the follicle falls dormant and ceases producing hair completely.

Now what are these 3 stages?

Human hair naturally grows in three phases: anagen, catagen, and telogen. Anagen is the growing phase. Catagen is a short phase of the hair cycle during which hairs begin to break down. Telogen is the resting phase.
 

The hairs that are shed daily are often in the resting or late phase in the hair cycle. Normally, about 10% of the scalp hairs are in the resting or telogen phase at any time. These hairs are not growing and are getting prepared for cyclic shedding.

Hair on head live for about three years in the anagen phase), they then enter the telogen, or resting, phase. During the three-month telogen period, the hair root shrivels up into a small white "club," then the hair falls out.

It is therefore normal to lose about 100 hairs every day, more of them on days when shampooing loosens the hairs that are ready to fall out. The hairs are then replaced by the body. Dead hairs with white clubs at the root  on pillow will always be there .


Frequently, hair may simply thin as a result of predetermined genetic factors, family history, and the overall aging process. Many men and women may notice a mild and often normal physiologic thinning of hair starting in their thirties and forties.

Other times, normal life variations including temporary severe stress, nutritional changes, and hormonal changes like those in pregnancy , puberty and menopause may cause a reversible hair loss. Notably, several health conditions, including thyroid disease and iron deficiency anemia can cause hair loss.

Hair loss can happen during high fever, crash diets , severe illness and EXTREME stress.


Doctors refer to common baldness as “androgenic alopecia," which implies that a combination of hormones and heredity (genetics) is needed to develop the condition. The exact cause of this pattern is unknown. (The male hormones involved are present in both men and women.)

Medicines that can cause hair loss include blood thinners (also called anticoagulants), medicines used for gout, high blood pressure or heart problems, vitamin A (if too much is taken), birth control pills and antidepressants.

Certain infections can cause hair loss. Fungal infections of the scalp can cause hair loss in children. The infection is easily treated with anti fungal medicines. Radiation to the scalp, as happens when radiotherapy is applied to the head for the treatment of certain cancers there, can cause baldness of the irradiated areas.


Sustained pull on your hair with less blood circulation, can cause traction hair loss. Sikhs who wear patka have receding foreheads, even if they abandon the turban later in life.

Shirshaasan or yoga head stand  increases  the blood supply to capillaries increasing oxygen and nutrient uptake to hair follicles stimulating hair growth, in a similar effect to having increased blood circulation. This can prevent non-genetic hair loss. Surya Namaskar reduces stress related hair loss.


Looking at your family can give you at best an educated guess about how you'll turn out.  In such cases it is better to accept who you are. Will Telly Savalas have better personality with hair of his head?  


If you see in USA all blacks with Afro spring hair, are ashamed of themselves, and they shave the hair off or wear beads and dreadlocks.


In December 2010, scientists at the Berlin Technical University of Germany said that they have grown the world's first artificial hair follicles from stem cells. Research leader Dr Roland Lauster said within five years ,millions of hair-loss sufferers could grow new hair from their own stem cells and have it implanted into their bald spots.  


In 2011 Yale researchers found signals in fat cells that cause hair to grow.  


Low level laser therapy LLLT can be used to stimulate hair growth through "photo-biostimulation" of the hair follicles.


In Follicular unit transplantation FUT, a strip of skin containing many follicular units is extracted from the patient and then dissected under a stereoscopic dissecting microscope.





Once dissected into individual follicular unit grafts, the surgeon implants the grafts into small incisions, called recipient sites, in the recipient area of the patient's scalp.


According to the new approach the roots of the hair are extracted from the "donor", and then literally cut into tiny strips, for transplantation. Bald patches on the scalp are isolated and given the donor strip.


All right having led you down the garden path for so long—I will just give a hint on the contents of my concoction—I will not entertain any queries on this subject in the comments window.





MY PATENTED DHT BLOCKER-- Ionised alkaline water —black coffee for caffeine —pumpkin seed paste for Vitamin E —small onion paste for quantum catalysis --  a classified cortisteroid-  a classified vasodilator— a testosterone inhibitor—a prostrate gland shrinker  ( oops! I should not have written about this dangerous chemical ) – glaucoma eye drops--  a vitamin — Fenugreek seed paste-- a classified Vedic silver colloid based anti-oxidant 



When the soft fuzzy hair comes back-- use Castor oil for quantum education to new cells how to survive ( this is about Transfer factors and T cells ) .





Here is what you must know about universal water—without water NOTHING repeat NOTHING can happen.


The strong dipole  present in water leads to its unusual behavior.  Water has enough cluster structures available to absorb whole libraries of information . Water can store information about substances that were once in it but that have physically disappeared .  

Scalar energy from the DNA of healers reduce the surface tension of water, and make the pH of the water more alkaline interaction . There is a deep connection between water and consciousness.. The information copied to the water can be used to cancel out the information of the symptoms from a disease, as a wave cancellation effect.

Water is the universal medium for all biological activity-- it dissolves, dilutes, transports, and reacts with every chemical essential for life . Our immune system can be triggered using hundred times dilutions of an aqueous solution of an antibody.. Water registers precise molecular information and can wipe out previous molecular energy information and start afresh, starting anew in the present moment to receive the latest upgrade.

The hydrogen partners of H2O are so fickle that a water molecule changes partners ten billion times a second. Water appears to be H (1.5) O rather than H2O , hence the fantastic dissolving action .  

Free radicals are a natural byproduct of cellular function.  Free radicals expel an electron, and the extra electron damages neighboring cell nuclei and DNA, setting the stage for improper cell division and replication.

The chemistry of life is water chemistry. Without water's capacity to store and share information as different vibrating frequencies in an extraordinary manner, living cells would not be able to communicate with each other .

Water can in a strange manner can propagate fast moving 5th dimension anti gravity soliton waves, maintaining its shape and velocity without dissipating its energy ( example- tsunami ).

Ganges water is living water. This low surface tension water water is highly alkaline and has an extraordinary amount of hydrogen with an extra electron, to neutralize damaging free radicals , which cause DNA damage, diseases and ageing .

Low surface tension water ( normal is 73 dynes ) can store information for healing in its vibratory structure. It easily penetrates the 75 trillion cells and mitochondrial membranes, to supply nutrients and flush away toxins.  

Ionised water is structured water with hydrogen bonding and have positive polarity. Silver colloid laden ionized water is anti-oxidant water takes care of free radicals and hence is anti-inflammatory.


Grace and peace!
*******************************************************************************
KALARIPAYATTU , THE OLDEST AND THE DEADLIEST MARTIAL ART- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




KALARI OF KERALA , THE MOTHER OF KUNG FU-  BODHI DHARMA AND SHAOLIN TEMPLE

This is in response to a request from one of my readers 3 months ago--about the 108 Marmas of Kalari.


Kalaripayattu is NOT a sport. 

It is a LETHAL method of fighting , which is 6000 years old and was introduced to Kerala by Lord Parashurama ( an avatar of Vishnu ) 

Quite often we have western fighters coming to Kerala to learn Kalaripayattu , and then after a week they want to fight.

Gentlemen, be aware that this form of Kerala Martial art does not leave two men standing. Only one remains--the other is dead, or severely crippled.

Let me digress--

About 15 years ago, my ship was going up a South American river. The pilotage was long and tedious, with the river swollen due to floods.

The pilot was a tall and handsome guy of German descent. He was nice to talk to. 

I noticed that his knuckle boneheads were smashed up-- and the tendons displaced into the recesses -- so this means he could punch into concrete slabs without hurting himself. 

In between I had to go down to sort out a machinery problem caused by human carelessness , and by the time I got back on the bridge , I was in a nasty mood.

I resumed my conversation with the pilot-- then I told him " You appear to be a trained fighter!"

So this dude starts off with the degree of the black belt he holds -- etc . And then I could see the inherent arrogance surfacing. 

I stopped him when he said " I can whip anybody on this planet!" ( the way Mike Tyson had told on TV before ).


My Chief officer and Quarter master were listening to all this in silence. I winked at Chief Officer, took out my key chain from my pocket, and told the pilot to hold it in his hand.



Then I stepped back by about 6 feet , and told him to press the black button on the handle. A small sharp box cutter blade snapped out. I told him " I know where your jugular vein is-- if I am half the distance closer, it just takes me less than a second to kill you"


The pilot's face became white, and my Chief Officer and Quarter Master nearly fainted.

Then I said " Now press the red button on the side"



A compass divider snapped out-- only difference was it had fish hooks at the end.

I told him " If I decide to be kind and not kill you , then I can make you give any crew member of my ship a blow job on your fuckin' knees for the next 2 hours ! " 



And then immediately I apologised --told him I am very sorry . 



---with an added advise " Never ever under estimate your opponent ".

Then I instructed my Chief Officer to take my key chain from the pilot and throw it overboard, into the river.  It had a plastic handle-- OK Marpol Annex 5 plastic pollution--never mind!

Then I offered him a stiff drink, noticing he needed to steady his nerves  . He immediately grabbed the offer.  


Hard drinks are NOT allowed on the bridge-- but then here was an extraordinary situation-- which needed an extraordinary solution" 

The next day my Chief Officer remarked " Bloody hell, how many times I sat opposite to you peacefully having a chilled beer,  with your key chain right in front of me -- you are a dangerous man!"

I do hope my readers have got the drift-- Kalaripayattu is NOT a sport!

So what makes me competent to talk on this subject?



In Kerala daughters are sent for dancing and boys are sent for learning Kalripayattu--at a young age. This is a timeless tradition.

Dance is graceful dance --not mini skirted and mini pantied cheerleader type jumping around or acrobatics or gymnastics --



You don't get to handle weapons till you are mature.  



And only if the Asan ( gurikkal ) feels that you are devoid of arrogance and worth it, only then will he teach you the 108 MARMAS-- or the vital Prana points.  


All marma point do NOT have the same effect.  Some kill instantly ( bindu points ) ,  some incapacitate , some immobilise (vaikalyakara ), some give vertigo and loss of sensory ability.

In some if you leave the invaded object as it is you will survive, if you remove it, you will die.



Till then you are literally going through the grind-- the Asan or Guru is in total control of you. You have to do rigorous training for neuro muscular co-ordination , flexibility , stamina and balance of the spirit level in your inner ear cochlea.



At the end of the daily session is a tedious oil foot massage to stretch the ligaments. Probably it was more to see if you have sustained some injury.



Initially only wooden weapons are allowed.



Mind you this teacher-student relationship is a spiritual one , as you have to prostrate and touch his feet everyday, before you enter the Kalari ( arena ).




Modern Reiki of Dr Mikao Usui is taken out of 6000 year old  Kalari, the martial art of Kerala, India.  You have to lose your fear of injury, pain and death before this “hands on” healing can be effective.  


He teaches you how to predict an opponents next move- by reading his face and body language.  Some amount of  Tantra and aura reading is involved here.

Payattu means weapon fight in Malayalam and Sanskrit.



Till the white man came with their superior fire arms and canons , Kalari warriors protected Kerala from invaders. The first thing the British did was to ban Kalari and imprison all the Kalari teachers.

The weapon of my choice used to be the Urumi. Now Urumi is a 3 metre long sword, and it is double edged . This serrated tapered lighter and flexible end is saturated with mercury and arsenic poison at the metallurgy stage. You just need to get nicked and draw blood-- you go home and die. 



Urumi could be 3 pronged . Wielding a 3 pronged Urumi is a very skilled art. For the end of the sword goes faster that Mach 4 . Mach 1 is the speed of sound or 1221 kilometers per hour.. The crack of a bull whip is a sonic boom.



In Kerala bullwhips are used to scare elephants during the training period. 

The accuracy of a trained bull whip wielder is amazing. Last year I saw a circus in Calicut with Russians artistes performing. A gorgeous Russian girl would hold a lit candle on her head and a Russian guy with a long whip would extinguish the flame. Just when we were thinking that this is a fake, he make her hold a apple and sliced it horizontally into two, with her still holding the lower half. This is extremely dangerous as the whip end can slice her wrist off along with the arteries and veins.



In accordance with the formula (if the work for whipping remains constant) for kinetic energy
 Ek = mv2 / 2,
the velocity of the whip increases with the decrease in mass, which is how the whip reaches the speed of sound and causes a sonic boom.




An enemy who understands the nature of this weapon is totally intimidated. Even arrows and spears are no use against a 3 pronged Urumi. The crack of the Urumi mentally saps you-- the ultrasound frightens you.



This is why tourists come to see Kalari performances and say- it looks like drama.  It has to be a drama ,  for real fighting kills!



Kalari warriors wear the Urumi like a hidden belt around their waist. On their knees, they have satchels of coagulant turmeric power based medicine and several tourniquets. 

In our ballads the last lines would be how a brave warrior loosened his tourniquet after killing his enemy- to die. TACHOLI OTHENAN KACCHA AZHICHU, MARICHU VEENU--





Zheng He the Chinese Admiral of Ming Dynasty who made 7 trips to Calicut from 1406 to 1433 , had written how hundreds of his large junk ships are vulnerable to Kalari warriors with far reaching rosewood fire arrows, in case of a showdown at sea.



Kalaripayattu has 108 marmas.  Marmas are known as pressure points by the naive. Marmas are actually pockets of Prana or vital energy cross points .  You don't need to strike--you can even frighten a guy to total submission.

Basically unarmed Kalaripayattu deals only with Marma Adi--or lethal blows to vital meridian points. 



Sadya Pranahara; - On the spot death causing.
Kalantara Pranahara: - Delayed death causing
Vishalyaghana: - Fatal if pierced
Vaikalyakara: - Disability causing
Rujakara; - Excrutiating pain causing



Trishul ( Trident ) and axe are also Kalaripayattu weapons of choice. Lord Parashurama used an axe. Lord Shiva used trident.



Kalari strikes used very little fist and palm. The wrist has too many bones-- there is a limit to which a wrist can take stress-- after which it pops--and that too permanently  .



The Ulna bone was used as a "lead pipe" to crunch sternums, collar bones in downward strikes ---and jaw-neck junction as upper blows. One good blow and the fight is over. 

See the video below



If you see the movie "Enter the dragon" starring Bruce Lee, you will find hundreds of students standing in line and shouting HOOO HOOO punching the air in front of them. 

This is bullshit!--with a capital B.



This is NOT what Bodhi Dharma the great Kalari warrior saint from Kerala , taught the Chinese Shaolin monks ( Kung Fu ) in 520 AD.



A punch given by the fist like a boxer is NO use. This is why you find people fighting for hours together. 

A punch must involve a WAIST JERK--for transfer of the invisible ball of energy.



Next time you watch an Olympics video--check out how a shot put athlete throws. He will transfer the energy from his right foot to his waist to the shotput--, mentally allow a glowing ball of energy to transfer from his foot ( like in break dance ) to the shot put.



See how the mental ball of energy flows like a liquid, in the video below-.



Same way when you punch with your fist , the waist jerk gives the power. At this time your wrist and elbow is one unit--there is no joint. It is a little of a whiplash action like a Nanchaku. In any case the wrist has so many bones , that unless you are a seasoned expert--you cannot deliver a hard blow to a hard object like a concrete block.



It is pathetic to see people fighting for hours together and still standing. The toughest Sumo wrestler and you both have the same delicate eardrums-- one double slap and you see stars for the next one hour--and you wont even remember your own name .

Bruce Lee and you both have the same collar bone --his collarbone is NOT clad in concrete.




Kalari is an intelligent form of fighting. Before you are trained you are taught to walk away from a fight-- and use your skills only when all other legitimate means have failed.

Below: Fending off arrows with a single blade Urumi.




You can tell a guy to lift you, using a fireman's lift--it will be a piece of cake. 

After he has done that just put pressure on a Marma point with your forefinger knuckle on his back side just below the level of his navel and tell him to do it again -- he just cant--  because his brain has shut down certain "business as usual" channels.

You can knock a man unconscious by just kicking lightly on his inner ankle --

I will NOT give away too much information about Marmas-- we don't want dainty girls to beat up tough boys , right?



By the way the best way to end a fight without starting it -- is to trip and heavy opponent so that he falls on his own weight like a lump of shit. He will get the drift that you know the art of tripping and he will keep away from you.



Kalari was a evolved form of anatomy and chakra fighting 6000 years ago, when the whole world were clubbing down animals for food.


First promise ,that you wont try this on your friends-- just scratching the surface for you-- MARMA POINTS 

With Kalari Marma treatment , when you have a severe pain on your right buttock -- say from Sciatica Piriformis you massage a spot on the opposite side ( both by height and width )--far away from the area of pain . Surprised? 













The usual rules of Kalari war ( Dharma yuddha ) engagement in 4000 BC

· Fighting must begin no earlier than sunrise and end exactly at sunset.

· Multiple warriors may not attack a single warrior.

· Two warriors may “duel”, or engage in prolonged personal combat, only if they carry the same weapons and they are on the same mount (no mount, a horse, an elephant, or a chariot).

· No warrior may kill or injure a warrior who has surrendered.

· One who surrenders becomes a prisoner of war and will then be subject to the protections of a prisoner of war.

· No warrior may kill or injure an unarmed warrior.

· No warrior may kill or injure an unconscious warrior.

· No warrior may kill or injure a person or animal not taking part in the war.

· No warrior may kill or injure a warrior whose back is turned away.

· No warrior may attack a woman.

· No warrior may strike an animal not considered a direct threat.

· The rules specific to each weapon must be followed. For example, it is prohibited to strike below the waist in mace warfare.

· Warriors may not engage in any “unfair” warfare.
*******************************************************************************
HERMANN GUNDERT, HERMANN HESSE AND MALAYALAM - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

CALICUT-  EXHUMING LONG BURIED SECRETS- 

Let me tell a true story first—only then you will understand the grain of this post.

3 decades ago, a landscaping job was entrusted by my father to a local contractor.  One day I noticed that value for money spent was not visible.  So I called the contractor and gave him a piece of my mind, in front of my father who was trying hard to pacify me.  All this time I could see that this man was restraining himself .

After he left without a word in his own defence , my father said  “ Sit down. I want to tell you who this man is, who took all the undiluted crap from you quietly. He was quiet out of respect to my long standing acquaintance with him for more than 4 decades. He is the Bhagat Singh of Calicut, and could have cut you down to size anytime”

So here we go—

My father and mother worked for the Commonwealth Trust Ltd Calicut, whose head office was in London. This factory was run by the British and mainly produced amazing handwoven cotton fabrics and clay roofing tiles. Their brand “ Hard to beat “ showing a dhobi in the act beating a heavy bed sheet on a washing stone is probably the first popular “brand” of this planet.


In my childhood when I had a bee in mE bonnet ,  I used to ask my parents . “Are you sure you both had an arranged marriage. Circumstantial evidence ( a favourite phrase of Lawyer Ram Jethmalani ) shows it was a love marriage as you both worked at the same joint for about 5 years before your both got married”.

So one day , six decades ago , the “ sayip” or white sahib or the MD of the factory got upset with the enthusiam of the company peons . Now peons or errand boys numbered around 25.  So all of them stood in a line in attention like soldiers waiting for the high handed outburst from a superior human being .  All except  our man Bhagat Singh. He stood lop sided on one leg and put one hand in his pant pocket.

The sayip soon arrived on his white stallion from the Beach Bunglow, the best house of Calicut-- a one kilometer ride . He glared at our man BS.  

BS could not care less and glared back—after all he had done nothing wrong , and India was already independent- no reason to shit green peas in his langot under his starched Khakhee uniform pants.

So the sayip quietly walks to him and using his boot , kicks his hands off his pocket. How can a superior white man touch an inferior brown human being?  And that too after such a grand entrée of a royal white man on such a magnificient white steed.?. 

There were at least a hundred witnesses to this act of blatant racism-- in a free country.

One man shouted foul among this crowd- and then all hell broke loose. Hundreds of years of pent up humiliation and frustration spilt over. 

The factory of about 4000 employees went on a  flash strike. "The MD must apologise to the peon".

The sayip of course was the uncrowned king of Calicut , even after Independence. Commonwealth’s phone number was 1. The Collector of Calicut , the official king had 2.   

The sayip laid down his terms “ All must report back for work the next day , within 24 hours of the strike call—or he would sack all of them”

Of course it was now a matter of Malayali pride.  5000 years ago when the brown Malayali wore fine soft muslin cotton, stayed in stone houses , ate delicious cooked food from a menu and dabbled in Mathematics , Astronomy , music  and Malayalam Poetry the sayips white ancestors of England wore animal skins, spoke grunt grunt for language, ate raw meat and stayed in damp caves.
 The Tali temple of Calicut was consecrated by Lord Parashurama 6000 years ago.
 

There are only a few drums above.  Can you imagine 100 drummers doing this with the curved bugles during festivals ?


The SM street of Calicut is the oldest commercial street of this planet, 6000  years old. Such has been the Malayali heritage.

         
 

So next day , as expetced , nobody reported back for work. My father being ex-RSS was one of the activists—for which he paid dearly , with respect to future promotions , as there were many British informers( black sheep) too.  It was leaked to the sayip that may father gave a inflammatory speech to a large gathering the previous night  “ Ee Sayippine thukkumarathil kayattanam !” ( This white Saheb should be strung up on the nearest tree !”

So the next day as soon as the granted  24 hour grace period  expired, the MD sacked the entire lot—the entire factory workers.  Promptly London Head Office sacked the MD for lack of maturity and wise leadership. 

The arrogant sayip now prepared to go back to England.  Lot of local moneybags wanted to buy his lovely horse and it was too expensive to take this majestic beast back to London.  Sayip said “ No, you guys will use my horse as a beast of labour “ – and then took out his double barrelled gun and shot his horse on the  head in front of a huge shocked audience.

After this incident, the factory got Indianised. British white managers were sent back one by one and Indian managers took their chairs.

So after 2 years one of the Indian managers went to London for a conference. He stayed in one of the big London hotels . While he was leaving the hotel the bell hop at the travel desk announced the car number , to arrive at the exit.  He felt that this voice was familiar. It is amazing how you can recognize a voice among thousands and recall it from subconscious memory.
He looked back and there stood his ex-boss - nay- GOD in a ridiculous liveried bell-hop dress , usually reserved for Indian peons, eye balling him. 

So the Indian Manager went to him , respectfully wished him and said “ Sir, I cant believe that you are in this state !”  

The ex-king of Calicut replied philosophically “ This is who I am today. I beg you not to go back to Calicut and tell everybody my current sorry state “

So this is what the truth was. Ordinary British citizens who could never think beyond meat and potatoes, came to India and lived up ZE good life. 



This sayip MD has about 25 servants, in the best bunglow of Calicut facing the sea. His Jacuzzi could hold 10 people. Two of his servants existed only to massage and brush his horse. 



He lived a more glorious life than the Dukes, Earls and Lords back home. His garden maintained by an army of gardeners was literally a botanical garden .  He had watchmen round the clock.


Their wives lived like queens , sipping gin and lime-living it up. 



Lord Sayip would be followed by a uniformed servant with a huge fan and cold water in an earthen pot where ever he went. 

One of the junior manager's Bunglow's was my son's school ( Hilltop Public School Calicut )--from where you can see the Puthiyara Tile factory , a bird's eyeview.


Calicut was the hub of the British East India Company .  This was the spice outlet to Europe. They cut down all our ancient Rosewood and Teak trees. They raped and decimated our forests. ncient Kerala ships made of teak and mature rosewood would go all the way from Calicut to West coast of South America  ( Patala ), crossing the Pacific ocean. I will put a separate post on this.

Calcutta was the Opium outlet. Tea came from China.

Now let me get back -- and do justice to the subject matter.

Yesterday I happened to look into Wikipedia on the subject “ Languages of India “—and found an ocean of bullshit.  They say in the same breath “ 80% of Malayalam and Telugu is Sanskrit”.  I have no problems with Malayalam as high literature Malayalam is more or less Sanskrit. 

But Telugu? Oh yeah?  Who told Wikipedia this nonsense?—probably some Telugu IT guy working for Wikipedia. I studied Sanskrit in School and I can hear Telugu on TV.

Our Ex-rulers East India Company was owned by German Jews Rothschild.  Rothschild had his tentacles in the British crown, and the common British soldier thought that he was fighting for Queen and country, while  actually he was fighting for this German Jew. The Rothschilds made enormous profits by selling Opium grown in India and selling it in China. Today the anti-wall street protests are against Rothschild Bankers.
All the filthy rich Parsees of Mumbai like Tata , Birla, JK etc were agents of drug runners- the Sassoons who belonged to Rothschild bloodline. Even Raja Ram Mohan Roy and the Grandfather of Tagore ( Dwarakendranath ) were opium drug runners- in the sly undercutting the British.

Rothschild wanted Vatican on their side and were also involved in running down Hinduism, the Vedas and stealing our ancient knowledge and patenting it in the names of white men-to make Indians develop an inferiority complex.  



Max Mueller was a Rothschild agent, and employee of the British East India Company, who re-wrote the whole of Indian history (with Thomas Babington Macaulay's blessings ) with bullshit and established that the Aryan invasion happened inwards and hence Vedas automatically belonged to the white and blonde Aryan. And the white man has just come home!--how sweet!!


The first step towards this end was to sent Missionaries to India and in the garb of translating the holy Bible to Bengali, they got the help of Raja Ram Mohan Roy ( an Opium agent of Rothschild ) to run down Hinduism and also to develop a Sanskrit to English dictionary.  Missionary William Carey, Joshua Marshmann and the printer William Ward operated from Calcutta in 1799. The Sanskrit expert used was  Hariharananda Vidyabagish.

The  Rothschild later realized that knowledge regarding Ayurvedic Medicine was centred in Kerala which has the most amazing herbs on the planet. They also realized that the seat of Mathematics and Science was Kerala , which developed under the patronage of Vishnu avatar Lord Parashurama and NOT at the Saraswati river banks. They knew the Maharshis of Kerala are responsible for building the ancient Egyptian pyramids and the Sphinx. All this ancient knowledge was in Malayalam and NOT Sanskrit.

This is where Hermann Gundert at German missionary comes in.  His main job was to establish to the world that Malayalam is a VERY RECENT language, which  developed after the Muslims invaded India.  And then this man stole all the vast amounts of ancient Malayalam books and took it Germany.


Homeopathy developed in Germany which told that water has memory power,  is stolen from the Vedas. The rishis had copper lotas with Ganges water Theertham for what?  

Calculus of Newton is stolen from the Malayalam texts of Parameshwaran , who belonged to the Kerala school of Mathematics. The Malayli has a mathematical brain, even today and is the most literate state in India.


 

In the video above they talk about the Kerala school of Calculus. They left out Newton ( British stuff ) --the date for Aryabhatta is 2700 BC and NOT 600 AD- who is another guy.
Hermann Gundert started the Basel Mission. Later after the first world war the name was changed to The Commonwealth Trust Ltd, Calicut .   The MD of Commonwealth factory was the uncrowned King of Calicut, in the pre-independence days .  Nobody in Kerala had more powers than this white man.

German Hermann Gundert was sent by German Jews Rothschild to steal ancient Maths , Science and Astronomy and Medicine from Malayalam texts. The first step obviously was to push forward 6000 year old Malayalam to 800 years age. 

The next step was to say ancient Malayalis never spoke Malayalam-they spoke Karin Tamil.  

Every ancient book in Malayalam was sifted and perused by so called Gazetteers , whose main job was to access places where ancient books were kept.

During the times of Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan’s raids, these ancient books were collected  from temples kept in certain places.  This was necessary as Tipu Sultan was after gold kept in temple underground vaults.  The Muslims never wanted books to steal and patent knowledge. 

All ancient books never had the name of the author on it—as it went against the spirit of Vedas and Dharma.  It was a glorious era of unbridled non-individuality. 

I will be writing about the Vedas and the Upanishads in a separate post, later.

Today if you come to Kerala you will ask. Where are all the Kerala temples? You neighbouring states Karnataka and Tamil Nadu have such beautiful temples. The reason is , these temples were NOT broken down by the Muslims—as they did NOT contain hidden gold like Kerala temples—the fruit of 7000 year of spice trade via the sea and the caravan routes.  

Same way you may ask. Why were the Rothschilds interested only in Sanskrit and Malayalam—why not Punjabi or Hindi or Telugu or Karnataka or Marathi?  I can hear a Bong shouting—Rothschild wanted a Bengali to English dictionary too. Well Bengali was a stepping stone to Sanskrit, using the services of Raja Ram Mohan Roy who was an employee of the East India Company just like Max Muller. . 
It was Sanskrit and Malayalam they were after. These dictionaries were NOT to convert Bible from Latin to English to Malayalam. Malayalam Bibles existed in plenty all over Kerala. It was to take away all Vedic era scientific texts to Europe and work from there collectively---instead of running around in hot and dusty India, begging for translations.

Now let me speak about Indian languages and digress a bit—

India was the world’s first civilization 11000 years old. Sanskrit which came from the 12 strand DNA of a maharishi seer is as old as our Indian Saraswati civilization.  Malayalam and Tamil evolved 6500 years ago. Those days major parts of Tamil Nadu was ruled from Kerala.  Cranganore or Kodungaloor was the hub of Kerala Hinduism. This place has special vibes.

The king of Calicut would pray in the Tali Templeof Calicut—or he would go by elephant to Guruvayoor Sri Krishna temple or to Kodungaloor Temple. It is no wonder that the world’s SECOND church is at Kodungallor ( St Thomas church-rebuilt several times  ) and the world’s SECOND mosque is at Kodungallor ( Cheraman Perumal mosque—still original  )

Old India or Bharatvarsha extended from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam. Sanskrit is the mother of every written language of this planet- including Malayalam. Those days India was a very evolved country with dialect languages changing every 15 miles—literally thousands of languages. This is mind boggling.

Then we were slaves of the Muslims and the Christians for 800 years . Hundreds of languages just disappeared , as people were NOT free. These languages were just left to die.

Today in the year 2011, India still retains 30 languages which have more than a million speakers, 68 languages  have more than one hundred thousand speakers and 125 languages have more than 15000 speakers.. Today India has newspapers in 89 languages, radio programmes in 72 and cinema films in 15 languages .

Sanskrit and Malayalam have given words to Hebrew,  Arabic, Portuguese, French, Dutch , English , Greek etc. The Namboodiri Brahmins of Kerala wrote only to please god or the King.

Malayam language is based like Sanskrit on the Sri Yantra with 54 alphabets—15 vowels and 39 consonants.  54 in Shiva –Shakti or Yin-Yang  form gives the divine number of 108.  




900 type casts of Malayalam ( which I studies in school ) --a language more exact than Sanskrit-- has been reduced to 90 , since the past 2 decades.

The Basel Mission Evangelical operations started in Calicut on 21st Aug 1834 when three missionaries landed here in the form of  Johann Christopher Lehner,  Christian Lehnard Greiner and  Samuel Heibich. They needed to provide jobs for Christian converts and those who already were Christians due to the excesses of the racists Namboodiri Brahmins.

Hermann Gundert ( 1814-1893 ) had access to every Malayalam and Sanskrit book in Kerala. He used to operate out of the Bunglow given to him at Telliceherry by Thomas Strange, the British District Judge. .  By 1848 he had three Malayalam magazines running—Rajya Samacharam,  Paschimodayam and Jnaniskheepam.  Malayalam uses ” jna”  unded of “gya”  for gyan or knowledge.


In 1872 he made the Malayalam English dictionary. Then to show to all this is all for  holy religion and NOT to steal knowledge , he published his first Malayalam Bible. 



There were hundreds of scholars in Kerala who could wite a Malayalam Bible— as it existed in Kerala even before Hermann Gundert from Suttgart came .  

In 1821 Christian priest Benjamin Bailey was churning out hundreds of Malayalam bibles from CMS Kottayam.  Kerala Christians are the senior most Christians on this planet , as Saint Thomas ( doubting Thomas ) told by Jesus Christ to go to Kerala after his death. Saint Thomas died in Kerala.

From 1849 to 1856 Gundert worked from Chirakkal Kannur, very close to  my wife’s paternal ancestral house. 

One fine day in 1859 Hermann Gundert declared that he has dysentery and went back to Germany with all the ancient books .  

A small percentage of the thousands of Malayalam books he carted away to Germany can still be seen at the Tuniberg University.  


Hitler experimented on flying saucers and  mercury ion vortex technology Vimanas by dipping into Gundert’s treasure house.


Today everybody wonders , how did German Basel mission thrive in Kerala during British rule—when the British are arch enemies of the Germans. These naïve souls do not know that British Royal blood is German blood. These naïve souls do NOT know that German Jews Rothschilds owned and controlled the British East India Company operations in India.

After the 1857 Sepoy Mutiny , which they engineered and triggered by spreading rumours about pig and beef lard and making fun of the religious sentiments of the Sepoys, Rothschild officially took over the rule of England by merging with the British empire—no more pretence of being traders . They had regiments of loyal mercenary Hessian soldiers in India who spoke no English.  

Lot of people think that Calico cloth is the cheap and coarse unbleached Kora cloth.  Well folks, Calico was a name for cotton goods exported from Calicut. The best quality is cotton muslin, which is still used in mundus or dhotis.  Cotton clothes is Calicut's gift to this planet.
Just last month I had to attend my niece’s wedding and I bought a very expensive mundu for myself with gold and silver threadings. This costs more than a Saville Row 3 piece suite. Europe knew only wool and silk till fine cotton hand loom cloth went there, and then the genteel ladies would wear nothing else.

Hermann Gundert laid all the foundations for his grandson Hermann Hesse to get the Nobel prize in literature. Herman Hesse was a great Jew lover. He got the Nobel Prize for himself in 1946.

Not a single idea and any writing of his is his own. Everything is lifted from the lofty Vedic thoughts on the human paradox , mind , consciousness , metaphysics, dielectics, epistemology  etc —from the amazing Malayalam and Sanskrit books stolen by his grandfather. I challenge anybody to prove me wrong on this.

Hermann Gundert was a master weaver with cloth. His grandson was a master weaver with stolen ideas. 

Every couple of years Germany will invite education ministers from the Communist Party of Kerala to go there ( all expenses paid ) to lecture on how much the Malayalis love the Hermann duo—for leading us from DARKNESS TO LIGHT ( sic!).



“I call that man awake who, with conscious knowledge and understanding, can perceive the deep unreasoning powers in his soul, his whole innermost strength, desire and weakness, and knows how to reckon with himself.” ― Hermann Hesse

“Trees are sanctuaries. Whoever knows how to speak to them, whoever knows how to listen to them, can learn the truth. They do not preach learning and precepts, they preach, undeterred by particulars, the Ancient Law of Life.”-- Hermann Hesse

“In my body and in my soul I realised that I greatly need sin, I needed lust, vanity, the striving for goods, and I needed the most shameful despair to learn how to give up resistance, to learn how to love the world, to stop comparing the world with any world that I wish for, that I imagine, with any perfection that I think up; I learned to let the world be as it is, and to love it and to belong to it gladly.”---  Hermann Hesse

Hermann Gundert established the Malabar Christian College and BEM school of Calicut. Hermann Hesse’s mother Marie Gundert was born in Telicherry . It was her father Gundert who established that there were very few writings in the Malayalam language, and that Thunjath Ezhuthachan was the father of the modern Malayalam language in the 17th century.
The same way Max Mueller pushed the Vedas 2500 years back in time, the same way Hermann Gundert pushed back Malayalam in time by 5000 years . He established that Malayalam was a parasite worm in the stomach of Tamil till 1425.


I did my LKG ,UKG and 1st Standard from St Koesph's Anglo Indian Girl's high school. I was made to skip 2nd standrad and was kicked up to 3rd standard for being a trouble maker.

I studied in St Joseph’s boys School built in 1793, from 4th to 6th standard. .


The Maitre De Cathedral in its grounds built by Portuguese in 1598, is a sight to see.  As kids we used to sit on the steps in the afternoon recess and eat ice-fruit or frozen sweetened ice on stick. We used to play 7 stones and duck behind the vast pillars .

 









The Commonwealth factory in Calicut made the first Khakhee cloth using cashew nut sap. The British army popularized Khakhee cloth . 

My mother visited my British Sunderland yard made ship at Cochin port 25 years ago and she immediately said that my cabin curtains were made in Commonwealth factory. Then she went on to say that the design was made jointly by artist Sreedharan and a Yale University ( Master in Arts )product –a white woman by the name of Shiela Hicks. 


It struck a bell— once as a child, when the lights had gone off , in the silence ,  I had heard my mother talking to my father about a liberated white woman who would design “Badagara” Caftans and change it behind open door panes, just wearing panties. She could be seen by lot of male workers who used to remark that her tits are like large juicy mangoes.


Today the Commonwealth Trust Ltd , Calicut building is shut down. The company went to loss, as the managers would instigate strikes for payment of bonus. To solve these strikes they would sell real estate and managerial bunglows at throw away prices—actually large scale swindling , embezzlement of the first order. Today Calicut stands to lose a heritage building and a landmark, started by the German Basel Mission. 



This elegant building faces the Manachira pool, which was a pool for King Zamorin’s women folk to take bath. This pool is now a major source of drinking water for Calicut city.



There were several Europeans like Fillippo Sasetti who came to Kerala to study Sanskrit in the end of the 15th century. It was this Italian who revealed the vicious and secret Portuguese Inquisition ordered by St Francis Xavier , in Goa, to the Western world. Apparently Italians in those days , did NOT like the Portuguese.
The Dutch East Indian Company was in Calicut in 1602, parleying with our Calicut king Zamorin.  Even before that in 1580 Matteo Ricci borrowed Calculus Malayalam texts and Vedic Mathematics texts from Calicut kings in 1580, never to return it. ( those days there were NO fax or photostat machines ).  Whish and Hyne stole Calculus texts from Trichur Temple Library a few years later.

Germans got to know about Malayalam literature from the work Hostus Malabaricos of Dutch Commander Vanreed , which dealt with the Ayurvedic herbs and plants of Kerala ( Malabar ). My wife’s paternal grandmother was one of the most famous Ayurveda doctors of Chirakkal —and since she ( Rohini Vaidyar ) was very attractive I am sure the Gunderts would have known her.
Aurveda was a male dominated science. When she died hundreds of her old manuals were burnt as a part of spring cleaning. Such was the lack of commonsense—or maybe the after effects of British propaganda that Ayurveda and Homeopathy is all bullshit. 

Tamil too has been hijacked by the Christian missionaries. The Hindu Tamils should stop attending "World Tamil Conference" -they are dragged into them by the Indian Tamil Christians. The myth is sustained that but for the White christian missionary efforts, Tamil would have been a dead language is wrong. Tamil is the oldest language in the world after Sanskrit and Malayalam. 

The invaders introduced printing in Tamil language only to churn out bibles in Tamil. Some of the padres were professional printers and  linguists in religious garb. To convert they need the Bible in local language. The ancient Tamil heritage is so glorious. They have forgotten all that, as all the old palm leaf manuscripts have been burnt by the missionaries.


The Italian priest Robert de Nobili (1577-1656).called himself a ‘Roman Brahmin’.Let me list out a few 3 in 1 missionaries—padre/ printer/ proselytisers. Italian missionary, Constantine Joseph Beschi (1680-1746), who called himself Veeramaamunivar (Veer-Maha-Munivar),  German missionary Barthalomaus Ziegenbalg (1683-1719) who called himself Ziegenbalg Iyer,  Englishman G.U. Pope (1820-1907) who called himself “Pope Iyer.”, Scotsman Robert Caldwell (1814-1891) who along with his wife Elissa Mault did massive conversions by offering sops, Portuguese missionary John De Britto etc etc. 

The Madras Catholic Diocese, has been on a amazing campaign that, “Thiruvalluvar was a disciple of St. Thomas and that Thirukkural have been lifted  from the teachings of St. Thomas—nonsense. How could people like Karunanidhi allow this if they have some pride in Tamil heritage , culture and pride. Tamil culture is so ancient –it existed in 4000 BC as an extension of Saraswati culture.


Vedic Vimanas or flying saucers used mercury vortex ion engines. The ion engine was first demonstrated by German-born NASA scientist Ernst Stuhlinger.  The Vedic texts were taken to Germany by Hermann Gundert.

The use of ion propulsion systems were first demonstrated in space by the NASA Lewis “ Space Electric Rocket Test SERT.. These thrusters used mercury as the reaction mass. The first was SERT 1, launched July 20, 1964, successfully proved that the technology operated as predicted in space. The second test, SERT-II, launched on February 3, 1970, verified the operation of two mercury ion engines for thousands of running hours.



The kings chamber coffin , of the Giza pyramid  is NOT a coffin . It used to contain mercury, exported from India . The apex of the Giza pyramids used to give a blue glow which could be seen thousands of miles. 

Today the ancient Vedic engine has roared back to life thanks to the Internet. Today we find White Christians wanting to become Hindus and be part of  the timeless Vedas.

Who says the wheel does not come full circle?
*******************************************************************************
THE VEDAS AND UPANISHADS WRITTEN IN 5000 BC- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



VEDAS - UPANISHADS-  THE HINDU PSYCHE- SANATANA DHARMA-  PROUD TO BE A INDIAN HINDU- THE MOST ANCIENT CIVILIZATION ON THIS PLANET


This is one of the most valuable posts you will find on the internet.

You will find thousands of posts on the Internet on Vedas and Hinduism-- and thousands of printed books too. After reading them you will still be in fog.  This post contains the essence in a couple of pages-- and you will finally be transported from darkness to light.

WHAT FOLLOWS IS WHY STEVE JOBS CAME TO INDIA, AS A YOUNG MAN-- WHY THOUSANDS OF HIPPIES CAME TO INDIA IN THE SIXTIES , SOUGHT THE TRUTH -- AND WENT BACK TO FORM THE INTERNET -- TO CUT THE STRENGTH OF BIG BROTHER

This lucid explantion is for people of this planet who still wonder what the fuss of Vedas and Upanishads are all about. 




The Vedas and the Upanishads are to India what the Crown and Scepter are to an anointed king. They are India's proudest and most ancient possessions. It hardly matters if you are a Christian or a Muslim or even a Pakistani-as long as you have Indian DNA.  For Vedas are NOT about religion.


In India the low castes have often expressed that Vedas have given them a raw deal. This is NOT true.  Vedic Sanatana Dharma system has the 4 classes, or graded inequality to sustain society. 


Brahmins, Kshatriyas, Vaishyas and Shudras.  This is like a ship’s crew list, where everybody has a job to do, to maintain team harmonics. There has to be Navigators and there has to be Engineers or the ship will have a breakdown. Or in a Cricket team everybody cannot be batsmen, somebody has to bowl.


From 9000 BC to 5000 BC Vedas were transmitted orally by learning vast amounts of verses by heart. There is no more time available after a period of rest to do daily chores. The Kshatriya warriors had to stay in camps , rigorously practice their backsides off , and fight, they too could not be expected to do usual chores. Which left out the Vaishyas and the Shudras , who distributed the remaining among themselves. Those days we just produced food, as there were no industries.  Vaishyas handled even medicine and surgery.


The original Vedas do NOT contain texts where it is said that Brahmins were created out of the head , Khsatriyas out of the arms , Vaishyas out of the thighs and Shudras were created out of the feet. 

The word BrahmAn denoted the Supreme God, and NOT BrahmIn the high caste human being.

watch the video below , to understand brahmAn. 

It is a  passage from "BrihadAranyaka" (major forest) Upanishad. An interlocution between sage Yajnyavalkya and Shakalya regarding number of Gods. When sage Yajnyavalkya was presented with thousand cows by King Janaka of Videha, other Brahmins became jealous, and one by one started questioning Yajnyavalkya. Then it was Vidagdha Sakalya's turn who queried Yajnyavalkya regarding number of Gods.

 

The caste systems were polarised by foreign invaders who wanted to divide and rule ( very easy when you have infighting in the family )  — and they were indeed very successful. 

The ancient Maharishis were peaceful and graceful souls and incapable of being racists.


If all want to be architects a skyscraper cannot be built. We need masons, carpenters, people who are not afraid of heights etc—it is a team contribution.  From 9000 BC to 5000 BC, the  Vedas were learnt by heart and transmitted orally from teacher to pupil, belonging to the Brahmin class.


In Kerala the shrewd Namboodiri Brahmins hijacked the caste system, and forced the Vaishya and Shudra women to expose their breasts in public. They would NOT allow a Kshatriya  ( their pet Rottweilers warriors ) to come within 6 feet, Vaishya to come within 32 feet and a Shudra to come withing 72 feet of them. 

All this is NOT written in the original Vedas.  

All this is as criminal as the MD of a company criminally changing the Company’s rule book , so that he can molest all the females and sodomise all the men , working in the office, officially .


The Vedas are considered the earliest literary record of this planet and were written on the banks of the river Saraswati.  The Saraswati civilization was the oldest in the world and flourished on the banks of the river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC, till the river became non-perennial, due to a tectonic shift blocking the river’s mouth at the Himalayan Glacier.

The 4 Vedas along with the 108 Upanishads are the most sacred books of India.


Without knowing the Vedas one cannot comprehend the inner soul and heights of Indian glory. A brilliant man like Schopenhauer found the Upanishads to be the "solace" of his life and death, and Kant found the Hindus were "gentle", that "all nations are tolerated amongst them." . India has the unique record of never attacking any country in the past history. These ancient texts won the admiration of eminent human beings of the caliber of Carl Jung, Emerson, Thoreau, Walt Whitman, Victor Hugo, Romain Rolland, Hermann Hesse, Henrich Zimmer, Tolstoy, Sir Edwin Arnold, Yeats, Toynbee and hundreds of others.


The Vedas  hold the original scriptures of  Sanatana Dharma ( Hindu )  teachings, and contain spiritual knowledge encompassing every possible aspects of Indian life. Vedic literature with its philosophical maxims has stood the test of nearly 11000 years of time  and is the highest religious authority for the Hindu in particular and probably for the whole of mankind in future. The world is waking up to a few books written 7000 years ago.


On Dec 21st 2012, man must upgrade his DNA to achieve 12 strand nil junk from 2 strand, 96% junk . There is only one source of wisdom to achieve this , the timeless Vedas and the Upanishads. These are not shepherds’ verses as ridiculed by jealous Vatican-  but an amazing encyclopedia of the most mind boggling philosophy of thought. It must be remembered that 7000 years ago, the whole world outside India were eating raw meat, living in caves and going grunt grunt for language.


“Veda” means wisdom, and it manifests the language of the gods in Sanskrit. The laws of the Vedas in amazing Sanskrit verses , regulate the bedrock of culture and customs of the Hindus to this present day. Hindu religion is run by the laws of Dharma. All the obligatory duties of the Hindu owe their allegiance to the Vedas.  They draw forth the thought of successive generations of Maharshi seers  or spiritual giants from 9500 BC to 5000 BC. 


The Vedas are four: The Rig-Veda, the Sama Veda, the Yajur Veda and the Atharva Veda, the Rig Veda written in 5000 BC being the main.
Each Veda consists of four parts – the Samhitas (hymns), the Brahmanas (rituals), the Aranyakas (theologies) and the Upanishads (philosophies). The Upanishads form the concluding portions of the Veda and therefore called the “Vedanta” or the end of the Veda and contains the essence of Vedic teachings.


The Vedas in its unchanged unabridged format in Sanskrit verses , have guided the Indian’s  religious direction for ages and will continue to do so till our sun goes supernova. The Rig-Veda is a ‘samhita’ or collection of mantras consists of 1,017 hymns ( ‘suktas’ ), covering about 10,600 stanzas, divided into eight ‘astakas’ each having eight ‘adhayayas’ ( chapters ), which are again sub-divided into various groups.


The seven primary Maharshi seers ( Sapta Rishis )  involved with the oral composition of the Vedas by divine channeling are rishis : Atri, Kanwa,Vashistha, Vishwamitra, Jamadagni, Gotama and Bharadwaja. This was an era of unbridled non-individuality. Knowledge was not patented , like what it is done now by narrow minds. It is such a disgrace that people like Isaac Newton ( Calculus ) , Nobel prize winner Herman Hesse ( philosophy ) and dozens of others became heroes of the current era by patenting stolen Vedic knowledge.


The whole of the West tried even to prove that Aryan invasion happened inwards, so that they could claim credit for writing the Vedas. In this DNA age, all these fraudulent claims have been consigned to the dustbin of history.


These Vedic texts include hymns, liturgical instructions, and philosophical courses . The ancient Maharishi 11000 years ago , were Epistemologists whose theories deal with puzzles about the source, nature, foundation, scope, validity and limits of human knowledge.


Vedas show how ancient rishis experienced the divine reality and how they responded with exuberant joy, confidence and a feeling of intimacy. This literature is not rustic or primitive but highly developed in its literary form, in its intellectual insight, and in its questioning attitude. The glory of this vast literature is its imaginative and emotional qualities.


The Maharishis were experts in Metaphysics to determine the real nature of things—to determine the meaning, structure, and principles of whatever is in so far as it is-- with reality as a whole. It is a call to recognize the existence and overwhelming importance of a set of higher realities that ordinary men could not deduce--the science of ultimate reality , as opposed to appearance or the contrast between appearance and reality . A cloud appears to consist of some white, fleecy substance, although in reality it is a concentration of drops of water.


It is the study and science of first principles or ultimate irrefutable truths. The two descriptions of the subject would thus be two sides of a single coin. Scientific theories can be brought to the test of experience, whereas metaphysical theories cannot.  The Vedic metaphysician was a sort of super scientist, unlimited in his curiosity and gifted with a capacity for putting together other people's findings with a skill and imagination that none of them individually commands. He can refute by debate, through a method for systematic evaluation of definitions


The Indian rishis were the first to engage their great minds in dialectics in philosophy—the  method of investigating the nature of truth by the criticism of initial concepts and hypotheses—all in the most peaceful natural surroundings  .The ancient Indian Vedic dialectic is based on a dialogue between two or more rishis , master or student - people who may hold differing views, yet wish to pursue truth by seeking agreement with one another. 
This is in contrast to debate, in which two or more people hold differing views and wish to persuade or prove one another wrong (and thus a jury or judge is needed to decide the matter), or rhetoric, which is a relatively long monologue oration conducted by a single stupid person.

The Vedas are not puerile babblings of rustic troubadours or minstrels , but sedate out-pourings of exceptionally sharp and graceful minds in quest of truth .  Like indestructible diamonds of brilliant fire they have come down 11000 years in spotless perfection, with no need to be revised or abridged, to suit the modern era.  


From the Vedas evolved the Upanishads, whose copious enquiries into the nature of man, the Universe, and God, strike the intelligent and high IQ modern scientific mind with speechless wonder.  Vedas are verses written in the most digitally perfect language in the world, Sanskrit, with a scientific alphabet and perfected vocabulary, and a grammar which is itself a great work of art.

The Vedic seers , propounded six systems of philosophy explaining man, universe, and God, before which Aristotle's and Plato's theories look like juvenile endeavors. They discovered the Earth's rotatory and revolutionary motions, and studied the courses of constellations and stars, and founded the twin sciences of astronomy and astrology.


They probed the human anatomy , and perfected a system of medicine for the holistic welfare of the body, evolved the science of Yoga for the health of the mind, and the Tantra Shastra to develop the psychic and esoteric forces latent in man's being. They brought out Dharma Sastras to guide man's conduct in society, Grihya Sutras to guide the conduct of house-holders, and a unique science, Meemamsa, prescribing bloodless sacrificial lore for the attainment of individual and national prosperity.


They codified the laws of sanitation, town-planning, architecture, sculpture and enunciated the principles of classical music, dancing, and the art of love. They laid down principles of state-craft, and of the art of war, with human and animal strategy, with physical weapons, or shastras, and enchanted weapons or astras.



For example here is the Vedic set of rules for war termed Dharma Yuddha -

      Fighting must begin no earlier than sunrise and end exactly at sunset.

      Multiple warriors may not attack a single warrior.

      Two warriors may “duel”, or engage in prolonged personal combat, only if they carry the same weapons and they are on the same mount (no mount, a horse, an elephant, or a chariot).

      No warrior may kill or injure a warrior who has surrendered.

      One who surrenders becomes a prisoner of war and will then be subject to the protections of a prisoner of war.

       No warrior may kill or injure an unarmed warrior.

       No warrior may kill or injure an unconscious warrior.

       No warrior may kill or injure a person or animal not taking part in the war.

       No warrior may kill or injure a warrior whose back is turned away.

      No warrior may attack a woman.

      No warrior may strike an animal not considered a direct threat.

     The rules specific to each weapon must be followed. For example, it is prohibited to strike below the waist in mace warfare.

     Warriors may not engage in any “unfair” warfare.


The Sanskrit language came from the 12 strand DNA of Vedic seers , with king size pineal glands who inhabited the banks of the river . Sanskrit has a construct like geometry in cymatics and can be digitalised. It is possible to make conscious computers if this language is adapted to computers who use water instead of Silicon with organic wiring . It can be adapted to Backus-Naur Form grammar that is used to describe modern programming languages today.


The Vedic Maharishis had beautiful geometrical fractal minds, and could see even numerical problems as fractals. The principles of sound harmonics of Vedic verses works precisely and consistently . The way words unfold from their seed forms is amazing. The mathematical precision throughout the language gives Sanskrit verses its extraordinary power . There is a direct link between the sound and signs, it is phonetic.


The writing of Sanskrit language is based on the sound of the spoken form. Sanskrit has no spelling, nor there are any silent letters . There is logic in its sound system, and a natural continuity in its word-making as well as sentence-making.  Sanskrit sentence structure is flexible, it gives no importance to syntax. The order of words in a sentence does not matter.


There is a vibration or resonance in the sounds of Sanskrit . The Vedic chants represent the most amazing celebration of life that has ever been created. The joy and wonder in life which was felt by those early and vigorous peoples who sang the Vedas.


A language for Vedic mantras ( scalar energy sounds ) which resonate your DNA with your Pineal gland and which trigger quantum tunneling in Aakasha  ( ZPF ) must be/have—Accurate expression, clear speech and perfect pronunciation,  have a meaning built into every word , have immense vocabulary, have precise golden ratio sound harmonics ( Fibonacci/ Sri Yantra ), must have fractal geometrical precision, must be phonetic—direct link between sound and signs, the longitudinal sounds must resonate the pineal gland, alphabets must form in cymatics or tonoscope when uttered, must not have proper nouns, and must have positive effect on the Chakras and Aura.




Who truly knows, who can honestly say where.

This universe came from

And where it will vanish to at the End?

Those godlike wise men who claim they know were born long

After the birth of Creation.

Who then could know where our universe really came from?

And whoever knows or does not know where Creation came from,

Only one gazing at its vastness from the very roof of the final Heaven

"Only such a one could possibly know,

But does even He know? "

- Rig Veda - 129.6. 7


The Sanskrit word for philosophy is darshan or 'seeing', which implies that Sanatana Dharma is  is grounded firmly on human consciousness and perception. Vedas introduced Consciousness , the most valuable thing on this planet , to Western philosophical thought. The Vedas are considered to be eternal, without beginning and end as they represent the divine truth itself as perceived through the elevated consciousness of great seers.


Vedas teach us that creation is without beginning or end. Science has proved to us that the sum total of cosmic energy is always the same.  The ancient Vedic rishis in all their wisdom said as early as 9000 BC , that our universe is not woven from  matter but consciousness. These seers and channels said,  that the universal laws are clear, your attitude about your life will shape it , that Matter, energy and consciousness are interchangeable.  


Consciousness is the intelligence, the organising principle behind the arising of form, unlike what Darwin says . The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention and desire.  Consciousness is the  intelligent force that started the blueprint which ultimately manifested itself as a particular form. There is a consciousness in every molecule of matter.  All atoms in the entire universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms. The expanded abilities of self awareness is abstract reasoning, free will, creativity, foresight etc.  


Our modern culture is oriented towards reducing one’s self awareness rather than expanding it. After the ancient Vedic rishis, it is the flower children ( hippies ) of the sixties , who took on big brother and tried to expand it.  On the subatomic level—mind is over matter. The brain and DNA is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology.  Scalar waves ( made famous by Nikola Tesla ) is the point of fundamental intersection where matter and consciousness  influence each other

Vedic scriptures may be classified into two divisions: Sruti scriptures and Smriti scriptures. Sruti in Sanskrit means "that which is heard." . Sruti include the Vedas (Rig, Yajur, Sama and Atharva) and the Bhagavad Gita

Thus the Vedas are the eternal truths that the Vedic seers, called rishis, are said to have heard during their deep meditations. The Vedas are not considered the works of the human mind, but an expression of what has been realized through intuitive perception by Vedic rishis, who had powers to see beyond the physical phenomena.  At a later date, after 4000 years of oral transmission from master to pupil, in 5000 BC , these were compiled by Sage Vyasa for the benefit of future generations.

To the Hindu, Shruti is what cannot be thought up by the limited human intellect, but is of divine origin.  It is what is forever valid, never changes, is not dependent on the limited capacity for understanding of any one historical person or human founder . The Hindu for this reason is proud not to need a historical founder. The founder and foundation of the Vedas and the Upanishads is the Supreme  force itself, is what is indestructible and timeless.


The Vedic revelations are so cosmic that they approach more closely the findings of modern quantum physics and astronomy than the pious pronouncements of rabid preachers. The rishis made claims so cosmic that even modern physics seems only to be catching up with them and realizing, after every scientific breakthrough, that the ancients were there long before them.

Smriti means "that which is remembered." Smriti scriptures are derived from the Vedas and are considered to be of human origin and not of divine origin. They were written to explain and elaborate the Vedas, making them understandable and more meaningful to the general population. All authoritative writings outside the Vedas are collectively referred to as Smriti. Smriti include the Dharma Shastras, Nibhandas, Puranas, The Epics, Agamas or Tantras, Darshanas and Vedangas (Upa Vedas).

The Vedas  are the world's oldest intellectual legacies. They are the only composition in the universe invested with Divine origin, and hence divine sanctity. They have been heirlooms of the Hindus from generation to generation for the past 11000 years. The Vedas are the discoveries of the laws of nature, the world and the beings living in it and the Ultimate Truth. They are called apauruseya grantha (authorless works) .

Vedas record the spiritual experiences of souls strongly endowed with the sense for reality. They are held to be authoritative on the ground that they express the experiences of the experts in the field of religion. The Vedas bring together different ways in which the religious-minded of that era experienced reality and describe the general principles of religious knowledge and growth. The experiences themselves are of a varied character, so their records are many-sided (visvatomukham) or 'suggestive of many interpretations' (anekarthatam).

The Vedas are the quintessence of classical Hindu philosophy. Thinking with your heart; loving with your mind. All yoga and meditation aim to attain this goal. Anything else is Maya delusion, or worse.  And when the heart sees, it sees the unknowable, nameless, formless, limitless, supreme God. He is called the nonexistent because he is eternal, beyond existence. God manifest is the fabric of creation itself. They are one.  They explain the nature of the universe, of life, while admitting that Creation itself is the one unknowable mystery.

To the Vedic sages, creation indicated that point before which there was no Creator, the line between indefinable nothingness and something delineated by attributes and function, at least. Like the moment before the Big Bang Theory. These concepts preoccupy high wisdom, the Truth far removed from mere religion.

The Vedas are the inspired utterances of a whole galaxy of realized souls, of spiritual geniuses, of people not merely well versed intellectually but with spiritual enlightenment.



Guigualt : "The Rig Veda is the most sublime conception of the great highways of humanity."

Max Muller : "In the history of the world, the Veda fills a gap which no literary work in any other language can fill."

Henry David Thoreau : What extracts from the Vedas I have read fall on me like the light of a higher and purer luminary, which describes a loftier course through purer stratum. It rises on me like the full moon after the stars have come out, wading through some far stratum in the sky."

Alfred North Whitehead :  "Vedanta is the most impressive metaphysics the human mind has conceived."

J. Robert Oppenheimer :  Access to the Vedas is the greatest privilege this century may claim over all previous centuries.


Arthur Schopenhauer : "From every sentence the Vedas deep, original and sublime thoughts arise, and the whole is pervaded by a high and holy and earnest spirit...."In the whole world there is no study so beneficial and so elevating as that of the Upanishads. They are destined sooner or later to become the faith of the people. It has been the solace of my life -- it will be the solace of my death."
 

Ralph Waldo Emerson: "The Vedas haunt me. In them I have found eternal compensation, unfathomable power, unbroken peace."

Ralph Waldo Emerson : "I owed a magnificent day to the Bhagavad-Gita. It was as if an empire spoke to us, nothing small or unworthy, but large, serene, consistent, the voice of an old intelligence which in another age and climate had pondered and thus disposed of the same questions which exercise us."


The collection of hymns and the immense mass of literature were preserved by means of oral tradition only. Vedic hymns are used today at Hindu wedding ceremonies, and temple and school prayers  in an astonishing example of continuous tradition. The feat of memorizing and handing down a vast amount of oral literature is a hallmark of Hinduism.


The Rig Veda manuscripts have been selected for inscription in UNESCO's "Memory of the World" Register 2007



 





Upanishads

While the Vedas look outward in reverence and awe of the phenomenal world, the Upanishads look inward,  finding the powers of nature only an expression of the more awe-inspiring powers of human consciousness. Vedas and Upanishads thus work in a Tamas Rajas ( Yin Yang ) way.

Its most famous formulation is one of the mahavakyas or “great formulae”:

Tat tvam asi, “You are That”.


The Chandogya Upanishad-- What does it mean? It means that you are none other than God. Who else is God, if not you?







Vedanta taught the technique of self-development. The ultimate destiny of man is to discover within himself the true Self as the changeless behind the changing, the eternal behind the ephemeral, and the infinite behind the finite. Greater wisdom was never compressed into three little words than by the Chandogya Upanishad which proclaimed the true Self of man as part of the Infinite Spirit - tat twam asi: "That Thou Art".
 



 

The above TAT TWAM ASI music is set to heavy psychedelic punk -- 

Now I would like you to reflect on how many millions of people were killed by Christianity and Islam -- reflect on the senseless Inquisitions and Crusades ordered by a middle man sitting in Vatican --with burnings on stake --

now put on the punk music video above --and read what  follows-- to get the feel.

Upanishads are the divine revelations received by ancient seers. The sages who gave them to us did not care to leave their names; the truths they set down were eternal, and the identity of those who arranged the words irrelevant.


They represent the essence of the Vedas, the greatest truths ever known to mankind. The Upanishads are humanity's most profound philosophical inquiry and the first perceptions of the unity of all, the oneness of man and God. The Upanishads are also called the Vedanta.

The literal meaning of Vedanta is 'the end of the Vedas.'  They were written down around 5000 BC, but conveyed by word of mouth from 9000 BC to 4000 BC. The basic teaching of the Upanishads is that the essence of all beings - from a leaf to the perfect human being - and all things is the Divine Spirit, called Brahman.


The Vatican has long tried to ridicule Hinduism by giving propaganda that a Shiva lingam is a penis set inside a vagina. A shiva lingam is a meteoric black stone and it represents Shiva’s Pineal Gland.  Our amazing Tantras were reduced to sex orgies. 

You cannot be a Hindu heretic , or get people burnt on the stake , because there is no standard set of dogmas in Hindu faith , written or unwritten, from which deviation could make you a heretic. Openness is the essence of Hinduism. Gratitude is inherent, which makes this religion noble . Example: A Hindu will never ever neglect his aged and vulnerable parents. 

Divorce rate within Hindus is the lowest in the world--it is a mindset . Marriage is NOT based on lust, but by sacred commitment of 7 pheras  around a holy fire. A true Hindu will not exploit vulnerability. Hinduism does not allow you to breach a trust. When a Hindu says "thank you", he really means it. When a Hindu greets you with a Namaste, he bows to the greatness in you. There is great tolerance to other cultures and spiritual paths.


The heart of Hinduism is oneness and inclusivity.. The Vedic rishis had stressed, there are many paths to the final goal. This is why Hinduism has a multiplicity of Gods and Goddesses. This is why Hinduism abjures all divides and separates. It happily embraces all different paths. Hinduism is a spiritual code.  Know thyself is the quintessence.  It has no founder or a Supreme head.  


There is NO supreme middleman like the Pope who can canonise a human into a saint, by giving bullshit, to the unsuspecting masses.  It is a movement based on principles or evolved over time code of  Dharma.  It is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations. Hinduism does NOT care for individual leadership or hierarchy.


Free from theology and dogma, the Upanishads remain the primary source of inspiration and guidance for millions of Hindus and non-Hindus alike. They have influenced many Western thinkers, including von Gothe, Arthur Schopenhauer, Ralph Waldo Emerson. 


The Upanishads are the concluding portions of the Vedas and the teachings based on them is called Vedanta. The Upanishads focus on philosophical questions such as the purpose of life, origin of the universe, concepts of time, space and matter, as well as concepts of atman, Brahman, maya, immortality, rebirth, karma, and the world.


According to our Indian tradition, there were once 1,180 Upanishads. Of the 108 Upanishads that have been preserved, the following thirteen are generally considered to be the principal Upanishads: The Isa, Katha, Kena, Prasna, Mundaka, Mandhukya, Chandogya, Brhadaranyaka, Taittiriya, Aitareya, Svetasvatara, Kaivalya and Maitri.


The Upanishads are known as the Vedanta, both because chronologically they come at the end of the Vedas and also because philosophically they represent the noblest upshot, the highest watermark of the Vedic civilization and genius. One meaning of the word Upanishad is to sit nearby. In the Indian tradition, the guru would be seated under a tree, near a river or lake, and one or more disciples would cluster around him to learnt he wisdom. They are the dialogues between guru and sisya—the teacher and student.


The Upanishads are the remarkable compositions, which contain sublime and philosophical speculations concerning the Universal Soul, and cosmic consciousness. The Upanishads declare that Karmas give us only perishable fruits and that jnana (knowledge) alone can lead to immortality.


The Upanishads tell us that there is a Reality underlying life which rituals cannot reach, next to which the things we see and touch in everyday life are shadows. They teach that this Reality is the essence of every created thing, and the same Reality is our real Self so that each of us is one with the power that created and sustains the universe. The Upanishads are not philosophy but are darshanas, “something seen” and therefore to be realized.


"As flowing rivers disappear into the sea, losing their name and form, thus a wise man, freed from name and form, goes to the divine person who is beyond all." - Mundaka Upanishad iii 2.


The Upanishads are crammed with thoughts that wander through eternity. Their message is that there is far more to life than success, and far more to success than money; and there can be no higher destiny for man than to be engaged in endless seeking after endless truth. They give  answers to the three  questions :

"Where is the life we have lost in living"
Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge?
Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?


The Rishis had repeatedly emphasized that the ultimate reality lies beyond the realms of the senses and the grey matter beneath our skulls. Hark again to the Upanishads:

"There the eye goes not

Speech goes not, nor the mind.

We know not, we understand not,

How would one teach it?"




One of the lessons of the Upanishads is that you must regard  "the universe as a thought in the mind of the Creator, thereby reducing all discussions of material creation to futility." The Upanishads teach that both space and time are endless or infinite. Modern science completely agrees.


The ancient Maharshis understood the staggering scale of the divine play. Many centuries later the scientific mind still boggles at the scale of creation which makes infinity intelligible. The Rishis clearly perceived that the most fundamental characteristic of this incomprehensible creation was that it was in a perpetual state of movement, flow and change. Lila is a rhythmic play which goes on in endless cycles, the One becoming the many and the many returning to the One.


Modern physics has come to the conclusion that mass is nothing but a form of energy. It would not be an exaggeration to say that the basis of the theory of relativity, and the space-time character of the universe, were perceived by the old Indian Rishis in their advanced stage of spiritual consciousness. In their state of higher consciousness they realized that the ultimate constituents of the universe - energy and mass, particle and wave, - were but different aspects of the same basic process, but the same Oneness which pervaded the entire universe.


Today science has relearned that lesson.  Science, in its most advanced stage, is closer to Vedanta than ever before. The intuition of Indian mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity.


It is in the Upanishads we find all the fundamentals that are central to Hinduism — the concepts of 'karma' (action), 'samsara' (reincarnation), 'moksha' (nirvana), the 'atman' (soul), and the 'Brahman' (Absolute Almighty). They also set forth the prime Vedic doctrines of self-realization, yoga and meditation.


The Upanishads are summits of thought on mankind and the universe, designed to push human ideas to their very limit and beyond. They give us both spiritual vision and philosophical argument, and it is by a strictly personal effort that one can reach the truth.



One of the oldest and longest of the Upanishads, the Brihadaranyaka ( 1.3.28 ) says: This was my school morning assembly prayer.

ॐ असतो मा सद्गमय ।
तमसो मा ज्योतिर्गमय ।
मृत्योर्मा अमृतं गमय ।
ॐ शान्तिः शान्तिः शान्तिः ॥
Om Asato Maa Sad-Gamaya |
Tamaso Maa Jyotir-Gamaya |
Mrtyor-Maa Amrtam Gamaya |
Om Shaantih Shaantih Shaantih ||
"From the unreal lead me to the real! 
From darkness lead me to light! 
From death lead me to immortality!"

 


The human being is the central mystery of the universe holding the key to all other mysteries. It was such a science that India sought and found in the Upanishads in an attempt to unravel the mystery of human beings and of consciousness.


The purpose of the Vedas was to ensure the true welfare of all beings, worldly as well as spiritually. Before such a synthesis could be achieved, there was a need to penetrate the inner worlds to its depth. This is what the Upanishads did with precision and gave us the science of the self, which helps man leave behind the body, the senses, the ego and all other non-self elements, which are perishable. The Upanishads tell us the great saga of this discovery — of the divine in the heart of man.


These Indian thinkers were not satisfied with their intellectual speculations. They discovered that the universe remained a mystery and the mystery only deepened with the advance of such knowledge, and one of the important components of that deepening mystery is the mystery of man and consciousness. The Upanishads became aware of this truth, which modern science now emphasizes.


In the Upanishads we get a glimpse into the workings of the minds of the great Indian thinkers who were unhampered by the tyranny of religious dogma, political authority, pressure of public opinion, seeking truth with single-minded devotion,  rare in the history of thought.




Max Muller : "None of our philosophers, including Heraclitus, Plato, Kant, or Hegel has ventured to erect such a spire, never to be frightened by storm or lightnings."


The physical and mental climate that made it possible is the land of plenty that was India. They had found leisure and peace to think and ask questions. They had the choice to utilize the leisure either to conquer the outer world or the inner. With their mental gifts, they had turned their mental energies to the conquest of the inner world rather than of the world of matter and life at the sensate level.


The Upanishads have given us a body of insights that have a universal quality about them and this universality derives from their impersonality. The sages who discovered them had depersonalized themselves in the search for truth.  Unlike modern Western philosophers who lift ideas and patent it in their names.


The rishis wanted to go beyond nature and realize the transcendental nature of man. They dared to take up this challenge and the Upanishads are the unique record of the methods they adopted, the struggles they undertook and the victory they achieved in this astonishing adventure of human spirit. And this is conveyed to us in verses of great resonance power and poetic charm. In seeking the immortal, the Vedic seers conferred the immortality upon the literature that conveyed it.


In the Upanishads we can study the graceful conflict of thought with thought, the emergence of more satisfactory thought and the rejection and unlearning of inadequate ideas. Hypotheses were advanced and rejected on the touchstone of experience and not at the dictate of a creed. Thus thought forged ahead to unravel the mystery of the world in which we live



H. G. Wells- "The history of India for many centuries had been happier, less fierce, and more dreamlike than any other history. In these favorable conditions, they built a character - meditative and peaceful and a "nation of philosophers such as could nowhere have existed except in India."


A. E. George Russell Poet, mystic:"The Upanishads contain such godlike fullness of wisdom on all things that I feel the authors must have looked with calm remembrance back through a thousand passionate lives, full of feverish strife for and with shadows, ere they could have written with such certainty of things which the soul feels to be sure."

Paul Deussen disciple of Arthur Schopenhauer:"Whatever may be the discoveries of the scientific mind, none can dispute the eternal truths propounded by the Upanishads. The Upanishads have tackled every fundamental problem of life. They have given us an intimate account of reality." "On the tree of wisdom there is no fairer flower than the Upanishads, and no finer fruit than the Vedanta philosophy,


Herman Hesse (1877-1962) German poet and novelist, awarded the Nobel Prize for literature in 1946 says: "The marvel of the Bhagavad-Gita is its truly beautiful revelation of life's wisdom which enables philosophy to blossom into religion."

Henry David Thoreau :: "In the morning I bathe my intellect in the stupendous and cosmogonal philosophy of the Bhagavad Gita in comparison with which our modern world and its literature seems puny."



11000 years ago—the lofty Vedas and Sanatana Dharma gave this planet :--

The consciousness of the double slit quantum experiment observer.

The principle of " mind over matter"

The principle of non-violence or Ahimsa..--and vegetarianism

Tamas Rajas ( Yin-Yang ) principle , of the cosmos

The unity in diversity of more than 3000 languages out of which 2000 exist even today--this is why there are so many Hindi gods--see video below.
 

 

Energy and matter is convertible E= MC2 ( formula used to end the 2nd world war with Nuclear bomb --localised in Hiroshima and Nagasaki )

( it goes further to E=T MC2 as in Vedic BRAHMASTRA, for faster than light Tesla Scalar Interferometry-- formula to start and end World War 3 -- AND TOTAL ANNIHILATION ).Where T is 'delta T ' or change of time. When scalar beams hurtle through hyperspace the flow of time gets redirected temporarily.

That biological internet DNA which holds the intelligent force , cannot be destroyed.--to hell with Darwin

Zero point field, The Akasha or Ether and Scalar waves.

The Schuman resonance of 7.83 Hz or OM which triggers quantum tunneling and opens wormholes. The MMMM humming of OM king mantra boosts the production of Nitric Oxide in the body. This was documented 7000 years ago.
The Sri Yantra which contains the elusive theory of everything--which is the FRACTAL geometric design of the universe, or the universal mind.

Yoga

Multitude of Seers and sages, who have contributed to mankind.

The miraculous powers of MUDRA and Nadi channeling.

Ayurveda-- the holistic medicine

Sanskrit, the worlds oldest written language-- the only unambiguous computer language suitable for N-GRAM NLP and AskMSR

Mathematics of Aryabhatta in 2700 BC

Astronomy 8000 years ago

Quantum butterfly effect of a bloodless sacrifice of breaking a coconut with intention.

Prayer

Tesla's Resonance and CV Raman's Soliton

Expanding and imploding VORTEX mercury gyroscope concept of VIMANAS.

Explanation of the Holographic nature of the universe--where every part is a whole.

Reprogramming and healing DNA blueprint with Mantras and Scalar longitudinal waves

That matter is created by vibrations.
The inwards BINDU singularity, balancing the outwards big-bang via Tamas-Rajas or Yin-Yang ( Sri yantra centre spot ).

World's oldest architecture based on Sri Yantra vaastu in the form of majestic temples and Egyptian pyramids .





 

Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older. Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for Guru Brihaspati. .  Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan war where Helen was stolen.
Several people came to India to get a cure for epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights. 

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician. 

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract. 

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang thing--
- but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1 mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before  Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the same thing via advanced Calculus. 

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years before Pythagoras  was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .  And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh  Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below. 

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. 

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge .

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.
So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff. 

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) . 

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale.
The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the west.  

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics ( magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.    

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus, however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever. 

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death.
Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).
*******************************************************************************
IE IRODOV , A TRIBUTE TO A RUSSIAN PROFESSOR- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


IGOR EVGENYEVICH IRODOV-  A BEAUTIFUL MIND 

When my elder son was preparing for various entrance exams while doing his 12th standard, the books authored by IE. Irodov took pride of place on his desk.







Today I punched in IE Irodov and found that not even a photograph of this brilliant Russian exists on the Internet. 

Wikipedia has ignored him. Probably because he is a Russian Commy?

IE Irodov would have been worshipped by Wikipedia if he was a American Jew.

So just to check out the standards , I punched into Google the name of a bimbette Anushka Sharma--whose only claim to beauty is a fair skin. 

Yes indeed! Wikipedia has written a good account of this chudiyal lookin' and behavin' woman.



Above : The THIN LIPPED beauty ( you can grate a coconut on her upper lip -GRATE-GRATE -- shows how much we value blue veins on legs and pale white complexion.

BELOW: EVER HEARD OF PLASTIC ?

 


So what is beauty?

Wikipedia says- 


QUOTE:-- “Beauty is a characteristic of a person, animal, place, object, or idea that provides a perceptual experience of pleasure, meaning, or satisfaction.The experience of ‘beauty’ often involves the interpretation of some entity as being in balance and harmony with nature, which may lead to feelings of attraction and emotional well-being. Because this is a subjective experience, it is often said that ‘beauty is in the eye of the beholder.. A subject of beauty is anything that resonates with personal meaning” UNQUOTE 

I see beauty in a sunset. 



I see beauty in a Gian Lorenzo Bernini marble statue--hardly anybody knows this man--everybody knows Michael Angelo.




I see beauty in the mind and work of IE Irodov. 



There are very few Physicists who can come near this Russian's stature in the field of Physics.


Ask any student in India who has sat for IIT entrance exams, what they think of IE Irodov.



Since 2006- they have reduced the "thinking capability" test in IIT of 15 minute problem solving which require IE Irodov type OUT OF THE BOX thinking , and has gone more towards " clear concepts " of short time 4 minute objective type question. 







My elder son used to say " It may take a couple of hours to solve a tough IE Irodov numerical problem--and it gives you great joy when you finally crack it.  You need a good grasp of N.Piskunov's Calculus "



IE Irodov's numerical problems in Physics are the most complex and trickiest of its type-- much harder than Resnick and Halliday --for he combines multiple concepts of Physics..





People may ask me " Captain, why waste your time on Irodov?"



I will tell them " There are mice and men on the Internet-- mostly the former category on Wikipedia. Irodov belongs to the latter category--


-- My blog site exists to bury some propped up mice and exhume some real buried men !"

Igor Yevgenyevich Irodov (Russian: Игорь Евгеньевич Иродов; 16 November 1923 in Murom - 22 October 2002) , whose books are the prescribed practice material for national and International Physics Olympiads. 

Igor Irodov was born in Murom, Vladimir Oblast, RSFSR. In 1931 his family moved to Moscow. Igor Irodov served in the Soviet Army during the World War II between 16 October 1941 and 23 November 1945.  In 1946 he was admitted to Moscow Engineering Physics Institute.  Igor Irodov received his Kandidat of Physical and Mathematical Sciences degree from Moscow Engineering Physics Institute in 1954. 

Igor Irodov was a faculty member of the Moscow Engineering Physics Institute since that time until his death. Since 1977 he was a Professor of the "General Physics" chair.  He spent 27 years of his life creating a full course of General Physics.




Above : A genius who graced planet earth , who made a real dent in this universe -  who died UNSUNG ! We , the world citizens honor you!  RIP, sir !
*******************************************************************************
THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

GLOBAL WARMING HOAX AND POLITICS ---

--  A LIE OF Y2K PROPORTIONS --
THE INNER BILDERBERG CLUB AGENDA



All must be wondering-- why is the current generation of Rothschild is lying so low? -- find out yourself--

 

What qualifies me to write on such a subject?


Well I have been a sailor for nearly 4 decades, and seen the planet for myself. I am in the chemical field carrying modern FAME Biodiesels and Bio Alcohols.


I am better qualified than President Al Gore—who got the Nobel prize for giving bull about Global warming—or even Dr.Rajendra Pachauri who is an Economist and a Ex-Indian Railways engineer.


Vide several of my posts in my blogsite I had in the past ridiculed the “ Green house gas theory” of Zionist Jew Edmund De Rothschild and his stooge Maurice Strong.





The IPCC (The UN International Climate Change Panel) was fathered in 1988 by the couple Rothschild- Maurice Strong, who was head of the Rio Summit and the UN Environment Program (UNEP).




As early as 1972 Rothschild had used Maurice Strong in the UNCHE conference at Stockholm to lay the foundations of this giant greenhouse gas hoax. Such was the blue print-- The arrogant Arabs and their fossil fuels must be put on the back burner. The developing world must NOT be allowed to use their reserves of coal.


Our Zionist companies with produce and sell Biofuel. We will even form a EU and decide which all black sheep countries must stop producing food and start producing Biofuel plants like Japtropha.


I had said derisively vide several posts that probably cows fart and belch more Methane , that all the CO2 emission scares. Most of the earth's methane is produces from rotting vegetation or in the earth's crust, cow fart made methane is so minuscule it's negligent. Tons of methane just bubbles up out of the ocean floor. Cow produced methane is small compared to vegetation because plants far exceed animal mass.


Had not IPCC said by 2035 Himalayan glaciers would disappear and the seas would rise in level, sinking Mumbai?—what thrash , what nonsense!!

This bullshit was given so that future giants India, China and Brazil could be arm twisted into slowing down their development. False propaganda was churned out to achieve political aims in the direction of world government, corporate income increase, and global redistribution of wealth.


You must remember that Dr.Pachauri is in the board of Rockfeller Foundation , which is basically Rothschild money. Yeah, the same money in the NGO foundations of Anna Hazare’s team.  Magsaysay awards to Kiran Bedi, Sisodia and Kejriwal are from Rockfeller foundation.  No wonder they will support the Global warming theory, along with Nobel prize winner economist Amartya Sen, whose wife is Rothschild.

Poorer countries under the leadership of BRICS rejected the 2009 Copenhagen climate agreement precisely because it discriminated against developing and poor nations.They saw through the evil designs–that developed nations would take on less of a burden .


“The IPCC like any UN body is political. The final conclusions are politically driven”- BRICS said.

More would be demanded of poorer countries despite the fact that any further cuts in CO2 emissions would further cripple their flimsy economies and poverty-stricken people. They saw through the hidden agenda , that funds from climate financing, originally allocated to go to the UN and then be doled out piecemeal to third world nations.


Instead the funds would be paid directly into the coffers of the World Bank and IMF, organizations ( managed by Rothschilds ) that have made a habit out of looting poorer countries with crippling loans that cannot be paid back. This forces such countries to hand over their entire infrastructure to globalist loan sharks.

Had not , the Obama administration, firmly supported by Al Gore (on orders from Rothschilds), last year given a fiat to World Bank to prevent “developing”countries from building coal-fired power plants. This ensures poorer countries will continue in poverty as a result of energy demands not being met. Preventing poor nations from becoming self-sufficient in blocking them from producing their own energy, meant that millions more will die from starvation—who cares?.


Desperately poor African delegates expostulated . We don’t see how a solar panel is going to power a steel industry … We are being told, ‘Don’t touch your resources. Don’t touch your oil. Don’t touch your coal.’ That is suicide.”



Holding back poor countries and preventing them from developing their infrastructure in the name of reducing CO2 emissions is worsening poverty exponentially. This is the ultimate form of racism – economic terrorism against poor black people – such was the game the inner Bilderberg Club.–for which they used Al Gore, and gave him a Nobel prize too.


Jewish company DOW who refuses to compensate the Bhopal MDI gas disaster victims, is a big player in this new game of Biodiesel—all in the name of saving this planet from CO2 emissions.


SHAME ON BRITIAN -- SHAME ON 

THE OLYMPIC COMMITTEE-- 

FOR GOING AGAINST THE "SPIRIT OF OLYMPICS" , BY TAKING SPONSORSHIP MONEY FROM THE (AGENT ORANGE / BHOPAL TRAGEDY ) BLOOD STAINED AND UNREMORSEFUL HANDS OF DOW -- 

FAIRPLAY AND HONOUR?  WHAT 

A FUC#ING JOKE !!






DOW produces Biodiesel and Biofuels, they make the deadly pesticides and poisonous fertilizers to keep the plant crop healthy. Who cares for the poisoned mother earth of poor countries? Al Gore and George Soros are huge investors in Biodiesel.


"Producing biodiesel fits our existing asset base, as well as Dow's commitment to be part of the solution for climate change." –screams DOW via the Rothschild held media.





"DOW's global reputation for manufacturing excellence coupled with our rigorous attention to high-quality biodiesel production results in a win-win , for consumers and the environment," lisps Gene Gebolys, founder and president of World Energy. 
.
So poor countries must grow plants to power the cars of the rich Western man , right? Let the poor black man starve , and spoil his fertile lands !


Who says Biodiesels are better than fossil fuels? What about Nitrous oxides released by the Nitrogen based fertilisers which are used for the plant crop?

And who says that Planet earth is so sensitive to CO2 emissions caused by fossil fuels? Who is so fuc#ing stupid?


Water vapor is 95% of the greenhouse gases, CO2 is 3.618% and man made CO2 is even more miniscule, only 0.117%. CO2 molecules in the atmosphere are so diffuse that is impossible for CO2 to cause global warming.



All plants and animals either absorb or emit carbon, you exhale CO2, you become the enemy of the planet by the very act of breath—may be that is why Bilderberg Club wants all lesser races dead?



When you open a carbonated soda bottle, as soon as the seal is broken CO2 immediately fizzes out of solution because of the sudden pressure decrease and soon finds equilibrium with atmospheric pressure. As the liquid warms, the CO2 concentration rapidly drops and the soda goes flat. It is the same with the ocean and troposphere equilibrium, atmospheric CO2 levels are only responding to the gigantic mass of CO2 dissolved in seawater.




The ocean is a giant CO2 capacitor that discharges and charges based on temperature and pressure fluctuations. 





The earth is covered with water . The atmosphere so ladened with water vapor that it rains often, and the CO2 gets washed from the air or CO2 absorbed by rocks is then washed into the ocean.


MARINE ALGAE pythoplanktons remain on surface of sea ( they need sunlight ) gulp fantastic amounts of carbon di oxide and release oxygen. 



They remove carbon dioxide and convert it to organic carbon . When carbon di oxide is more in the air than in the water it diffuses into the water and vice versa. 




Carbon dioxide causes warming because it heats up more when exposed to sunlight compared to other atmospheric gases.





Under the sea floor exist carbonate rocks which decompose because of crustal temperatures and vast amounts of carbon di oxide accumulate and from time to time they erupt due to certain factors. Sudden release in the Bermuda triangle has caused many mysterious occurrences and yellow fog. The static charge can affect the central nervous system and cause unconsciousness.



Cosmic rays ,which, unlike carbon emissions, cannot be controlled by human activity, have a much larger impact on climate change than The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) claims.


IPCC says that“greenhouse gases” absorb infrared (IR) energy and cause warming. So what? It is re radiated to free space as soon as it is absorbed. The notion that the colder air above can radiate energy back to heat the warmer air below violates the 2nd Law of Thermodynamics. Heat flows spontaneously from a higher to a lower temperature, never the reverse, and that too downwards.


If greenhouse warming were presently occurring you would get more warming in the troposphere, because greenhouse gases trap heat from escaping the atmosphere in the troposphere. However, that is just not the case. The data collected from satellites and weather balloons show that the earth is in fact warmer than the atmosphere. This evidence damns the theory of greenhouse effect upon climate through CO2.

Does this bullshit theory of high altitude CO2 absorption of sun radiation and transferring it to the earth surface miles below, hold water?


Will not Global warming increase evaporation from oceans placing more moisture in the atmosphere , thus increasing the precipitation potential.

Solar activity is the most accurate way of predicting climate changes on earth.

So combating CO2 the cause of a non-existent global warming - needs money (poor mans’money)—and so Rothschild founded the World Conservation Bank for this reason. In 1991 its name was changed to The Global Environment Facility (GEF). The purpose of this facility is to lend money to the poorest countries, printed by the Rothschild run IMF out of thin air, and with the guarantee of our governments.

The facility takes wilderness areas with mineral riches as security. The GEF money is then to flow back to third world governments as reimbursement for paid loans. When a desperately poor country having famine cannot repay loans to the GEF it must give up a piece of its territory to the Rothschild banks (GEF, IMF, World Bank).


If land cannot be offered as collateral the country must starve.  Rothschild´s greed was such that he had his GEF smuggled into the UN system at the Rio UN Summit in 1992 by his stooge, Maurice Strong.




So now high-ranking ministers from 179 countries are in the the council of the bank – watching Rothschild and the inner Bilderberg club, grabbing the world!

The GEF is to manage the money just promised to the developing countries in Copenhagen (100 billion dollars a year from 2020 - 30 bn over the next 3 years) with the help of the World Bank. Zionist bankers are now joining the race of certain governments (China, Saudi Arabia), to buy up large areas of farmland in developing countries, having the crops transported back to the home countries.

This leaves the locals, already starving, with much less crops available - with food prices rising rapidly - which is exactly Rothschild’s expectation. This makes people flee from Africa to Europe. Food prices have doubled in the past year or so .This is the ultimate goal of Bilderberg Club’s New World Order.


 It is high time that the common man wakes up to the greedy games of the INNER Bilderberg group. The environment is a means to further the Agenda through imaginary cooked up problem- immediate knee jerk reaction- instant solution.


If you are looking to impose global‘solutions’ you need global ‘problems’ and the environment is perfect for that. It allows you to pass international laws and create centralized, global NGO organizations with “shoot to kill powers” to police them. 


It allows you to move native peoples from their ancient lands to create wildlife parks and‘conservation’ areas all over the world, particularly Africa and the Americas, which then come under your centralized control.
It gives you footholds in strategic areas from which you can launch your own environment watch NGO‘freedom fighters’ to start civil wars.


HAARP who microwaves and incises the ionosphere is the major culprit. HAARP disrupts the entire electromagnetic shield of the planet affecting the biosphere. Our planet is surrounded by a layer of electrically charged particles called the ionosphere. The lower layer of the ionosphere is roughly 60-80 kilometres from the crust, and this charged layer reflects radio waves. Bombardment by HAARP signals "pushes" out this boundary layer, thus altering the natural, pulsating rhythm.



The ionosphere is an active electrical UV shield which protects the biosphere from the constant bombardment of high-energy radiation and particles from space.

Since the ionosphere is a highly charged layer, it forms a so-called capacitor with the Earth. This means that there is a difference in electrical potential between the two, the Earth being negatively charged and the ionosphere being positively charged. This potential varies somewhat, but is around 200 volts per metre. 

This is a fundamental type of electrical generator. The solar winds, interacting with the upper atmosphere rotation, act as the collector and brushes of a generator. The lower atmosphere can be seen as a storage battery for this gradient potential. With the earth's "pulse" rate rising, and her magnetic field strength, declining., the field has lost most of its intensity . 




The ionospheric dynamo configuration is fixed to the sun, while the earth rotates beneath it with a current of about 140kA flowing. The rotating current and the conducting earth behave like a huge transformer with the dynamo region as the primary winding and the electrically conducting earth as the secondary winding.


The disruption of the earth's internal dynamo, and the disruption / alteration of the upper atmospheric magnetic belts (which constitute the external part of the earth's natural dynamo system) is not good for this planet.



The HAARP pulse has two primary components. The pre-heat megawatt pulse is aimed straight upwards from the HAARP facility at the ionosphere, where it interacts with electrons, protons or ionized parts of atoms like oxygen, ozone, or nitrogen. Normally randomly moving particles in the near-vacuum of space become part of the atmosphere. When the pulse hits they become super-excited to 300,000 kilometers per second. Striking the atmosphere, they are ionized.

Ions suddenly increase, and hit other atoms creating the "ionospheric heating."





HAARP can be used to disable the magnetosphere which protects the earth from solar wind.  In 2012 end , the sun is awaking from a deep slumber. This can knock off power grids and cause panic and economic downturn.
The weather patterns are NOT the same anymore, all over the planet. Previously at sea the temperate latitude depressions gave max 8 metres of wave height. Now we have 15 mtrs,-- such high waves and swell are associated with hurricanes and typhoons


 

Yeah-- we must NOT believe in lies and hoaxes spread on Internet!--  We must believe BIG BROTHER run corporate media and TV. 



 

Alternative energy solutions pushed by the Big Brother establishment, such as hydrogen, biomass and even nuclear are highly insufficient, dangerous and exist only to perpetuate the profit-structure that industry has created.




Inflation is a constant in the economy, for new money is always needed to help cover the perpetual deficit built into the system, caused by the  need to pay the interest.  With a ten dollar deposit, 10% or 1 dollar is held as the required reserve, while the other 9 dollars is considered an excessive reserve and can be used as the basis for new loans, right?.

Wrong!

This 9 dollars  does NOT come out of  the existing 10 dollars deposit.. The truth is the 9 dollars is simply created out of thin air by the Rothschild Zionist bankers , on top of the existing 10 dollar deposit. This is how the money supply is expanded. 


The only way to keep the banks going is by making more money. The only way to make more money is to create more debt and inflation. It is simply a matter of time before the tables turn and no one is willing to make new loans while defaults grow as people are unable to afford their current loans.


The IMF and the World Bank managed by Rothschild put a country in debt, and it’s such a big debt it can’t pay it, and then you offer to refinance the debt and pay even more interest. And you demand this quid pro quo which you call ‘conditionality’ or ‘toeing the line governance’ which means basically that they’ve gotta sell off their resources, including many of their social services, their utility companies, their school systems sometimes, their penal systems, their insurance systems, to foreign corporations.   Citibank, JP Morgan Chase, and Bank of America are the most powerful controllers within the US Federal Reserve system


The process of manipulation by the Corporatocracy through the use of debt, bribery and political overthrow is called Globalization. Just as the Federal Reserve keeps the American public in a position of indentured servitude, though perpetual debt, inflation and interest. The World Bank and IMF serve this role on a global scale.


Free market capitalism in the form of free trade, uses debt to imprison the world and manipulate countries into subservience to a handful of large business and political powers


The basic scam is simple--put a country in debt you divide is own in digression, or through corrupting the leader of that country, then impose “conditionalities” or “structural adjustment policies” .


What is currency devaluation. When the value of a currency drops, so does everything valued in it. This makes indigenous resources available to predator countries at a fraction of their worth.


What is large funding cuts for social programs. These usually include education and health care, compromising the well-being and integrity of the society leaving the public vulnerable to exploitation.


What is privatization of state-owned enterprises. This means that socially important systems can be purchased and regulated by foreign corporations for profit.


What is trade liberalization or the opening up of the economy through removing any restrictions on foreign trade. This allows for a number of abusive economic manifestations, such as transnational corporations bringing in their own mass-produced products undercutting the indigenous production and ruining local economies.


The World is being taken over by a hand-full of business powers who dominate the natural resources we need to live, while controlling the money we need to obtain these resources. The end result will be world monopoly based not on human life but financial and corporate power. And, as the inequality grows, naturally, more and more people are becoming desperate. 



So the establishment was forced to come up with a new way to deal with anyone who challenges the system. So they gave birth to the term terrorist—who tries tomeddle with Big Brother’s comfort zone.


The term ‘terrorist’ is an empty distinction designed for any person or group that chooses to challenge the big brother and his establishment. Actually the true  terrorists of our world, wear 8000 dollar suits, and work in the highest positions of Zionist banking. monetary system has become so distorted that the concerns of the people are really secondary.


Is democracy really possible in a modern  monetary based economy?.


“We can either have democracy in this country or we can have great wealth concentrated in the hands of a few, but we can’t have both.” – Louis Brandeis, Supreme Court Justice.


In the US monetary system, there is no such thing as a true democracy, and there never was. We have two political parties Republicans and Democrats owned by the same set of corporate lobbyists. They are place into their positions by the corporations, with popularity artificially projected by their media. In a system of inherent corruption the change of personnel every couple of years has very little relevance


When an industry takes on machines instead of shortening the work day, they downsize. You loose your job. So you have a right to fear machines Humans need jobs in order to survive. The bottom line is that this system must go, or we will never be free.


Virtually all forms of crime are a consequence of the monetary system either directly or by neurosis inflicted through financial deprivation.  In the United States, the most privatized capitalist country on the planet, has the largest prison population in the world. Growing every year.


Statistically, most of these people are uneducated and come from poor deprived societies. And contrary to propaganda, it is this environmental conditioning which lures them into criminal and violent behavior. However, society looks the other way in regard to this point.


Billions are spent each year on prisons and police, while only a fraction is spent on programs for poverty, which is one of the most fundamental variables responsible for crime to begin with. And as long as we have an economic system which prefers and in fact creates scarcity and deprivation, crime will never go away

Is it not amazing to note how seemingly unknown personalities magically appear on the scene as US presidential candidates.  How many of you know that the people placed on the US ballot are done so because they have been pre-decided to be acceptable by the deep- established financial powers who actually run the show.

What is scarcity? It’s based on keeping products valuable. Slowing up production on oil raises the price. Maintaining scarcity of diamonds keeps the price high.


You will be amazed as to how much grain, vegetables, meat and milk are just dumped by first world countries , instead of feeding the starving millions.  You’re not born with bigotry, and greed, and corruption, and hatred.  You pick that up within this modern society.

          
Everybody had been wondering why the current generation of Rothschild has stopped all their covert games. Oh no! They upstaged all their ancestors with the HOAX of the millennium. GLOBAL WARMING DUE TO GREEN HOUSE GASES . This would make poor countries rich in natural energy like coal and hydrocarbons buy biodiesel and alternate from Rothschild's companies in European countries who have NOTHING in their country— just unfertile , no mineral , no energy wasteland.


The Anti-wall street protests you see is due to the common man waking up. He is no longer willing to be a slave to the Rothschild's Zionist financial system and watch the continuous wars, depressions and injustice across the globe while placating himself  with vain entertainment and materialistic garbage. Have you seen the way the British go for EPL soccer matches to get a brief dose of numbing Opium , to forget the grind.  Have you seen the poor sections of Yanks runnin' to heavy rock concerts?.

The tendency to resist change and uphold existing institutions for the sake of identity, comfort, power and profit is completely unsustainable,  and will only produce further imbalance, fragmentation, distortion, and very invariably destruction.



We need to focus our energies on true, meaningful, holistic and lasting change which has the realistic ability to support and free all humans -- with no one left behind, on this planet.




I have been at sea for the past 4 decades – and this is my observation. 

There was no discernible rise in aggregate global temperatures or sea levels for the past 4 decades.

Green house gases causing Global Warming is a BIG LIE,  so that rich countries without natural resources can get richer .

The Global Warming computer modeling  – propagated by Rothschild and his stooges—is worse that their Adam Smith Economic Theory.,

Third world and under developed countries must stop paying “carbon tax”.

Stop the global warming nonsense being taught to innocent school children.(  Darwins theory is still being taught in this age of DNA , what a disgrace )

This must be done immediately!

Enter Maurice Strong!-- the global warming hoax partner of Rothschild .




Have you noticed how much he resembles Deng Xiaoping who did "Chinese Perestroika" and allowed Rothschild remote controlled Jews to enter China .






Above : American journalist Anna Louise Strong settled permanently in China until her death in 1970, publishing a "Letter from China.".  She was very friendly with Deng Xiaoping.



Pound for pound, methane is 120 times more potent than carbon dioxide.


NASA reported in April 2012 on a study in which scientists measured surprising levels of methane coming from cracks in Arctic sea ice and areas of partial sea ice cover Global-warming potential (GWP) is a relative measure of how much heat a greenhouse gas traps in the atmosphere. 

The 20 year GWP of methane is 86, which means that if the same mass of methane and carbon dioxide were introduced into the atmosphere, that methane will trap 86 times more heat than the carbon dioxide over the next 20 years


Cows belong to a class of animals called ruminants. Ruminants have four stomachs and digest their food in their stomachs instead of in their intestines, as humans do. Ruminants eat food, regurgitate it as cud and eat it again. The stomachs are filled with bacteria that aid in digestion, but also produce enormous methane.

Carbon dioxide is a harmless trace gas that does not cause any sort of dangerous global warming.
Humans produce less than 2.9 % cent of the total carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. The rest comes naturally from the environment. 


CO2 is essential for life.  It is not a pollutant.  Plants cannot grow without carbon dioxide.  It is not a heating agent and does not warm the planet.

We are being lied to by renewable energy Zionist proponents on the reasons why we need to tax this harmless gas. If you follow the money trail you will know what this gargantuan HOAX is all about.

The pea brained Indian Rajendra Pachauri – the  IPCC chairman Rajendra Pachauri, spAke that mankind has a limited window of opportunity to act on climate change and to keep temperature rises below 2C.  This is NONSENSE.



India MUST continue using her abundant reserves of coal. We do NOT want any more dams on our rivers. In another 5 years I predict that the whole world willrealise that the FAKE theory of man-made carbon emissions creating uncontrollable global warming is a LIE.

IPCC member Ottmar Edenhofer said the theory of man-made global warming is a scheme designed to redistribute wealth. “One has to free oneself from the illusion that international climate policy is environmental policy.”



Global warming is more complicated than a ‘blanket’ of CO2 trapping heat.

The long-held belief that carbon dioxide is wrapping the planet in a ‘blanket’ that traps more heat, causing global warming, is a LIE.

Rothchild controlled UN LIES that earth will die if we do NOT phase out  FOSSIL FUELS by 2010. 

Hollywood movies aremade by Jews to alarm the world—and these Jews attend the Bilderberg conference.



At G20 summits poor nations are arm twisted to donate to the GREEn FUND managed by Rothschilds IMF and World bank.
*******************************************************************************
SPIRIT OF LONDON 2012 OLYMPICS AND DOW SPONSORSHIP- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






AN OLYMPICS SANS SOUL-  SHAME ON BRITAIN -- SHAME ON THE LONDON 2012 OLYMPIC COMMITTEE

SHAME FOR GOING AGAINST THE "SPIRIT OF OLYMPICS" --

BY TAKING SPONSORSHIP MONEY FROM THE (AGENT ORANGE / BHOPAL TRAGEDY ) BLOOD STAINED AND UNREMORSEFUL HANDS OF DOW -- 

FAIRPLAY AND HONOUR?  

WHAT A JOKE !!



During the Vietnam war, from 1961 to 1971, the US military sprayed Vietnam with Agent Orange, which contained large quantities of Dioxin, in order to defoliate the trees for so called military objectives. In his frustration of not being able to win this difficult war in guerilla friendly jungles ,using superior fire power , president JF Kennedy authorized the CRIMINAL use of Agent Orange made by DOW. More than 5 million innocent Vietnamese people were exposed to Agent Orange. The spraying covered 24.8 percent of the land area of Vietnam. It is estimated that a mind boggling 95000 tons of agent orange was sprayed by soldiers who had NIL conscience to exterminate 3 million fellow humans.


Above is just ONE of the 5,00,000 Vietnamese children with birth defects. War crimes at its worst! Only the white skinned West are humans , rest are animals, right?



Immortal Spirit of antiquity,
Father of the true, beautiful, and good, 
Descend, appear, shed over us Thy light 
Upon this ground and under this sky




Which has first witnessed Thy imperishable fame. 
Give life and animation to those noble games! 
Throw wreaths of fadeless flowers to the victors 
In the race and in strife!
Create in our breasts, hearts of steel! 
Shine in a roseate hue and form a vast temple 
To which all nations throng to adore Thee, 
O immortal Spirit of antiquity.



The Olympic anthem is played as the Olympic flag is raised during the opening cermony.

 





The law says  you cannot acquire a company’s wealth without inheriting its debt.  Dow recognized this law when they paid off an outstanding lawsuit against Union Carbide soon after acquiring the company, settling with former UCC asbestos workers in Texas USA for a 2.2 billion USD .  However for  Dow sauce for the goose and gander is different.  They refuse to be  liable for the worst industrial disaster ever, Bhopal, without tendering any reasons.  

Indians are lesser humans, right?








ENGLAND , YOUR PM AND YOUR QUEEN -- TILL AUG 15TH 1947 YOU STOLE EVERY POSSIBLE THING FROM INDIA, INCLUDING THE KOHINOOR -- YOU HAVE MURDERED MILLIONS OF INDIANS DURING YOUR RULE-- WE HAVE TOLERATED IT,  CONSIDERING THE TIMES--

NOW AFTER 64 YEARS INDEPENDENCE , YOU WANT TO TRAMPLE ON OUR HONOUR?  

GO AHEAD -- THERE WILL BE A VERY HEAVY PRICE TO PAY -- YOU HAVE LOST OUR GOODWILL--

INDIA IS NO LONGER THE WEAKLING--  YOU IMAGINE US TO BE !


THE BONE OF CONTENTION IS NOT THE MONEY-- IT IS ABOUT ACCOUNTABILITY TO THE HUMAN SOUL -- 

WHAT IS THIS BHOPAL CLAIM PEANUTS MONEY COMPARED TO MORE THAN 3 BILLION USD GIVEN BY INDIA TO AFGHANISTAN AS UN-ACCOUNTABLE CHARITY? 



WHEN IT COMES TO BRITISH INTEGRITY- DIRTY MONEY TALKS- NAY -- RULES, RIGHT?
*******************************************************************************
CBI MUST NOT BE UNDER LOKPAL - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


KEEP CBI AWAY FROM THE VESTED CONTROL OF TEAM ANNA--  

CBI SHOULD NOT BE HIJACKED BY FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs --  

CURB THESE NGO TROJAN HORSES OF FOREIGN ENEMIES



Keep CBI away from Team Anna. 



Team Anna is controlled by Trojan horses in the garb of foreign funded NGOs.

CBI must continue monitoring influx of foreign money into India via NGOs.  A major percentage of Islamic funding comes via Kerala --from where it is channelled elsewhere to other parts of India. 

CBI must continue monitoring foreign funded Islamic studies Madrasas and Christian missionaries.

CBI must continue monitoring Medical tourism , where Christian Missionary run NGOs go to tribal areas and get kidney donors for rich Western nations.  

Journalists visiting Christian NGO missionary run MENTAL HOMES in India -- please look for these tell tale scars. Of course the padre will tell you that this mentally challenged - (but physically fit )patient had a kidney problem. 



CBI must continue monitoring terror groups like Naxalites and ULFA / Kashmiri separatists--all funded by NGOs.

CBI must get all foreign funded NGO trojan horses under their scanner. National security cannot be handed over on a golden platter to Team Anna--all of whom have vested interests. They are using a naive person who can fast and whom people think is non-corrupt.



Anna Hazare has shown NIL tolerance and ability to absorb dissent.  He is a run-way train.  He is NO Gandhiji.


The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI ) , functioning under Dept. of Personnel, Ministry of Personnel, Pension & Public Grievances, Government of India, is the premier investigating police agency in India.


CBI MUST BE AUTONOMOUS.


CBI is an elite force playing a major role in preservation of values in public life and in ensuring the health of the national economy.

It is also the nodal police agency in India which coordinates investigation on behalf of Interpol Member countries.

CBI’s job does NOT start and end with anti-corruption activities .

It is CBI’s job to investigate economic crimes, including bank frauds, financial frauds, import export & foreign exchange violations, large-scale smuggling of narcotics, antiques, cultural property, sale of human kidneys from orphanages, smuggling of other contraband items etc.

Most of above frauds are perpetrated by Magsaysay foundation sponsors,who have given awards to Kiran bedi, Kejriwal, Sisodia and Amartya Sen.

CBI must continue investigating special Crimes, such as cases of terrorism, bomb blasts, sensational homicides, kidnapping for ransom and crimes committed by the mafia/the underworld—all these powers must NOT be handed over to team Anna.


This suspect Anna team is unelected . They have imposed themselves on India and Indians using foreign funded TV channels and Media.  Who are these people--who want to come under public life under a easy " no corruption platform" ? 

Why are they coming on TV every day. Why not Irom Sharmila?.


Have you seen-- the foreign funded TV channels do NOT ask AnnaJI a single technical question on the nuances of JanLokpal. They will ask him only general sweeping questions-- why?  Is this man not the leader?  Why so much of kindness-- are you afraid of exposing this ex-truck driver's  metal makeup ?

Tomorrow another  group of foreign funded anti-nationals will pick up a naive Khadi clad beggar from the streets who can fast for more days that Anna ( without Glucose and electral salts ) -- to be used as a HONEST STOOGE, with no bank accounts, no wife , no children, no home -- does it cut any ice with an intelligent man?

They also would like to grab absolute power. And they can get this khadi topi man to mouth populist phrases on TV again and again  " Ye sarkar ka neeyat saaf naahi hai!. Arrre -corruspssan desh keliye accha naahi hai!" 

When you dont want Foreign funded NGOs under Janlokpal-- how about the neeyat of your vested Anna Team?



Why are we Indians so emotional?   Has 800 years of slavery not made us any more wiser?  

Why all this rabble rousing ? 

Why 50% reservations for Lopkal -- are we to trust Mayawati (who entered politics in abject poverty --and we all know what she is worth now ) and party more?  

Everybody wants a part of the future Lokpal pie--why?




We Indians do NOT want to ruled over by Ayatollah Anna Hazare.  We want India to progress and mover forward.   Not endless fighting and rabble rousing, by an" accountable to none" Anna team.  

PM Manmohan Singh show some balls.  

All these jail bharo andolan party-- make sure they are all fined heavily, if they break the law -- dont give them any leeway or allowance just because they are Anna followers--

Why do you allow goons to hold a gun on your head counting 1,2,3 -- 4 .   Are you not a PM of a popular democracy?  Why are you letting the people down?  If Anna Hazare thinks is has got popular support, let him prove it by contesting elections . 

At the Calcutta club Times NOw TV channel sponsored debate Kiran Bedi was shocked to see that 50% of the intellectuals were against Anna.  In Kerala where people are literate and intelligent, Anna has miniscule support.

Come on TV on prime time and blast Anna and his team.. Throw Anna Hazare into jail, if he holds this country to ransom.

Who can be this stupid?  

No where in the world are all the three powers – of investigation, prosecution and adjudication – given to the same single body. 

Why are we raising a unelected Frankenstein?



Democracy means that, the judiciary will be the final arbiter of justice, the prosecution presents the evidence and the investigating bodies gather the evidence against the accused. The three are WIDELY separated so that can be no no favour or bias.

Why do we want to encourage fascism and dictatorship -- that the three are assigned to the same unelected body formed by foreign funded NGO stooges . They have all given honesty medals to themselves .

To whom is Team Anna accountable to?   

To a “ Ayatollah for life”  half wit Anna Hazare? 



Hey, what about existing checks and balances?  Very few of us trust  Kiran Bedi , Kejriwal and the Bhushans.  

They can keep holding meetings and fasts with mercenary “rudalis in reverse” cheering for them. These few thousand people , who get sops , do NOT represent India.  Any political party can get larger crowds.

We will soon have ENDLESS rabble rousing with the Group C workers, who are poorly paid .  If a group C workers son in college wants a laptop , where will he go?  These are inherent problems we need to address.   How many of you can afford to buy a flat in a good area of Mumbai or new Delhi?

Initially it will look cute, --mother hen deciding which of her 12 chicks stole whose worm, and who pecked whose ass first. Later she will be sick and tired of hearing this--every hour , every minute.  Dont give bribes-- if the bribe giver gets punished as much as the bribe receiver--a lot of Group C corruption can be controlled.  

For this there must be a easy mechanism available, by strengthening existing systems --instead of running to this newly created monster . Can somebody not threaten to put a false charge on you-- and twist your arm?

Digression:  As a junior officer , once I saw my usually cheerful colleague moping around-- in deep depression.  So I asked him , what happened.  He says " Captain's 11 year old daughter told me today morning -- give me chocolates or I will tell daddy that you pulled down my knickers.  Now who is gonna believe me - everybody will believe her . She looks so angelic and cute.  I look like a villain " 

The more important segments and big cats will remain un-investigated.

Hullo , MPs .  Do NOT give absolute  powers to the Lokpal.  Let the CBI be made a constitutional body,  so that it cannot be arm twisted by the ruling government. Control the foreign funded media, who are CREATING messiahs . 

Press is supposed to report, NOT manipulate and hold media trials.  We dont want to hear the pea-brained  views of moth eaten celebrities on prime time commenting on matters of national securityand our children's future --  Alyque Padamsee, Shabana Azmi, Lord Meghnath Desai , Colin Gonsalves, Teesta Setalvad, Suhel Seth --  the lot,

A constitutional status for CBI on the lines of the Election Commission of India should be debated.

 LET US HELP CBI TO DO ITS JOB WITHOUT FEAR OF FAVOUR -- 

LET US STRENGTHEN THE EXISTING CBI , INCREASE ITS MANNING,  AND HELP THEM TO BLOW THE WHISTLE IN CASE THE RULING GOVERNMENT TRIES TO MANIPULATE IT

 

In the video above, a thick skinned woman thinks India is Tihar jail . If Kiran Bedi --the low flying messiah with inflated travel bills-- , thinks she has mass support , she is under severe delusion. 

KiranJI , you keep saying on TV " This is NOT what United Nations wants !" .  Are you so stupid , that India will allow Rothschild money run, UN to dictate terms to India?  Your Magsaysay award also came from the same money source-- Rothschild cum Rockfellers.

Foot -in- mouth, Kiran Bedi's stupid speech at Ramlila maidan Delhi in Aug 2011- "Call 101 when you see corruption. A van will come and take them away" caused 101 ( Fire force ) to be inundated with hundreds of calls of corruption.  

If I make a call that you are corrupt, will a van come to take you away too , KiranJI . Or are you exempted ?  I seriously feel , like most Indians, that Kiran Bedi should be subjected to a psychological evaluation.


Apun hi question paper set karenge,  apun hi imthihan likhenge,  apun hi khud keliye number denge -- saab kuch apun ko karna maangtha , right-Kiran?--

WRONG!


The CBI director can be appointed by the PM,  the leader of the opposition, and the Chairman of the Lokpal (  3 people ) --and that too after parliament approval.  Parliament should be able to impeach the Chairman of Lokpal with 51% majority.  
This will free CBI at bit from government control -  for every party that has formed the government has been tempted to use CBI for political vendetta by launching investigations against opponents, and protecting its coalition allies .

Notwithstanding what is written above-- we Indians do know that Italian businessman Ottavio Quattrocchi used his Italian connection with Sonia Gandhi by being the middleman for Bofors kickback and screwed India royally . Even Wikipedia writes that Indian bureaucrats used to stand up when all powerful Q entered a room.  CBI could not extradite Q--why?

Is there any reason why an obscure Italian firm Snamprogetti was given more than 60 lucrative Indian contracts?  I am a ship's captain for 3 decades and I know the Italian style of working-- and how they secure deals.  

To monitor corruption in India against 81 lakh govt servants , we need a parallel bureaucracy cum watch dogs who will soon become corrupt themselves, leading to blackmail. Corruption will now increase 4 times more and the jail capacity and judiciary of India will need to be tripled.

Below video, Body organ harvesting is a multi billion dollar industry. The biggest harvesting field on this planet is India.




BOTTOM LINE:   INDIA NEEDS AN EFFECTIVE LOKPAL, TO ROOT OUT CORRUPTION.  WE NEED AN AUTONOMOUS CBI.   WE DONT NEED A HALF-WIT AYATOLLAH UNDER REMOTE CONTROL OF  FOUR SHREWD PEOPLE,  WHO HAVE NOT EARNED THE TRUST OF INDIANS.
*******************************************************************************
BERNINI, THE UNSUNG GENIUS- BERNINI VERSUS MICHELANGELO - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
BERNINI, THE BEST SCULPTOR ON THIS PLANET - 


Bernini who?


Now wonder, for in school they taught you about Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni, who lived 100 years before Gian Lorenzo Bernini.


Till I visited Rome, even I did not know about Bernini.


There was a Bernini statue of a woman kept aside for cleaning, and as I walked past I caressed the ass . My wife took a picture and later we noticed that every single tourist man, woman and child caressed the ass. It was that much live.  


The whole statue was dirty brown except that white gleaming ass portion which was getting caressed by all. That was the hilarious part.
Explains human sexuality –nay- sensuality , right?


If you painted a beautiful woman white and kept her next to the statue you couldn't tell the difference. Compared to all this what is the worth of the wax statues of Madame Tussuad's, who use photographs from all angles?


Bernini was one of those people who seem to be able to do just about anything. In addition to being a master sculptor, he was also a musician and composer, a writer, an actor, an architect, an interior designer and a portrait painter.


Bernini’s father Pietro was a great sculptor too. Bernini started sculpting at the age of 8 and got noticed by the Pope Paul V.


Bernini’s unique sense of light sourcing and shading, his surface textures of skin and hair far exceeded Michelangelo’s.  He molded stone like none other before him, marble into visceral, sensual sculptures. He converted hard marble to soft butter.


He would incise the irises deeply so that they lay in shadow and appeared dark. The texture of cloth could be seen on hard marble ,the tiny wrinkles of the skin.


 Most of the time he sculpted from memory without a clay model or a subject in front of him, relying on his vision .

Check out Bernini’s David in action. He’s head is turned to the left, he is obviously looking at his enemy and his face is also tense and deeply concentrated.


David has twisted back and is about to sling shoot Goliath. The sculpture is almost breaking out of its own pose and this provides vibrant energy to the space around it .


David face expression is dramatic and realistic .


Bernini captured a moment –a shot frozen in action. You go around the statue which is alive-- the figure is true from every angle. This is the meaning of artistic expression,  nay--aesthetic magic. It is a real soulful 3D show.   See the muscles sinews in the legs and how the chest is tensed.


In comparison, Michelangelo’s David statue  below is out of proportion— check out the hands and head.  I can tell you this as I am a sculptor on clay myself.  This 1:6  ratio is of a ten-year-old boy. Adults have to be given 1:8.   


Michelangelo's David face above is overwrought with expression.  And-- real HE-men do not stand in this pansy way.  We must understand that Michelangelo was gay.


OK, I get it.  The spin doctors wanted the tourism money . The critics and the established academics have their own reputations to protect!


Michelangelo’s pieces are intense and still; Bernini’s are dramatic and active—poetry in motion , literally.  Michelangelo made his works out of a triangle, a circle, a square.  Bernini ran free – he broke out of all constricting shapes.


Check out Michaelangelos’ Pieta’s - Mother Mary and Jesus, below . It is totally out of proportion with respect to age. Mary looks like a young female with a man’s face.  Jesus was thirty three when he died and his lifeless body cannot be so reed like and slender.


On the other hand check out Bernini’s “The Rape of Proserpina”.  It is exact to every minute detail--the fingers pressing into Proserpina’s side, the wrinkles in her twisted body. .


 Bernini has freed the soul of the character from the confines of the stone.


Check out St Theresa’s passionate emotions, her toes curled in orgasm.



Bernini went to Paris in 1665, where he was cheered on the streets like a hero. He made the bust of by King Louis XIV  and made a novel design for the new French palace.


Bernini died at the ripe old age of 81, after having served eight popes.


When he died he was considered one of Europe’s greatest men.


All those who think Picasso propped up by his bribed spin-doctors,  is better than Bernini please raise your hands.


WHAAAA NO HANDS?


I rest mE case.
*******************************************************************************
ANNA HAZARE’S JAIL BHARO ANDOLAN UNJUSTIFIED- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




In a sensational revelation, former deputy commissioner of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and Maharashtra's original 'Mr Clean'. Khairnar said  "Hazare himself told me that. He said he was driving the vehicle carrying the army jawans when it was fired upon. He immediately left it and ran for his life. That is how Hazare claimed he saved himself” ( while everybody else in his platoon died).  It must be noted that Khairnar was totally incorruptible and has integrity.


It is high time the Indian Government restrained this illiterate half-wit Anna Hazare who is being manipulated by his GRUESOME FOURSOME TEAM consisting of :--

“Mizoram loophole “ Kiran Bedi ( for securing a MBBS seat for her daughter -- she was chased away) ,   




“Heart of plant” Shanti Bhushan ( for trying to get IT refund by saying his heart is a agricultural produce --he was given a kick by the court ) ,  



“K word” Prashant Bhushan ( who wants independence for Kashmir -- poor guy looks like a wet hen ever since he got thrashed, but limps along manfully ) 



and “foreign money NGO while in IRS ”  Kejriwal ( clandestinely taking foreign funds while he was in a sensitive IT govt job-- slimy king of brownie points, who can convert sunrise to sunset , and vice versa in a second ) .


These 5 people do NOT represent India—by any stretch of the imagination. 

People of India would have been satisfied with Anna's integrity if he has pulled up Kiran Bedi for inflating her travel bills etc--  But he wont do that because nobody in India knew who is Anna Hazare 10 months ago.  He is Team Anna's and foreign funded TVs' creation.  

The whole of India gets irritated by his constant UNSOLICITED boasting on Rothschild controlled TV and media.   He even claims credit for the RTI act, when the whole of India knows otherwise.


This self-chosen team manages to get a few thousand people for their meetings, with the connivance of foreign funded media —so what?  This motley bunch of people do NOT represent 1300 million Indians. 

They keep inviting the Government to their debates on their turf -- so that their stooges can BOOOO them on TV.   

Say why don't you go for a debate in a Congress rally, having 20 times the number of people you can muster?

Team Anna’s main thrust was to get “foreign funded” NGOs exempted from Janlokpal.  They were very confident of it, thinking the Parliament is stupid, not to understand that all of Team Anna were heading “foreign funded” NGOs.

The moment they knew this was not gonna happen, immediately they jumped on the CBI issue. If they have CBI under their power, then who cares if NGOs come under the Lokpal purview or not?


Who is Kejrwal?.  
He was an understudy with Aruna Roy, ( who got RTI for Indians ) hijacked her pet Lokpal agenda and started his own Janlokpal thing, using Anna Hazare as a prop.   This was level headed Aruna Roy's , Sandip Pandey's ( Magsaysay award winner ),  Harsh Mander , and Shekar Singh's written agenda. 


He just blatantly stole their ideas and agenda , kicked them in their teeth and ran away.  And was he not happy that Baba Ram Dev's anti-corruption movement was scuttled-- giving him the free path to limelight.


“It’s my movement, I will take it the way I want”  is what Kejriwal thinks.  Even before Parliament could debate the Lokpal Bill, Kejriwal and party went to Hisar ( his hometown ) and recklessly campaigned against the Congress.  

He got hold of simpleton Anna Hazare after wise President Abdul Kalam declined to join hands ( with this reckless upstart ).  

After Ramlila fast he quietly diverted 80 lakhs from IAC to his own NGO-- till Swami Agnivesh blew the whistle.  But this "slippery as  a eel" man has "technically correct" answers for everything-- like how Bill Clinton had .

Team Anna held referendums and gave bullshit to the people about the results—99% say that they will vote against Sonia and Rahul in next election.  Are we to trust this lying team in future ?

Abbe, Kejriwalee -- why dont you contest an election against Sonia?  Take a chance maan! See how you lose your deposit. We need level headed leaders in India--NOT upstarts.


Anna Hazare cannot answer a single nuance of Lokpal bill.  No foreign funded TV anchor will ask him a technical question.  All he knows is “ Arre desh keliye corrupssan acha nahi hai!”

We in India do NOT trust Magsaysay award winners – who have been given this award by the Rockfeller foundation. This is same as Rothschild money.  Rothschild owned East India company who made Indians their slaves.

When is Manmohan Singh gonna show some balls?


If Anna Hazare and his team wants to twist the Parliament’s arms without popular support, throw them into jail. Do not show any leeway if they break the law and disrupt public peace.

Make sure all those who BHARO jails on Anna’s call are fined heavily.  Make sure their passports are not renewed without proper scrutiny in future.  
What is the need to push Parliament , while the elected MPs are in the process of discussing the pros and cons of Lokpal.

Below: Abhe dhakkan ,  kuch samaj mein ayya - kithna baar samjhaayega ?


Anna Hazare and his vested team does NOT have the popular support of Indians. They get their own stooges in the maidan to give sops to the ordinary public. Without TV media support hardly anybody will come to Anna’s fasts .

Yes, we in India need a strong Lokpal.  We have the brains and talent in India without these 5 jokers.

We in India need an autonomous CBI. 




We will NOT allow CBI to be controlled 


by a "remote controlled" naive , illiterate 


ex-truck driver Ayatollah.

Government must not be allowed to misuse CBI , to save their own corrupt backsides.  We all know what happened to Quatrocchi and the kingpins of the Sikh massacre of 1984.

There is a method to get a proper Lokpal.  Twisting arms , running down the Indian constitution and Parliament is NOT the way.

Kejriwal keeps saying “ We the people”.

Yes , I am also part of “we the people”—I don’t want Anna Hazare and his gruesome foursome to represent me.

There are millions in India who feel the same way.  If Kejriwal wants to prove me wrong why does he not stand an election and see how he loses his deposit.

We don’t want Anna Hazare and his low flying messiahs to save India on their own time table.  Indians have the collective wisdom to do it  in a way that our precious democracy is NOT thrown into the dustbin.

The whole world is watching this endless rabble rousing on TV.  We see the same moth eaten faces daily on these foreign funded TV channels singing the praises of Anna. There are very few sane voices .

India has become an economic , military and cerebral superpower—NOT because Anna Hazare contributed by his amazing truck driving.  Or because Kiran Bedi made Tihar jail mates do Vipassana meditation , or Bhushans did all their PILs (as per Amar Singh) or Kejriwal clandestinely operating NGO while in IRS efforts .

We don’t believe in modern day messiahs. Don’t even bother to call Anna Hazare the second Mahatma Gandhi.  Gandhiji was a very learned and wise man. 

This is NO second fight for Independence .  If Anna Hazare is Gandhiji-- then who is Kiran bedi-- Maulana Azad?   Hey, what about Kejriwal?-- Sardar Vallabhai Patel?-- what a blessed joke!


Today I saw a intolerant Bandra party Pickle John on Times Now TV channel ( he came for the Keenan Rueben debate too ) running down parliament MPs with special "personal attack" vitriol poured on Lalu Prasad Yadav.  

Let me tell him this “ Lalu is personally a thousand times smarter than you— don’t ever think he is a asshole just because he speaks in a Bihari rustic style.  If you entrust the Lokpal issue to him, instead of team Anna, he alone will do a much better job.  Knowing flowery English does NOT make you intelligent or capable of thinking outside the box  –Johnny boy.  Suggest you stick to your piano, your Bandra gymkhana and your party dances with Chutney Marys' ”.

Next time Anna Hazare fasts do NOT allow him  to consume Glucose and Electral salts and fool the public. Looks like he is tougher than Usain Bolt. 


Anna thinks he can fool everybody with his unsolicited hubris on TV “ Arre yeh kuch nahi hai— Ek baar maine 23 days ka anshan kiya tha!”
It will be worthwhile to remember, India does NOT consist of  middle-class alone.  There is a HUGE segment of under-privileged people who do NOT care for Lokpal or Anna's fasts --  it hardly gives them their daily bread.  They also would like to send their children to school.  

Parliament has been hijacked by this Lokpal issue. We need good governance . We dont want a honest but stupid guy taking India's progress  in the reverse direction . 

We should NOT allow Parliament to be paralysed by strong arm tactics of vested interests (running foreign funded NGOs) , shouting from the rooftops " WE THE PEOPLE"



IAC has approached the Guinness Book of World Records, informing them about the three-day Jail Bharo Andolan scheduled across the country between December 30 and January 1.  IAC says - “We are trying to show the world the anger suppressed among Indians is such that for a national cause so many of them are ready to go to prison. This is what we want to register in the world book.”
 
Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi are now in the process of finding for themselves a place in history—as champions of liberty and anti-corruption. What is all this?  Are these patriots?

Kejriwal has the irritating arrogance and body language of an INCOME TAX RAID OFFICER -- who refuses to see reason. 

“Register for Jail bharo. National registration process is SMS to 57578 or call 07303150500 or www.jailchalo.com,” key Anna member Kiran Bedi wrote on micro-blogging site, Twitter.
 KIRAN BEDI--  WANNA SEE THE LIGHT?  -  90% OF THE INDIANS WOULD HAVE REJECTED THIS CALL , IF THERE WAS A BOX FOR TICKING  " I REJECT" 

The Government must keep a track of all these people who respond, and disrupt public life .  Keep their data in the immigration computers at all the Indian airports.   Let these teenage youngsters who get recruited on the streets by " I AM ANNA TOPI " mercenaries know that there will be a heavy price to pay for meaningless agitations and holding the country to ransom . 

Right, now it is group adventure and fun agitation --a chance to impress your friends, right .  

"Look MA our faces came on TV " .    

Later you will rue at leisure-- and run to Anna , crying for help.  IAC just wants a world record. They dont care for you.  

Jail Bharo andolan is a EXTREME final step taken by Gandhiji.  Anna can never ever be a Gandhi-- he does not have the moral superiority even in his native village , who ignored his candidate for Sarpanch post --a tight slap on his face indeed..



THERE CAN BE NO "TAMRA PATRAS" FOR THESE PEOPLE FILLING UP JAILS.   EVEN CRIMINALS AND PICKPOCKETS GOT FREEDOM FIGHTING PENSION.   THIS STAY IN JAIL VOLUNTARY OR OTHERWISE,  MUST BE A BLOT ON THEIR PERSONAL RECORDS .   THE LAW OF THE LAND MUST HOLD WATER , WE INSIST.

This is how United Fruit Company made Banana republics by using their NGOs in South America-- by having a small cadre of rabble rouser merceneries who will be compensated handsomely with foreign money . 
One reverse SMS and all these people will come on the streets to overthrow an elected government -- Or pull down a " corrupt" Defence Minister , who chooses Russian MIGs fighter to a American F16. ---  Or recall a MP who does NOT play ball---  Or shunt off a Prime Minister who does NOT shut down our Nuclear plants.

Don't be under any illusion that foreign funds come to Indian NGOs for free. There is a severe price to pay. for Example-- Unless newly developed psychiatric drugs are tried and tested in India -- the white man in the West will NOT take it. 

Pretty face Shazia Ilmi has learnt lot of fancy LATIN words , just to shine on TV.   Shazia , you appear to be the only level headed member of team Anna.   Be yourself -- people will be impressed by your sincerity alone.

Most of our bureaucrats and government employees are NOT corrupt.  Don't straitjacket them in an atmosphere of fear, that they will not take any instant decisions unless it is written on stamp paper or in front of several witnesses.   Governance will slow down and suffer.  India cannot afford this type of witch hunt atmosphere.

Lokpal is NOT a silver bullet and cannot eliminate corruption.  Very soon we will need a super-watchdog for these "self imposed" Lokpal members.

JUST IMAGINE A SCENARIO WHERE ANNA HAZARE IS THE SPEAKER OF THE LOK SABHA.   HE WILL NOT HAVE A CLUE OF WHAT IS GOIN' ON.    HE WILL KEEP THE MARSHALLS BUSY IN EVICTING ALL MPs WHOSE IDEAS HE OPPOSES OR WHOSE FACE HE DOES NOT LIKE --TILL ONLY HE AND HIS PET CRONIES WILL BE LEFT SITTING IN THE PARLIAMENT.


I can very well imagine Anna Hazare giving his usual stuff to the unsuspecting masses at Mumbai grounds " Ye sarkar ka neeyat saaf naahi hai!.   Aaaj hamaara desh mein Buddha naahi hai, hamara desh mein Gandhiji nahi hai, COUGH, COUGH , SPIT -- hamaara tabiyat bhi aajkal thoda kharaab hai!"-- 

-- and then his mercenary rudalis might beat on their collective chests and wail loudly-- 

how sad! 

sniff!!


 Let me end with an explanation of DEBATE from our Vedas and Upanishads.

The Indian rishis were the first to engage their great minds in dialectics in philosophy 11000 years ago —the method of investigating the nature of truth by the criticism of initial concepts and hypotheses— all in the most peaceful natural surroundings .

The ancient Indian Vedic dialectic is based on a dialogue between two or more rishis , master or student - people who may hold differing views, yet wish to pursue truth by seeking agreement with one another.

This is in contrast to modern debate, in which two or more people hold differing views and wish to persuade or prove one another wrong (and thus a jury or judge is needed to decide the matter), or rhetoric, which is a relatively long monologue oration conducted by a single stupid person.

The Vedas are not puerile babblings of rustic troubadours or minstrels , but sedate out-pourings of exceptionally sharp and graceful minds in quest of truth . Like indestructible diamonds of brilliant fire they have come down 11000 years in spotless perfection, with no need to be revised or abridged, to suit the modern era.

FOR AMOUNTS LESS THAN ONE CRORE THE BRIBE GIVERS MUST BE GIVEN THE SAME PUNISHMENT AS THE BRIBE TAKERS.  

FOR AMOUNTS IN EXCESS OF 1 CRORE, THE BRIBE GIVERS MUST BE GIVEN DOUBLE PUNISHMENT THAN THE BRIBE TAKERS.   NOT A SINGLE CORPORATE HOUSE HAS BEEN PUNISHED IN 2 G SCAM--WHILE RAJA IS IN JAIL.
Mark my words-- every Rothschild funded TV channel and magazine will give 2011 MAN OF THE YEAR AWARD to Anna Hazare.  The man Kejriwal chose after president Abdul Kalam told him to FO.  And see the way the suited and booted sycophants (who are invited to foreign embassy dinners ) , in the audience give him a standing ovation.
These well to do people in the audience are far removed  from the ABJECT reality of India -- the desperately poor Indian who does NOT know where his next meal will come from-- 

-- even after 64 years on Independence --who does NOT know or care, who is the PM of India.
Never blindly respect a Magsaysay award winner-- first find out what is the catch?  This award is bestowed by Rockfeller -Rothschild for being their type of Indian.
Never respect a Nobel peace/ economist  prize winner too-- this award is given for people who toe a demanded line-- and for being their type of peacemaker or capitalist.


Everybody had been wondering why the current generation of Rothschild has stopped all their covert games.  Oh no!  They upstaged all their ancestors with the HOAX  of the millennium.  GLOBAL WARMING DUE TO GREEN HOUSE GASES .  This would make desperately poor countries -  but rich in natural energy like coal and hydrocarbons buy biodiesel and alternate energy from Rothschild's companies in European countries , who have NOTHING in their country— just  unfertile , no mineral , no energy -- artificial fertilizer pumped up wasteland.

EPILOGUE: ( see picture below ) 

ANNA'S JAIL BHAO ANDOLAN WENT  PHUTTTT !!
NIL crowds--- only paid volunteers.
*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************






































































