SRI YANTRA ,108 AND THEORY OF EVERYTHING -- AJIT VADAKAYIL

THE UNIVERSAL MIND ,  THE FRACTAL GEOMETRIC DESIGN OF THE UNIVERSE, THE  SRI
YANTRA

 

In August 1990 a huge 2D Sri Yantra was inscribed overnight on a dry lake bed in
USA Oregon and spotted by a National air guard plane from Idaho.


It was NOT the usual corn field crop circle which form when scalar waves meet
matter.


The lines engraved were 13.3 miles long , 10 inches wide and 3 inches deep in
soft mud , when measured.


There were no footprints or tyre marks in the soft mud-- unlike the
quintessential corn crop circle which cannot record footprints.





It is very hard to draw a perfect Sri Yantra on a piece of paper — leave alone a
massive lake bed.





The cymatic 3D inscription ( sound vibration conversion to visual patterns ) of
OM in pure water is the ancient vedic Sri Yantra. It abundantly shows that
microscopic forces that define the structure of water is not fully known .





Here is the OM crop circle ( several square miles in area )






OM , the original one letter King mantra is a prayer in itself. Within your
cells, the organizing DNA double helix structure and its RNA message carriers
dance to the mantra.


OM opens up quantum tunneling where the wormholes do not have speed of light
restriction. DNA is a superconductor that stores light at body temperature, and
can create magnetic wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and axional membranes are
also hollow cylinders.








The Sanskrit Vedas tell that Sound is the heart of all existence. Sound preceded
all that we see. So powerful and all-pervasive, and yet we pay very little
attention to it, and so often confuse it with noise. Sanskrit is a divine
language unlike other languages of the world. When the vowels of this language
is pronounced the shape on the tonoscope is the written symbol.


The sign OM is not a ordinary mortal inscription. When Om is chanted the proper
way the inscription can been seen in the mind. 786 the divine Islamic number is
what you see when OM is seen in the mirror.


According to the Upanishads--the ancient scriptures of India, the original abode
of the mantra was the primeval ether. The human body is hard wired to respond to
OM sound , the nucleus of spiritual energy, and there is no off switch.

The hermetic axiom “all is vibration” is scientifically true since matter is
made of electromagnetic waves. Matter, contrary to our eyes, is actually four-
dimensional. Teleportation is the removal of an object from third dimensional
space, whereby it takes a shortcut through the fourth dimension before being
inserted back into third.





Sri Yantra which follows the Fibonacci series and the Golden ratio ( lifted from
Vedic Mathematics ) is the mystical 3D holographic construct of the Cosmos by 9
VIRTUAL SPIRALLING VORTEX CONES — 4 pointing upwards and 5 pointing downwards,
as a sort of ying-yang balance.



Fibonacci series ( from Bejaya Algeria where he read a translated copy ) was
lifted from the work of the great Indian mathematician Pingala in 5th century
BC, under the series Matra Meru



Energy in a vortex acts as a frequency converter. Our brain stores information
in a holographic form. A zero point field has electromagnetic counter rotating
energy spirals which interconnects with the larger macroscopic cosmos through
which consciousness manifests into space-time-matter.












The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the
10000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship
between pi and phi . The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the
Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square- root 5)/2 (its
value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the
Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt.


The secrets of Cosmic unity are held by the inter-penetration of 9 triangles to
form 43 smaller triangles.


The Sri Yantra is traditionally held by 12 strand DNA Vedic rishis to have been
divinely revealed around 8000 BC. These super-men with fractal minds could see
numerical problems as FRACTAL geometry


The Saraswati civilisation which flourished on the banks of river Saraswati from
9000 BC to 4000 BC is the cradle of the Vedic culture.


The Sringeri temple ( 335 kms from Bangalore ) has a perfect Sri Yantra.


In 2D on a membrane with lycopodium powder layer it forms the complex
geometrical figure as below –





to understand in 2D -- out of 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4
point upwards, to form 43 triangles.





All triple intersections meet at the same point. The vertices of the largest
triangles fall on the circumference of the enclosing circle. Except for the two
biggest triangles, all apexes touch the base of another triangle. The central
triangle facing downwards must be equilateral and holds the Bindu of the
holistic pyramid .

The Bindu is also the centre of the circle . The 3 lines intersect at 54 points
( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva and shakti qualities making the
magic number 108..


BINDU is the witness or consciousness.


108 is the numerical equivalent of OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and
space and represents perfect totality.





Even in Islam 108 represents god. 54 devas and asuras had churned for the amrit
or holy nectar. All mantras are repeated 108 times. All prayer beads count up to
108.





There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.






12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.



Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth.



The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun .

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon..





Ayurveda and Kalari talks about 108 marmas.










Shiva, Ganesha and Krishna has 108 names. Japanese welcome new year with 108
chimes.


The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons )
. The rest are too short lived.




The super genius Nikola Tesla would repeatedly see the bright geometric form of
the Sri Yantra.


This overwhemed his sight and blotted out the scenes in front of him.


Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the
Indian Sri Yantra based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 8000 BC --see
video below.

 








A copper portrait of Sri Yantra in your pooja room is like drawing the etheric
energy of ancient temples to your home by resonant coupling. It spirals into
your chakras , resonates your pineal gland and corrects the aura and cleans
unwanted energy interference. It is connected deeply with the Ancient Art of
Vaastu and has been specifically mentioned in the 'Vaastu Shastra'.

The Vedas explain Shree Yantra as a scientific, cosmic and planetary energy
zone. Gazing at the Sri Yantra connects the RH lobe of brain with the LH , thus
improving mental performance.


A perfect mystical ice Shiva linga has the Sri Yantra in the form of a dome.




Our eyes see only a small portion, about one octave, of the vast electromagnetic
"Light Keyboard".







As we move down the "Light" keyboard from the visible, the wavelengths become
longer, greater distances; the light wave names are Infrared, Microwave, Radio
shortwave, and Radio longwave. The Extremely Long Waves and beyond are the waves
that represent the vibrations of the Moons, Planets, Suns and Galaxies.

If we move up the "Keyboard of Light" from the visible, the wavelengths become
shorter and shorter; Ultraviolet, X-Rays, Gamma Rays, and Cosmic Rays. These
shorter waves are the building energies of matter, the vibrations of Molecules,
Atoms, Protons, Electrons and other names that we give the sub- atomic energy
vibrations.


Each of the planetary and stellar bodies acts as a spherical receiver,
transmitter and reflector of the electromagnetic long wavelength light energies
in similiar manner to a satellite communications dish antenna.


Non linear, longitudinal, field like , Scalar waves constitute a kind of ocean
of infinite energy, and it has now been discovered that this abundant energy can
be coaxed to pour into our 3-dimensional world from their 4-dimensional realm,
to be used to do work, provide electricity, power all transport, and even heal
the body of almost all disease. This is the the zero-point energy, the energy of
the absolute nothingness which existed before the world began.





Sri Yantra is the chariot of ascension for transporting consciousness to higher
dimensions. The Sri Yantra’s 3 dimensional geometrical pattern contains the
elusive Theory Of Everthing ( TOE ) which interlinks gravity and antigravity to
the other fundamental forces of nature.


This cosmic consciousness pranic diagram contains the 11 dimensions, the
ultimate periodical table of elements and E8 root structure which is inclusive
of the double helix DNA , quarks, anti-quarks, leptons, neutrinos, excitons,
plasmons , solitons ,mesons, hadrons, gluons, W-bosons, photons, gravitons
,electrons, nuclear forces , scalar waves , akashic torsion field records , dark
energy, time, space etc.



These are the 11 Dimensions. 0. No Dimension (Bindu- Nothing) 1. a Line (Length)
2. a split (Height) 3. a Fold (Breadth) 4. a line ( Time)


5. a split (Choosing a timeline) 6. a fold ( Jumping from one timeline to
another eg. time travel 7. a point ( A point of all possible timelines and hence
INFINITY) (INFINITY) 8. a line ( Different infinities different from our own big
bang. Different universe with its own infinities and dimensions eg. a 2D
character cannot live in its own universe without having a clue what 3D is))
Hence Joining this line from One Universe of infinities from the 7 dimension and
joining it to another universe which would for the 8th Dimension 9. a fold
(Travelling from one universe of different dimensions to another eg. a 2D
character travelling to a 3D world)) It would disappear and be taken to a
totally different universe that it could have never imagined)) 10. a Point
((Taking all the possible infinities of all possible dimensions and all possible
infinite universes and bringing it to a point.. This is where we start over
again and cannot think of anything more than that)) 11. Bindu or God

So if we started off with a point which is nothing and ended off with a point
which is everything then ALL = NOTHING


To understand why all this exists would be to know the mind of God.


A superior intelligent being resides with our DNA holding the highest state of
intellectual consciousness and awareness .






The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and
contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes.
The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through
hyperspace.


The heat of the big bang cooked up and created the elements in Dimitri
Mendeleev's periodic table.




Mendeleev has expressed his thanks to Panini who was Sanskrit's grammarian 2800
years ago . Mendeleev had said that there are ultra rare AETHER gases preceeding
Hydrogen on his periodical table. Nikola Tesla always believed that electrical
and magnetic forces were streams of Aether gas ( Akasha , as explained to him to
him by Vivekananda ) Gravity does not pull as contended by Newton of apple bump
on head fame. Rather it pushes, due to the depression or warp in the time space
fabric. The faster you move the slower time progresses.


A visible attribute of consciousness is an energetic field that governs the
shaping of organisms Consciousness is the creative force of the entire universe
or GOD.


Kundalini Crop circle ( 8000 year old Indian Hindu symbol ) --





and the 7 chakras --










Indeed everything manifests from primordal vibration.


The universe is a hologram as per our 10000 year old Sri Yantra which contains
the Theory of Everything.  Our universe has NO beginning and stretches out
infinitely like the Klein bottle. There is NO big Bang as this requires a place
to bang it from.  Rather it is inhalation and exhalation.


A hologram is basically a three-dimensional image of an object laser-imprinted
onto a two- dimensional surface, which has length and width, but no depth — in
other words, a flat surface, like a sheet of paper. The 3-D image appears when
light hits the 2-D surface at a cetain angle.  Although they look very
different, both the 3-D image and the flat 2-D surface are depictions of the
same object.



When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and
were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great
civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in
Sanskrit. An employee German Max Mueller working for German Jews Rothschild, the
owner of opium running British East India company, was told by Vatican to
subvert world history to prove to all, that Bible dates are right. That the big
bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion
years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500
BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) .

By 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and
prayer on this planet is an offshoot of Hinduism and every language is an
offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out of India, with their Swastika symbol (
inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm ) as modern DNA tests have proved, never
into India, as contended by Hitler . The Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point
star has been adopted by Jewish religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan
temples are the main attraction at Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem
and Vatican.
********************************************************************************
INDIGO CHILDREN WITH THIRD EYE -- AJIT VADAKAYIL








INDIGO CHILDREN WITH THIRD EYE - AJIT VADAKAYIL




Play above video whle you read this post.  INDIGO CHILDREN do not think within
their mental structuring in linear/ vertical form , but laterally -- rather
holographically.


An Indigo child has an aura colour of INDIGO. They have broader 5 senses than
others. They are living demonstrations of the dormant abilities , which ancient
vedic time Indian Yogis had.


Their perceptive abilities use, till now , dormant areas of brain matter , due
to genetic change. This type of thinking brings high intelligence.


Indigos have innate healing abilities , due to their superior DNA pattern. This
DNA has figure of 8 loop , 12 strand ( like the mobius coil ) which can
biologically generate and emit SCALAR waves, also known as Reiki waves, which
travel faster than light through any medium without losing strength science, has
yet to discover the full spectrum of DNA imprinting function or the direct
connection between DNA and consciousness.


Indigo children do NOT have junk DNA .  You have 96% junk DNA in your body.


The spiraling double length of DNA material is much more than simply a tool for
your evolutionary physical process to remember from one generation to the next
-- (a new born kitten will also dig a hole, prior to a crap) . It is a Cosmos
communication satellite that has been dormant for thousands of millennia.


Indigo children are mediums , with very high gamma brain wave activity >40 Hz ,
and superior DNA signaling , for access to higher communication and telepathy.


Indigo is the color of the "third eye chakra," . This chakra regulates
clairvoyance, or the ability to see energy, visions and spirits.


Sixth chakra of the body from below , is the Third Eye Chakra. It aids the
pitutiary gland whose hormones control other glands and brain — it resonates
with indigo colour —- strengthens wisdom, clairvoyance, imagination .


They display rare abilities , advanced genius and psychic/telekinetic abilities
and other extra- ordinary attributes.


Indigo Children have biological, mental, spiritual skills and abilities that are
advanced, as compared to that of the norm. Indigos process their emotions
differently than non Indigos because they have high self-esteem and strong
integrity.


They can read you like an open book and can quickly unearth any hidden agendas
or subtle attempts to manipulate them. In fact, they can see your hidden agendas
even if you can't!


They have no patience for everyday pettiness. These children are highly
intuitive. They see all that is, and perceive all at once.


They have inherently strong determination to work things through for themselves
and only want outside guidance if it's presented to them with respect and within
a format of free choice. They prefer to work situations out for themselves.


They are fast on the uptake only if they are drawn to a subject, which makes
them very advanced in their areas of interest. These children respond best when
treated like a respected adult.


Psychological "button pushing" by society often causes them to be labeled as
mavericks and nonconformists.


They fight the untruths and do not recognize structure as is normal for the
lesser mortals.


They are at risk within the present sociological atmosphere. Many of them , due
to intelligent dreaming are mis-diagnosed and inappropriately treated as cases
of Schizophrenia, Bi-polar Disorder, etc. Medical and psychiatric communities do
not yet recognize the symptoms , causes and remedies for the biological,
perceptual, psychological and spiritual sensitivities characteristic to
advancement of the human genetic code.


Few Indigo children were born on earth from 1988 to 1997, when Saturrn , Uranus
and Neptune were in conjunction.


######### The most common traits of Indigo Children :


-- They feel and act superior and get surprised when others don’t recognise it.
-- They know who they are and are not afraid of telling so..


-- They wont suffer foolish and absolute authority , they would rather choose.


-- They wont follow the rest –like standing in a queue or rituals that have NIL
-- creative thought.


-- They are "system busters" as they can see facile ways to do usual things.
-- They are internally rebellious. They want to CHANGE the world and the system,
-- and wont take the beaten track.


-- They are aloof at school as they don’t see much of intelligence around and
-- don’t care for learning by rote and repetition. They get frustrated when they
-- see big brother watching and manipulating them. They hate dishonesty and can
-- sense it.


-- They want to be leaders—they wont like to be part of a stupid team, and hence
-- prefers to work or play alone. They are ready and determined warriors to cut
-- down the system which lacks integrity.


-- Have psychic and spiritual interests at a early age—and have belief in their
-- intuition—and are GIVERS.


-- Indigo children usually get poor grades in conventional schools due to their
-- rejection of authority, being smarter than their teachers and a lack of
-- response to guilt-traps, fear- or manipulation-based discipline.


-- They can multitask and think abstractly.


-- They are at extremes— nothing in between . Can have rage as they wont express
-- anger inwards.





Indigo is a higher vibratory aspect of blue -- indigo provides an entry to the
astral world as it is the colour of deep emptiness, travel into the self,
ancient memories, primordial secrets , sixth sense and deep intuition .


Indigo is one of the best pain killers and the MOST visible colour. It heals the
etheric body and etheric template. It strengthens the pituitary gland . It is an
astringent and purifier. Indigo is also used to enhance psychic awareness and
clarity of divination.


If you cover your body with indigo colour no fly of mosquito will come near you.


Psychic abilities to read the Akashic records are real, and indeed everything
that has every happened in this world is written in the vacuum fabric of space
and time.


Human consciousness is able to read this book of life.


The Vedic sages were Indigo children with 12 strand DNA and king size resonating
Pineal glands. The Vedic civilisation flourished from 9000 BC to 4000 BC on the
banks of the river Saraswati, till the river dried up due to an earthquake
blocking the glacial mouth at the Himalayas.
********************************************************************************
GOLD FINGER -- AJIT VADAKAYIL









ENERGY AND “ GOLD FINGER” TERRORISM- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



A few years ago my chemical tanker ship docked at Bejaya in Algeria. No shore
leave was possible due to tight anti-terrorism security. ( It is from Bejaya
that Fibonacci took the secrets of ZERO and Indian numerals to Europe ). A year
ago some terrorists came by boat on a ship at anchorage and shot dead all the
crew, for no reason.


I had one on one conversations with few intelligent local people. They said
terrorism is Algeria will stop only after all the natural gas has been bled from
the country by the white man. Algeria has one of the biggest gas deposits in the
world under its desert sands.




I remembered the Ian Fleming 007 James Bond book GOLD FINGER where the entire
gold in Fort Knox would have been radiated , to keep it safe .


History shows that where ever costly minerals were found in Africa the poor
locals lost their blood and suffered endlessly.


Energy is the reason for terrorism and violence in Iraq , Nigeria , Libya and
many other countries.




And now Uranium and Thorium rich Somalia has joined the list too.


Since India has the worlds best Thorium reserves, the white man is tripping over
each other to offer us OBSELETE Uranium powered nuclear reactors. This is like
trying to palm off a useless 20 year old MS DOS laptop to you , so that you will
NOT buy the latest processor model .




Our president Abdul Kalam had told on national television years back that India
must develop Thorium based nuclear reactors. Thorium contains 150 times more
energy than Uranium and is the MOST efficient combustible . It is found along
with actinides Uranium and Plutonium in the Periodic table. Since Thorium is
only slightly radio active , it is clean with no burden of nuclear waste
disposal.

 


Lead derived from Thorium has higher atomic weight that lead derived from
Uranium. Ordinary lead , Uranium derived lead and Thorium derived lead are
physically , chemically and spectroscopically identical. Xrays which vibrate at
400000000 billion to 6000000000 times per second are chemical light phenomenon
produced by Gamma rays of Uranium and Thorium.



After extraction from ore, thorium does not require energy-intensive enrichment
as is the case with uranium. A thorium-powered reactor is inherently safe. It
doesn't run the risk of "meltdown" or explosion nor can even a dirty bomb be
created. Its nuclear reaction simply stops when its neutron exciter is turned
off.



A thorium powerpack's neutron excitor does not use radioactive flux components
as conventionally done for portable systems. It works of resonant phonon pair
cleavage using specifically designed nuclear lattice holo-forms (holographic
waveforms) to induce neutron imbalance in a host atom where the host atom then
attempts to establish "balance" through the liberation of neutrons.



Commercial thorium powerpacks can be developed with 50 or 100 kilowatts of
output for home use, and up to 1 megawatt for industrial use. They actually are
"power amplifiers" with power outputs of 60 times over input power. Maintenance
would be minimal.





Bombardment of thorium-232 by slow neutrons yields the fissile isotope
uranium-233. This process is comparable to the process by which fast neutrons
“breed” fissile plutonium-239 from nonfissile uranium-238.. The thorium-uranium
fuel cycle is being studied by scientists as an alternative to the uranium-
plutonium fuel cycle.


When you bombard the slightly radioactive heavy metal thorium 232 with neutrons,
you convert it to fissionable uranium 233. Instead of water, the reactor
circulates thorium tetrafluoride fuel through the reactor core dissolved in
molten lithium and beryllium fluoride salts.

A small amount of U233—supplies the neutrons that cause fission. Excess neutrons
fly off into a surrounding blanket of molten thorium salt to convert more
thorium into new U233 fuel, which can then be used to keep the reaction going.

Because the molten salt expands when heated, it is inherently safe. The lower
density fuel won't support a continuing nuclear reaction. Every stage of this
process—fuel loading, neutron management, fuel separation, heat exchange,
refueling, and waste separation—has been successfully tested in actual US
reactors.



A few years ago my ship docked at Munguba inside one of the minor tributaries (
Jari )of the mighty Amazon river. We were to load Kaolin. I asked a few locals ,
why Kaolin out here in this god forsaken neck of the woods?





It so transpired that the Yanks found gold out there about 50 years ago— they
made a smoke screen by planting fast growing Eucalyptus trees . They stole all
the gold and opened kick back bank accounts for a few Brazilian ministers in
USA. And while they were doing all this they stumbled on to Kaolin.
********************************************************************************
THE INDENTURED COOLIE, SLAVERY REINVENTED -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

WE FIND STUPID INDIANS CRYING FOR THE FAKE 6 MILLIONS JEWS OF THE HOLOCAUST.

90 MILLIONS HINDUS – YES - 90 MILLION -- WERE SLAUGHTERED – AND NOBODY CARES .
  
ENCYCLOPEDIAS DID NOT RECORD IT, TILL THIS BLOGSITE FORCED THEM TO  .
  
THIS 90 MILLION DOES NOT INCLUDE THE FAMINE DEATHS  IN INDIA –DELIBERATELY
INTRODUCED IN SUCH A FERTILE COUNTRY..

9.8 million Indians  died in the great DELIBERATE famine of 1769- -deliberately
starved by Rothschild controlled East India company employee Warren Hastings ,
who wanted Opium , Indigo and Jute for export instead of food.

Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE Guntur famine in 1832 to make people
lose hope and force them to migrate as Indentured labour in foreign lands .
Rothschild planned two years in advance as in 1834 Black slavery was abolished
and replaced by Indian Indentured labour.

Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE Orissa famine caused by Rothschild in
1866 / 67 where 5.8 million Indians died of starvation .There was mass exodus
and indentured labour to foreign lands

Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE famine in India of 1876–78 where 6.3
million Indians died , while 61 million Indians starved . Again there was mass
exodus to foreign lands as indentured labour.

We Indians are more familiar with the DELIBERATE famine in 1943 ( Bengal ) for
which Amartya sen got the Nobel prize when 5.2 million Indians died. Rothschild
screwed the Bengali clan of Subhash Chandra Bose who dared to jump from British
camp to Jap camp in the middle of WW2


 IWANTEVERYDESHBHAKTINDIANTOREADTHEPOSTBELOW–


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/unquantified-holocaust-and-
genocide.html






THE INDENTURED COOLIE , SLAVERY REINVENTED -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Some push us around, some curse us Where is our splendor and prestige ? The
whole world calls us black thieves.  The whole world calls us “coolie.” Why
doesn’t our flag fly anywhere? Why do we feel low and humiliated? Why is there
no respect for us in this world?


-- 200 year old Indian immigrant song





My first introduction to indentured labour was in 1975 when as a young third
officer my ship was navigating off Suriname. I had the DF on MW and heard Hindi
and Bhojpuri mix with a strange accent on radio .





Seeing my puzzled look, my old quarter master told me that half the population
of Suriname are the descendants of Indentured labor from India . He told me a
few shocking stories narrated to him when he was a young strapping sailor by
Lascars.




Now lascar is also a derogatory term like coolie—only difference being Lascar is
Indian sailor scum who worked under European officers on olden sailing tall
ships.





Since then whenever my ship went to lands where Indian indentured labour worked
two centuries ago , I made it a point to get information . Countries like
Guyana, Suriname, Trinidad, Jamaica, South Africa, Mauritius, Fiji, Reunion ,
Kenya , Tanzania, Malaya etc had the bulk of Indian labour.





Most of the time it would be Government servants of Indian origin like
Immigration, Customs, port Health, agents etc who visited the ship for arrival
formalities. The young lot only knew that they were Indians , almost all of them
used Bollywood movies to be in touch with their roots.





These countries have destroyed all history of indentured labour , even in their
history text books of school. The idea was to destroy their psyche and to
destroy the fountainhead of spirit.. I had specific questions for them about
their wretched history and they would come back and tell after consulting their
nostalgic grandparents.




Such interaction invariably rekindled something inside their DNA and they hoped
to visit India to trace their roots and culture. All of them were happy and
privileged to speak to an original Indian from the motherland.




Around 1834 the English speaking white man abolished slavery. He then reinvented
slavery in the form of Indentured labour from India. It was a worse form of
slavery. Attractive ,glowing , blushing , dark skinned young Indian women , now
came into the equation.






It was a win-win situation for the sailors on ships on the long 20 week voyage
and the white colonial masters and overseers in the destination country. After
all the black slave women could not hold their interest.






Recruiting agents in India called Arkatia ( the hook ) were paid a handsome some
for good looking native women. Invariably the naive protector husbands, fathers
or brothers of such women would mysteriously fall overboard, get killed or get
missing.

 Thesegulliblemalesusedtobepromisedcushysupervisoryjobsandhandsomewagesandthepro
 misethatthepromisedlandisjustoverthehorizon.Somewomenwerejustkidnappedandshangh
 aied.Somewerechildwidowswhohadnothingtolose.









All were duped into signing ( thumb printing ) extensive 5 year contracts with
vague terms and conditions in English, which they could not understand. The
British government in India and even the Christian missionaries did nothing to
stop this blatant mass deception. Sometimes just before sailing women would be
secretly separated from their husbands and put on the next ship.




A lot of women died of venereal diseases. A lot men and children died on the sea
passage due to dysentery, typhoid, malnutrition etc. The ships doctor would be
given a bonus for every person delivered alive.


The survivors of the terrible sea voyage kala paani ordeal, sitting , sleeping
and eating amidst their own waste, identified themselves with the ship they
travelled and forged a sense of unity and strong bhai—behen bonds, with only
their religion , culture and festivals for spiritual resilience and support.







More than a million Indentured Indians landed in the Caribbean itself. A lot of
them were cotton and Indigo workers whose industries were destroyed by the
British East India company (owned by Rothschild German Jews).





Prime fertile land was earmarked for growing opium, to be sold in China for
massive profits.  An onerous taxation system forced many starving farmers off
their land. Vague records were maintained.




Most of the indentured labour were from UP, Bihar, Orissa, Bengal and Tamil
nadu.





As soon as the Indentured Indian landed ashore he would be marched to estates
and housed in slave barracks without mattresses or pillows.





Life was dehumanizing, with no honour, little pay, poor diet, long toiling hours
, insults , monetary fines and floggings with cattle whips at the slightest
provocation.




Cat of nine tails was used on deserters to bloody their backs and then rubbed
with chillie and salt. Most of the time these "deserters" were the guys who
objected to their pretty wives and sisters being taken away by the white man to
his home for sex.




Death from Malaria, Typhoid, TB , Cholera , Beriberi, Hookworm etc took the
toll. There was no clean water or latrines. They were unable even to bury or
cremate the dead. In Grenada about 2000 sick Indians were kicked off the estate
to die on the road side, nude ,skeleton ed and maggotted with even the parish
missionaries turning the other way from these poor wailing souls .




In Africa while building rail and roads they were eaten up by lions . After
completing their 5 year contract they had to pay for their return fare.

And with monetary fines for small offences, there was little money.





A new born child would be arbitrarily recorded as “ coolie” with name of father
and mother also as “coolie “. If you go to South Africa , where there are
currently about 1.2 million Indians--and look into the telephone directory there
are more NAIDOOS than the Naidus in India.




The grapevine is as follows — a ship lands up , the white immigration officer is
drunk, hot and bothered seeing so many monkey look alikes . He says “ All of you
fuc#ers are NAIDOOS — carry on!” .





You will find hundreds of Indian names like Govender ( Govinda ), Moodley (
Murali ), Patiyachi ( beats me? ) in the telephone directory too.





Never in the history of mankind has there been a saga of such greed and
injustice-- where more than 1.3 million innocent humans were duped whole sale ,
given a life sentence , dumped in far flung corners of the planet and forgotten
for ever.


Name of Colony        /  Number of Indian Indentured slaves

Mauritius             480,000 British Guiana      246,000 Trinidad 145,000
Jamaica 39,000 Grenada            4,000 St Lucia 5,100 Natal
154,000 St Kitts            500 St Vincent 2,600 Reunion            28,000
Surinam            36,000 Fiji 65,000 East Africa 39,000 Seychelles        9,000
Others 47,000

Total               1,300,200





Today there are 3.1 million Indian origin people in the Caribbean alone.





The majority of the Indians living in the English-speaking Caribbean came from
eastern Uttar Pradesh and western Bihar, while those brought to Guadeloupe and
Martinique were mostly from,  from Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. About twenty
two percent of the indentured were Tamils and Telugus particularly in Trinidad
and Tobago, and Guyana.




Yes -- SLAVERY REINVENTED by "man without a conscience" --John Gladstone and
endorsed by the British crown.




Fabulously rich John Gladstone, (1763-1851) owned almost all the sugar
plantations in Jamaica, and was the biggest slave trader .  He was the stooge of
Opium runner and British East India company owner, German Jew R0thschild,  in
British Parliament, where he was MP for 9 years.





When slavery was abolished he was desperate to get Indentured labour from India,
in his estates. The Indians lived in worse slave like conditions, and he would
NOT even feed them properly.





This evil and greedy man fooled the Indians by false promises. From 1838 to
1917, In British Guiana alone 260, 000 Indians were slaves. He bribed British
Prime minister Sir Robert Peel, and made himself a Baronet in 1846. Then he
bribed again using his Rothschild connection, and made sure his son , William
Ewart Gladstone, was in politics in the cabinet of "good friend" Robert Peel,
and in line to be future Prime Minister of UK.






AN APOLOGY IS LONG OVERDUE.


I have interviewed lot of Telugu Indians aboard who were Indentured slaves- a
lot of them in South Africa—the NAIDOOOS, the GOVENDERS , the PATIYAACHIS, the
MOODLEYS  . I went to their homes and talked to their grandfathers.

Some remember as TERRIBLE GUNTUR FAMINE in 1832.   They said there was NO
cholera or small pox—it was DELIBERATE famine created by the white invader to
make them lose hope, convert them to indentured coolies..

Most of the Guntur , Masulipatnam (Machilipatnam) Indians were farmers and
weavers.  Masulipatnam was the the first trading settlement on the East coast of
India established by Rothschild for his British East India Company. The famous
Muslin cloth was created for the ancients Greeks at Masulie ( Maisolos ).

60% of the people of Guntur area when the exodis started on British East India
Company ships. Sir Walter Elliot writes that the famine of 1833 and the
following epidemic had prostrated Guntur district and that "a man in perfect
health was hardly to be seen anywhere".

The superior Indian weaver’s cloth has no buyers in Manchester and Lancaster
thanks to Rothschild controlled labour unions.

The Rothschild stooge President of the Blackburn Chamber of Commerce said that
"the manufacturers of Lancashire should carefully watch the doings of the Indian
manufactur­ers, they did try to place artificial obstacles in the way of
development of this industry in India.


The legendary Guntur famine of 1832–1833 followed by DELIBERATE crop failure as
well as excessive and uncertain levels of taxation on peasants.  The ruling
British East India Company took no measures were adopted to formulate any
general system of famine relief or prevention.


Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE Orissa famine deliberately caused by
Rothschild in 1866 / 67 where 5.8 million Indians died of starvation.





The Indian Vedic civilisation flourished from 9000 BC to 4000 BC on the banks of
the river Saraswati, till the river dried up due to an earthquake blocking the
glacial mouth at the Himalayas. In 9500 BC the white mans land had just come out
from the Quaternary ice age.











John Gladstone's exact words in the British Parliament was QUOTE "--  negroes
yield to the ardent and uncontrolled influence of the fassions, where a
promiscuous intercourse of the sexes takes place, there consequently fewer
children are born ...so constant supply of negroes from Africa is requisite.--"
UNQUOTE


NATHAN MAYER ROTHSCHILD NEEDED A SYSTEM WHERE DEAD SLAVES DO NOT HAVE TO BE
REPLACED BY MORE SHIPMENTS OF SLAVES--



THEY NEEDED THEIR SLAVES TO REPRODUCE IN A PROFLIGATE MANNER, WHILE IN SLAVERY
AND WHILE ON THE JOB. HENCE THE JUMP FROM SLAVES TO " FERTILE INDIAN GENE
INDENTURED LABOUR" --USING SLAVE TRADER JOHN GLADSTONE TO ARGUE THE CASE.




IMAGINE A FAMOUS SLAVE TRADER JOHN GLADSTONE WAS MADE BARONET IN 1846, SUCH WAS
THE MORALITY OF THE BRITISH QUEEN AND THE WORTH OF KNIGHTHOOD OF THE CROWN.




Below are pictures of slave trader Sir John Gladstone and his son William
Gladstone, who was made Prime Minister







crossing over seven seas promised a new land how we have been crimped by them
and taken to Surinam

clothing, food, jewellery all hope bound in togs with the blessing of God Rama
in our hands depending on strangers on the water with some regret and pain in
the heart may be better times will come now after years of waiting we too get
some warmth of the sun

a few months together on the ship mutual ties originate the contract safely
packed away all kinds of thoughts appear what kind of people will we meet in
that land will harvest be good after five years of working hard and saving I
will return to my village

after such a long time in Surinam, brother slowly one will get used to
everything now after having worked so hard to leave everything behind and return
stay here says the heart the state supports too with a piece of land but in a
corner of my heart remains the dream of returning to my village, one day
********************************************************************************
LET LOOSE THE DOGS OF WAR -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





















WHO LET THE DOGS OUT — CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Whoever let the dogs out, pray like hell they are not Tibetan mastiffs.

These powerful and highly spirited dogs , who CAN IGNORE PAIN , scare away
leopards and packs of wolves. They can zig-zag corners with greater differential
agility and grace than mountain leopards.

“ Let loose the dogs of war” is actually a true call given by the likes of
“ Genghis Khan and Attila the Hun.

They had hordes of tenacious and agile Tibetan mastiffs , each weighing more
than 100 kilos with their armies. Their booming barks could be heard miles away,
terrorising enemy horses. These dogs size up the situation before attacking, and
can conserve energy.

There is no other animal on the planet of its like.



Alexander the Great was presented with one and he took it with him back to
Europe. By the way, Alexanders horse was never the same after being terrorised
by an elephants roar during a battle in India. Queen Victoria was also presented
with a huge one by the Indian Viceroy.



I once had a conversation with a shipping billionare. He boasted after a couple
of drinks -- “ I have a yacht, airplane, Harley Davidson blah blah” . I asked
him , “ Do you have a Tibetan mastiff ? “ -- and that pricked his bubble . He
did not even know what it was.

Tibetan mastiffs are the most expensive dogs to own as a pet.  Prices for a
trained dog, can go up to  1.8 million US dollars . These dogs have a penchant
for cleanliness, like cats.



They have two spots on each inner eyebrow.



These dogs are found only in the Himalayas. They guard the Buddhist monasteries
in Tibet. Lack of inter breeding has kept the race pure.

The dogs are brave , fierce , loyal , elegant and have outstanding intelligence
and stamina. Even if the noble and strong willed dog is deliberately kept
starved it will not attack the livestock of its master.



At night it loves to bark as is programmed in its DNA, but the moment you take
it indoors it stops barking. It has a kind expression as is seen in the
picture—notice the mane and the huge bear like head.

Its booming bark contains the mysterious INFRASOUND that freezes blood (
cortisol release affecting neuro transmitters ) due to fear.  Even mountain
leopards run away.

As soon as Chanakya came to know that Alexander the great had crossed the
Dardenelles with his Greek army, he resigned from Taxila University. He mentored
a handpicked student Chandra Gupta Maurya . Kingmaker Chanakya got him crowned
Emperor of a new formed Maurya empire.

This united kingdom empire was waiting for the Greek invader .  Even before
Alexander fought King Porus, his frightened army horses were mentally
disintegrated just by the barks of a horde of Tibetan Mastiffs collected by
Chanakya .



It is difficult to train this dog as it is aloof and does not like being bossed
around. However it is very eager to please its master and people it knows.

The opposite holds good with strangers, it will not trust them or eat food if
offered.



No wonder this dog has tremendous awe value and holds the respect of all.




Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
THE RAPE OF THE SUBCONSCIOUS MIND -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL








THE RAPE OF THE SUBCONSCIOUS – -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Arnold Swartznegger was given a truth serum in the Hollywood movie “ True Lies
“.

All of a sudden it became fashionable to use truth serum to force criminal
suspects to tell the truth..

Recently I saw the method of using narcoanalysis (Sodium Pentothal) on the so
called killers of a school girl by the name of Aarushi Talwar, on a Indian
national TV channel.

Note:- I am a bit of a body language expert.   I do NOT see any real embedded
grief in her own parents -- whose flesh and blood she is.  Where is the catch?

I hasten to say, I found the method of interrogation 100% wrong. I was surprised
that no experts objected, during the subsequent days .

These interrogators had no dang idea how the human subconscious works. During
narcoanalysis , you must NOT suggest to the patient, like a hypnotist. The
patient may own up for a murder he has never done. Hypnosis is a whole different
ball game.

No justice was being done to the poor men ( scape goats actually ) being
interrogated, who were getting slapped regularly to prevent them from falling
asleep.

Subconscious mind responds to stimuli not pressure. A truth serum must not be
used to weaken the resolve of the subject and make him more compliant to
pressure.

It is a crime to RAPE the subconscious mind , by ignorant misuse of truth serum
sodium pentathol .

By injecting a truth serum a subject's delusions, fears and fantasies cannot be
distinguished from reality. People would even confess to crimes that they
clearly did not commit, perhaps the murder of a non-existent mistress or rape of
his neighbour.

Brain is not capable of distinguishing between reality and memory—the same
neurons are sparked when we see something as when we merely remember it.



Brain cannot distinguish between an image of experience and one of vivid
imagination. You can participate in an orgy or think of an orgy, your wee willie
winkie will give the same standing ovation.

This drug, Sodium Pentothal is usually used in medicine as sedatives. It acts as
a depressant on the central nervous system and bring on a state of complete
relaxation and a feeling of well-being. It just makes you chatty, as inhibitions
are lost..

So all that a "truth serum" will do is probably loosen a person's tongue when
you're very suggestible during the sedative, or relaxed, stage of anaesthesia.
But there's absolutely no guarantee of truth.

The reality is that you stay in this stage for only a very short time - so you
have to be continually "topped up" with more drugs. This can involve many
injections ( probably half a dozen) over a period of 2 - 8 hours. Sometimes with
improper dose , the subject does not increase truth- telling, but merely
increases talking; hence, both truth and bull will be revealed in that
construct. The patient may lose the inhibition, but may not lose his self-
control. . There is no drug that will relax a person's defences so that they
will happily and reliably reveal the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the
truth.

The only 100% reliable way is to falsely give the subject the tendency to
believe that he has revealed more than they actually did, and then make him
confess the next day , at a time when his system is totally free of this drug—
basically a form of trickery.

If you were to drink a glass of water with Sodium Pentothal, it would depress
your central nervous system, slow your heart rate and lower your blood pressure.
All of the listed above affects are the functions of any commonplace sedative.

When a person is in coma , anastesia, narco serum, shock, seizure or
sleeping—the subconscious minds are wide open. Anything that will be said in
their presence will be accepted by the spirit which will begin carrying it out.

Any passing comment or trivial statements can have a devastating effect on our
subconscious mind because it is not argumentative or analytical. It accepts all
statements directly on the face value. Even prayers and beliefs are positive
signals which we give to our subconscious mind as something acceptable and true.

The subconscious mind cannot tell the difference between a real experience and
one that you vividly imagine. You can fool it.


It is necessary to understand how the subconscious works. The subconscious mind
does not think—it is only a store house of our experience. It has no sense of
time. It cannot differentiate between positive and negative input. It cannot
tell the difference between real and imagines experience.

The conscious mind can be engaged 100% in talking or deep thinking while the
subconscious keeps the car on the road. The conscious and subconscious minds are
connected through a filter. So we cant read the contents of our subconscious
mind



Conscious = induction+ deduction ( determines what is to be done ). LEFT BRAIN
LOBE : Numbers, written language, reasoning, spoken language, scientific skills
, RH control

Subconscious = only deduction ( no thinking , draws conclusions, does not care
for right or wrong, gives the power to do the job ) RIGHT BRAIN LOBE ( for right
handers ): Insight, 3D forms , art, imagination, music, left hand control





Subconscious, mental activities within an individual proceed without his
awareness. Dreams and slips of the tongue are concealed examples of unconscious
content too threatening to be confronted directly.

When the situation demands we are able to use the subconscious memory to the
full extent—but only in relation to the specific problem. The conscious mind has
limited memory. The subconscious mind has unlimited memory.

Subconscious mind never sleeps even in a coma. the Subconscious has a tendency
to accept what it imagines as real.

Every experience we have ever had is impressed somewhere in the electrochemical
cells in our brain. The brain records every thing—every thing senses by our 5
senses—and it is imprinted in the brain cells for ever. Whenever something
reactivates those cells we get a mental picture duplicating the original
experience.

The central nervous system does not know the difference between visualization
and the event. Visualizing you are having sex and doing the real thing has the
same effect. The picture in our mind has an impact on every cell in our bodies.
Thinking is not an action of the mind , but an action of our entire body. Tell
your subconscious what you want repeatedly and it will produce it. You can call
this visualization or intention.

The subconscious has a perfect memory. Every thing you have experienced using
your 5 senses is part of the permanent memory of the subconscious mind, which
never sleeps The subconscious mind acts on old beliefs stored over a lifetime.
Many of those beliefs you may have accepted without thinking. Or you may have
absorbed them when you were too young to exercise choice.

Hypnosis is state wherein your conscious (thinking) mind becomes bored … it
relaxes and stops thinking Persons who can do self hypnosis has discovered the
secret of successful living. All hypnosis is self hypnosis.—no one can hypnotise
you against your will. There is no loss of consciousness in hypnosis.


Hypnosis is an altered state of consciousness, during which the conscious
critical mind is relaxed and relatively inactive, and the doorway to the
subconscious, inner mind is opened with a person’s permission. A hypnotist talks
directly to the subconscious mind, without interference from reasoning . Truth
serums are also used in psychiatry to help patients speak more freely during
psychoanalysis because they help the patient release many thoughts locked in the
subconscious.

The subconscious mind is protective. Hypnotized people will accept suggestions
that are acceptable, and reject suggestions that are not acceptable. a person is
in Hypnosis, he is not asleep. He or she is very much aware of all that is going
on. In actuality, in Hypnosis, one’s senses become heightened and more acute.

Hypnosis is not a truth serum. Subjects in Hypnosis reveal no secrets in the
Hypnotic State that they would not reveal (because they want to) in the Waking
State. Hypnosis is a cooperative and collaborative relationship. The subject
retains full control and responsibility for his or her actions at all times.

The hypnotized subject or patient is NOT asleep. He is relaxed, comfortable,
focused, and in a state of daydream type thinking. His analyzing thinking mind
(Conscious mind) is turned off and his feeling and intuitive and creative mind
(Subconscious) is aware of everything that is going on.

A hypnotized subject cannot be made to do anything he is not willing to do. If a
person is not willing to cooperate, he cannot be hypnotized. Hypnosis is NOT
about the hypnotist controlling the patient. It is about the patient gaining
more control over himself.

By following the "hypnotist's" instructions, you become more suggestible. When
you are in this altered state of increased suggestibility, your mental "clutter"
is cleared away so that you can pay attention to the hypnotist's suggestions and
be open to experiencing new perspectives and solutions to your problem.

Once the Hypnotic State is induced and the doorway to the Subconscious Mind is
opened, with your permission, the competent Hypnotist can provide information,
in a language and form that the Subconscious can accept, to help you change the
behaviors, feelings and thoughts that you want to change. We utilize the fact
that the Subconscious Mind has the ability (actually the tendency) to accept
what it imagines as real.

Some people can go into hypnosis while riding a stationary bicycle ( repetitive
). , if a hypnotherapist`s suggestion conflicts with a client's value system,
the client simply brings him or herself up out of hypnosis; they just "wake up."
a person cannot be hypnotized to do anything not in line with their moral and
value system.

Olympic teams have Hypnotists to facilitate top performances from its athletes.
A hypnotic stage is not mysterious. You actually enter and exit this state of
mind many times during a ordinary day. Something triggers this state.

Subconscious mind has a memory of 100 trillion images, all our experiences,
emotions and feelings are stored as an image or a sound in a digitised manner .
Data that cannot be recalled are retained in the subconscious. A person may be
unconscious of ever having been locked in a closet as a child, yet under
hypnosis he may recall the experience vividly.

Negative suggestions with growing children gets rooted in their subconscious
mind and is reflected later in their behavior.

During hypnosis –our conscious mind goes into a trance and suggestions are given
directly to the subconscious mind, which cannot argue but accepts the suggestion
at its face value.

We do self hypnosis unknowingly several times an a day while doing our day to
day activities. This is how our body learns to relax otherwise we would die of
stress at a very early age. Any monotonous sequence of events make it boring for
the brain and eventually it starts producing a hormone called Serotin which
induces a drowsy state of mind.

On my ship if have seen the POWERS OF VODKA as a truth serum especially in
conjunction with suitable music and blue light for the alpha state , that can
open pathways to the subconscious.
********************************************************************************
RADHA BINOD PAL, THE FORGOTTEN INDIAN-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
























RADHA BINOD PAL – VICTORS JUSTICE-- WAR CRIME TRIBUNAL-  HIDEKI TOJO HAIKU-
HIROSHIMA NAGASAKI

A few years ago I stayed in Japan for a month to take delivery of a new ship ,
from the yard.

During one of the official dinners , the boss of the yard asked me if I knew
PERRUYYA. I was taken aback a bit, still I said yes.

And then the man shed a few tears , and then continued on and on about Perruya—
what a great hero he is for the Japanese people, and how his shrine at Chiyoda
Tokyo is a place of worhip.

My puzzled Canadian Chief Engineer asked me, “ Who the hell is this guy? “.

I said “ He means Pal Lawyer!, I’ll tell you later, about him ”

My chief engineer whispered into my ear “ How can Perruyya be Pal Lawyer? “ .

I said “ When one of my officers Japanese girl friends got upset with my second
officer for ditching her , she had barged into the officers lounge and shouted “
I don’t rrike you, I don’t rrove you, you are butter frry, you are prray boy,
you are ARRU FUCKIN’ BARRU “ . This could only have meant - “ You are a
butterfly, you are a playboy , you are all balls !”

--considering Japs can’t pronounce L , like how the Chinks can’t pronounce R.

In Rabaul ( Papua New Guinea ) I have seen from my cabin port hole , Japanese
tourists lying face down on the mud on top of one of the World war 11 Japanese
warship wrecks – I knew how emotional they could get over their dead ancestors.

Radha Binod Pal (27 January 1886 – 10 January 1967) was just one of the 11
jurists of the International military tribunal set up after the 2nd word war,
known as Tokyo trials, to punish the Japanese .

Only one person was a career judge – the ex-professor of Law at Calcutta
University, Justice Radhabinod Pal. The rest, mostly British, American and
Australian were either ex-army officers or diplomats. Except for Judge
Radhabinod Pal, no one had any legal training, formal or informal. No wonder Pal
was the most eloquent and informed man on the bench in matters of international
law .

Pal was expected to toe the line of his white ex-masters. However Pal had the
courage to stand by his convictions. He refused to let Allied political concerns
and purposes, let alone the charter, influence his judgment in any way . While
clearly acknowledging the fact that the Japanese were indeed guilty of
horrendous war crimes, he argued that the Allies who were judging them were also
guilty of the same.

Indeed he questioned the very legitimacy of the Military Tribunal, and argued
that it was driven solely by the spirit of retribution rather than international
law. According to his view, the trial was the judgment of the vanquished by the
victors; such proceedings, even if clothed in the garb of law, resulted in
nothing but the satisfaction of the desire for vengeance.

In his lone dissent, he refers to the trial as a "sham employment of legal
process for the satisfaction of a thirst for revenge." His very detailed
document of dissent was promptly banned from publication, for many years. His
judgement that the Allies were also equally guilty of war crimes, and that
victors justice cannot be endorsed , was not palatable , at all.

He brought in Hiroshima and Nagasaki in his judgment as atrocities comparable
with Nazi crimes. No wonder Justice Radhabinod Pal has the status of a national
hero in Japan.

A memorial in his honor is prominent in the Yasukuni shrine in Tokyo.

In 1966, the Emperor of Japan conferred upon Pal the First Class of the Order of
the Sacred Treasure when he visited Japan. He remarked that he had admired Japan
from a young age for being the only Asian nation that "stood up against the
West."

When Japanese Prime minister Shinzo Abe visited India ,in August 2007 he
remember how Pal had saved his grandfather Nobusuke Kishi, guilty of war crimes,
and the Japanese Emperor, from the gallows. (Japanese Prime Minister Hideki Tojo
, who sanctioned the attack on Pearl Harbour, was however hanged . Hideki Tojo
left a haiku written in Pal's honour before going to the gallows) .

Pal would bow to the Japanese benches every time he entered the court,
irritating all. This was despite , that the number of Indian combatants killed
in World War II exceeded the numbers of those of most of the other countries
directly involved.  And Indians soldiers of Subash Chandra Bose's INA were
tricked into digging 650 kilometers of tunnels in Rabaul-- a task worse than
death itself.  And all of them were eaten for food--except for a few who escaped
into the dense jungles..

Prime Minister Shinzo Abe met with Pal's son, Prasanta, in Kolkata . They
chatted for half an hour at a city hotel.

Pal is also worshipped at the Kao Kannon temple at Atami. The ashes of Hideki
Tojo is preserved here.

********************************************************************************
THE VEDIC QUANTUM INTENTION EXPERIMENT-- COCONUT BREAKING-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL













COCONUT BREAKING -- THE VEDIC QUANTUM INTENTION EXPERIMENT— CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Since past 11000 years Hindu vedic rituals require breaking of the coconut at
Yagnas. It is form of bloodless sacrifice. The liquid spilt is electrolytic
plasma.


The vedic civilisation flourished from 9000 BC to 4000 BC on the banks of the
river Saraswati, till the river dried up due to an earthquake blocking the
glacial mouth at the Himalayas. These seers had 12 strand DNA and king sized
resonating pineal glands.





In quantum physics terms -- it causes a " butterfly effect " .





It is all about HUMAN INTENTION, COSMIC CONSCIOUSNESS, SCALAR WAVES and ZERO
POINT FIELD.



Potential is only manifested when we provide the frequency information through
our intentions— concept of MIND OVER MATTER.


For the uninitiated –it is just a pure offering to god. Rather the purest as
faster than light, NEUTRINOS don't pass through it.





There is nothing on this planet purer or more sterile than tender coconut water.
The water has a divine quality as it contains lauric acid found in mothers milk
and is also identical to human plasma.


Because of its capacity to dissolve numerous substances in large amounts, pure
water rarely occurs in nature.


There are three eyes on top of the coconut shell. Only piercing the middle one
will allow you to access the water inside. This middle eye is referred to as
Shiva’s third eye. Rather its is the mediator( sattva ) of yin- yang or tamas
-rajas.





The water is an electrolyte and boosts circulation and is anti bacterial.


While breaking the coconut the devotee must INTEND as per the vedic traditions.
This is to tune our self to the quantum level energy matrix, this energy is
transferred to our DNA.


Human intention can create quantum fluctuations in the ZERO POINT FIELD , a vast
unharnessed energy source . We resonate in Zero Point Energy —human intention
can influence the universe.


Nikola Tesla was introduced to this ocean of energy --Akasha ( Ether ) by The
Hindu great master Swami Vivekananda. He told Tesla that the "emptiness" of
empty space is in fact not empty, but a great ocean of seething energy! This
included the empty space within the atom in which electrons zoomed around.
Akasha is the womb of creation bringing forth every physical aspect that can be
perceived with the senses according to Hindu traditions.





Consciousness, is a form of EM energy, that focused thought (with intent) can
achieve extraordinary things


A beam of coherent intention is split into two—past and future. They meet in the
present moment of NOW in the holographic universe.





 Hologramsarethree-dimensionalpicturesplacedonatwo-
 dimensionalsurface,whichgivestheimageacurvaturewhentheobservermoves.








Our brain stores information in a holographic form. Each cell in our body
carries all the information's needed to produce a copy.


Your intention ( basically an impulse ) is a powerful activator of your internal
pharmacy. “Deliver us from evil” is the usual intention. Each individual mind
has access to the universal mind. Human perception occurs because of
interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains an the quantum energy
sea. We literally resonate the Cosmos.


The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention.





SCALAR WAVES CAN BE REGARDED AS ELECTROMAGNETIC SOUND WAVES-- BEING
LONGITUDINAL, AND NOT TRANSVERSE. Scalar waves from your mobius supercoil DNA
couples with intention and consciousness. Intentions enhance the body’s natural
flow of scalar energy produced by DNA. Your DNA can send and receive powerful
data through the universal network of ether..


Scalar waves are created by a pair of identical waves (usually called the wave
and its anti wave) that are in phase spatially, but out of phase temporally. The
two waves are physically identical, but 180 degrees out of phase in terms of
time. Scalar waves are different from normal hertzian waves– like an infinitely
projected mobius pattern on axis, and are more field like than wave like.


Scalar waves can be created by wrapping electrical wires around a figure eight
in the shape of a möbius coil. When an electric current flows through the wires
in opposite directions, the opposing electromagnetic fields from the two wires
cancel each other and create a scalar wave. Have a a look at the pictures of the
FIGURE OF EIGHT mobius coils in your 8 strand DNA ( with evolution it will
become 12 strand, like for Indigo children ) . The möbius coil intersection
occurs just in front of the lungs, which contain a huge web-like network of
capillary connections. This capillary network acts as a battery for the storage
of scalar waves.





DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether..
In the quantum holographic DNA-wave biocomputer theory, DNA is a self-
calibrating antenna working by phase conjugate ( scalar waves and phase
conjugation) adaptive resonance , capable of both receiving and transmitting
quantum holographic information , stored in the form of diffraction patterns-
quantum holograms.





Zero Point Field is an information field as it encodes everything that has left
its traces in the form of Scalar waves in this universe. This boils down to the
recording of every little thought that was ever thought and every little move
that was ever made. The interference patterns of the scalar waves form a huge
hologram that permeates the whole of the universe.


Intention is like the tuning fork which causes other forks to resonate to the
same frequency.








Chromosomes that are damaged by X-rays, for instance, can be repaired by simply
applying vibration and language, or sound combined with intention, or words or
Mantra, to DNA!. When properly activated by sound combined with intention, the
superconductor that is DNA is designed to re-harmonize the entire bioenergy
blueprint.


The seemingly magical operations of psychoenergetics, sometimes called
"psychotronics," cannot be achieved with ordinary transverse EM wave energy. But
they are possible with longitudinal scalar waves because the mind itself is
scalar in nature


We cannot observe the quantum world using our limited five senses. Instead we
must imagine particles as they really are-- structures of matter waves (like
quantum waves) in their wave medium, the quantum ether.


Our intentions create our reality. As proved amply by the double slit experiment
the consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being.






Nothing in the universe existed as an actual thing independently of our
perception of it.


Mind and matter are both made of the same basic stuff. The difference has to be
found in the composition of vibration or ripples. Matter belongs to larger and
slower waves, which implies that it possesses less energy of the absolute. Mind
is made out of much finer ripples, which indicate that it contains more of the
consciousness of the absolute.


Scalar waves allow for information transfer across the universe, connecting
every atom with every other atom and since these waves travel at super luminous
speeds they could be the explanation of the non-local effects that were
predicted in theory and empirically discovered in quantum physics.


Our universe is NOT a bunch of single individual parts of atoms, molecules,
planets and stars that only maintain contact by separate forces such as gravity
acting upon them. Quantum entangled particles keep their coherent relation
eternally and are not bothered by any distance separating them whether it be a
few millimetres or the distance of a galaxy.





Scalar waves are information carrying waves rather than energy waves. which are
linked to human consciousness and are created by human thought and emotions.
They are the interface between the mental and the physical world although we
must keep in mind that in reality there is no duality between them. Scalar waves
encode the information of space and time into a timeless spaceless quantum
shorthand of interference patterns.


Little did Darwin know , that Biology is a quantum DNA process. All the
processes in the body including cell communications are triggered by quantum
fluctuations, and all higher brain functions and consciousness also appears at
the quantum level. Newtons modern physics has set mankind back by many
centuries.



In ignoring the effect of ZPF he had eliminated the possibility of
interconnectedness and obscured a scientific explanation for many kinds of
miracles. Psychic remote viewers see information encoded in quantum fluctuation.
They pick this right out of the field. The US and Soviet armies have their own
psychic spying wing.






On Makara Sankranti , at the Sabarimala temple in Kerala, India - FIVE MILLION
minds having the same thought, format and intent, break coconuts.





 Thereexistsacoherenceinthe"many-mindstothedetectingcharges"oftheuniverse--atlea
 stinthatvolumeofspacewitharadiusequaltothespeedoflightmultipliedbythetimesincet
 heyallgainedthatcoherence.Collectiveconsciousnessisalifeforceflowingthroughtheu
 niverse.Remember,ourwishesandourintentionscreateourreality.





WHEN YOU BREAK THE COCONUT YOU MUST SHUT OFF YOUR INTERNAL MIND-MONKEY CHATTER,
BE IN THE MOMENT FOR THE BRIEF ALPHA STATE WITHOUT EGO , MAKE YOUR " INTENTION"
RING THE TUNING FORK OF YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS -- TO RESONATE TO THE QUANTUM LEVEL
ENERGY MATRIX -- AS A VORTEX OF GROUP COHERENT MEMORY.





-- AND UNLEASH THE SCALAR WAVES AT THE SPEED OF THOUGHT , LIKE A TSUNAMI NAY
-- --SOLITONINTO THE FABRIC OF SPACE TIME , TO DO ITS OWN MIRACLE.





If the coconut does not break into two even halves -- it is a divine indication
that what you intend may not succeed.


Tesla Coil only uses sine waves or harmonic waves and quantum chaos already
acknowledges that the sine wave creates a “hidden coherence” that bends space
time. The sine wave is the secret behind current faster-than-light quantum
electronics. The soliton is the quantum chaos sine wave that achieves anti
gravity.





The speed of light (communication), or electron to electron reaction, is slower
than the speed of gravity, or quark to quark reaction--hence the higher the
scalar wave frequency, the faster the time rate.


Next time you visit a doctor , pl be aware that the Intention of doctor is as
important as the medicine he gives you.


When a new Indian ship is launched , a coconut is broken on the ships bow, with
an intention that the ship and the sailors who man her, must be safe till she
goes for scrap.. This idea has been lifted and the rest of the world breaks a
champagne bottle.

Author Lynn McTaggart, has written a book " The intention experiment".  There is
NOT a single original idea in the entire book.  Yet she had NOT made a single
mention of Vedas or India."






World war 3 , will be all about engineering the collective conscious by scalar
interferometry -- the ultimate quantum psychotronic weapon.
********************************************************************************
PINEAL GLAND -- THE THIRD EYE-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL














PINOLINE GENERATOR -- THE PINEAL GLAND-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

The THIRD EYE of Lord Shiva is in reality is the Pineal Gland. This super
conducting resonator has mystical powers. Once the third eye is developed it is
far more powerful than any of your 5 human senses.

Though it is not part of the brain, the pineal gland develops from the roof of
the diencephalon, a section of the brain, and functions as a light receptor.
Darwin may not agree with me -- but, the pineal gland is the evolutionary
forerunner of the modern eye. . This gland synthesizes melatonin and enzymes
sensitive to diurnal light. Rhythmic changes in its activity in response to
cyclical photic input shows that the gland serves as a biological clock.

To activate the 'third eye' and perceive higher dimensions, the pineal ( soul )
and the pituitary ( body ) glands must vibrate in YIN-YANG unison, to create a
field , which is achieved through meditation, Mantra chanting ( cymatics )and
Surya yog ( sun gazing.)



The great Himalayan masters did surya yog by gazing at the rising sun with a
silver coin placed in between the eyebrows on the forehead .

The solar wind at dawn, charging the earth’s magnetic field, stimulates the
pineal gland. This is the best time to meditate , chant and sun gaze. At dawn,
the negatively charged pineal and the positively charged pituitary combine their
essences to create a "light in the head".



Pranayama floods the Pineal gland with oxygen, to make it resonate. If you are
right handed you must breathe in via the left nostril.

The ancient Indian mystics have used the hallucinogenic effects of Soma of Rig
Veda ( more potent than LSD ) to induce this effect. 114 hymns of the 7000 year
old Rig Veda talks about Soma preparations and its effects.



This is the elusive HOLY GRAIL for telepathy and psychic teleportation -- not
what Dan Brown wrote in the Da Vinci code.



Many achievers have used this dark Vedic secret. I cant reveal all the names.
However i can say Leonardo Da Vinci , the great visionary was one of them. (
Nostradamus,the oracles of Delphi etc ). The psychedelic journeys are accessed
and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. Serotonin has the same
chemical structure as this hallucinogenic substance.

As per quantum laws we are essentially electrical beings existing in a state of
resonance with the electromagnetic field of the earth.


The reddish grey pineal gland is located in the geometric center of the brain.
It is located directly behind the eyes.

There are many who think that Pineal Gland is the only organ of the brain that
does not come inpairs. However, under a microscope you can see that the pineal
gland is divided into two fine hemispheres.

The nerves that serve the pineal gland don't originate in the brain but in the
sympathetic nervous system. In adults, calcium make the pineal gland visible on
X rays.

In Vedic times 10000 years ago, at the banks of the Sraswati river, the
crystallised pineal gland of the great Masters was said to be the size of a
lemon, and this with evolution, spiritual pollution and change in breathing
patterns , has now been atrophied to the size of a small ground nut.

In Mahabharata war of 4000 BC, Sanjaya , with awakened Kundalini and 12 DNA
strands , sits 5000 kms from the scene of battle and gives the blind King
Dhritarashtra a blow by blow account.



This gland can be activated by activated by sunlight, and also by sound
resonance. It controls the various biorhythms of the body. It can discern
negative energies, based on perception of vibrating energies around you.

It plays a major role in hibernation of animals, metabolism, and seasonal
breeding. In humans it affects circadian rhythms, sleep patterns ( melatonin
levels increase at night), and is implicated in seasonal affective disorder.


The pineal gland calcifies with age and melatonin production correspondingly
decreases.

Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in the pineal gland. Decline in
melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for Melatonin is the SUPER
ANTIOXIDANT of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep, while Serotonin,
keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC raises serotonin.

When the pineal gland does not receive sunlight, it secretes Melatonin, which
induces sleep, increases blood sugar, craze for food, leading to obesity, fears
and anxiety.

The pineal gland is a photosensitive organ and thus an important timekeeper for
the human body.

For migrating birds, the pineal gland is the center for navigation. The pineal
gland is a magneto receptor, capable of monitoring magnetic fields, and helping
to align the body in space. Changing the direction of magnetic fields around the
heads of birds alters their ability to orient. The pineal can generate its own
magnetic field because it contains magnetite. This field can interact with the
earth's magnetic field.



Electromagnetic fields (EMF) suppress the activity of the pineal gland and
reduce melatonin production. EMF activity therefore disrupts the bodies
circadian rhythms. Cell phones, with their dangerous radiation fields, attack
the pineal gland .

The pineal gland produces PINOLINE, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6
-MeO-THBC). Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the
pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from
the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith.



Flouride is a free radical scavenger and a antioxidant like melatonin . Being in
the chemical field i can say for sure , it is a VERY DANGEROUS FOR YOUR PINEAL
GLAND. It has an affinity to deposit on tissues rich in calcium . I have seen in
Southern USA , people drink excessive iced green tea having high levels of
flouride -- and are NOT TOO BRIGHT.


Fluorine is one of the major ingredients in the controversial psycho-active
psychiatric drug PROZAC (Fluoxetene Hydrochloride), and also in deadly Sarin
military nerve gas.

Flouride is slightly less poisonous than Arsenic. White phosphoric acid is used
in Coke, and does NOT corrode ship's stainless steel tanks. But if it has little
bit of Flouride contaminant , it is used for fertilisers and it corrodes the
ships stainless steel tank. Boiling water removes Chlorine, but concentrates
Flouride. It can be removed only by reverse osmosis and NOT by ordinary filters.

Fluorine is not found by itself in nature, because it is so unstable that it
chemically combines-- violently, in many cases--with practically any other
element. Fluorine has a natural affinity for calcium. Sodium fluoride, is a
common ingredient in rat and cockroach poisons. Sodium fluoride rat poison
rapidly alters the calcium metabolism of the body, rapidly destroys enzyme
activity, and severely interferes with functions of the nerve channels.

Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc. If you have a strong enough sense of conciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time.



Crystals amplifies the radio wave field by resonating or vibrating in oneness
with the source of the radio signal . When you move the dial on the radio to
tune into a favorite station, you are arriving at the perfect resonance between
its electronic circuit and the station's frequencies.

When two vibrating systems are in resonance with each other, a rise in amplitude
in the waves takes place.

The planet and the cosmos communicates with us in this primal language of
frequencies.

The sacred hyperdimensional geometry of DMT via hadronic mechanics is the Sri
Yantra -- the universal phase-conjugational force . Pineal DMT is the chemical
messenger which links body and spirit. Pinoline enables the threshold levels of
DMT to become active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump
induced adrenaline burst. DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi
fold.

Pineal activation awakens normally latent neural pathways. Nerve fibers leave
the pineal and make synaptic connections with other brain sites through
traditional nerve-to-nerve connections, not just through endocrine secretions.

There is a lot we knew 10000 years ago , but has been lost to this this 21st
century-- right? You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland --
the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths.

Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of
cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably
joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .


There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena.

The third world war will be won by Scalar Psychotronics or mass mind control--
when in big brother will have you in a vice grip by your PG ( pineal gland ),
not by your SC ( short curlies ).



Newtonian science requires OBJECTIVE proof verifiable by 5 human senses. Little
did he know that these 5 bands are too narrow-- rest being squelched to prevent
man from breaking down.

Western medicine treats man like a machine--looking for symptoms and a piece
meal cure..

Newton backed Descartes in assuming that body and mind are two separate
entities. Quantum physics have told the duo who had blinkers on for the
macroscopic world, where to get off.

Quantum physics is based on the power of observation, and the mind is factored
in.

Tesla, Einstein, Heisenberg, Shrodinger etc were all familiar with the Indian
Vedanta, which had known " wave-particle duality" and " power of human intention
" 10000 years ago-- where the invisible outside the narrow band of 5 human
senses , is part of reality .




EASTERN VEDIC RISHIS MYSTICS HAD THE ABILITY TO GO ON EITHER SIDE OF THE NARROW
BAND OF 5 HUMAN SENSES, WITH A KING SIZED RESONATING PINEAL GLAND. THEY COULD
TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME.


They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to
the visible. Consciousness is about being self aware through observation (
double slit experiment ) and inner experience.

While Newton tries to explain the invisible through the visible. There is no
room for consciousness or morphogenetic fields in the dictionary of Darwin.



Buddha who had a king sized Pineal gland himself-- said in the first verse of
Dharmapada--

" We are what we think All what we are arises from our thoughts  With our
thoughts we make the world."




Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang
).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum
possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles.. Together they express the
great void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or
to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary
glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented
by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the
oceans for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing
vibrations.. The amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what
the Templar knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine
LSD-- rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL
junk DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA,
and achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are
accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland
is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this
hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in
the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for
Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep,
while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC
raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-
beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of
life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been
measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers,
regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can
vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT
is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a
psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become
active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline
burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant
observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have
too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were
NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its
mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND
LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the
quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and
Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16,
just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT
trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume
Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you
have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters
your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern
mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh
Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of
each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT
external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to
produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now
degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis
, can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life
use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third
eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas
will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the
third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2
strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil
********************************************************************************
THE SUPER GENIUS WITH OCCULT STATUS -- THE TRUE MARTYR -- NIKOLA TESLA -- BY
CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL












On July 10th 2009, GOOGLE declared that they would promote July 10th ( birthday
of super genius Tesla ) as a SCIENCE and BROTHERHOOD DAY. I had blogged on 5th
July 2009, hoping this would happen.




               
Have a look at the attached satellite picture of the world at night-- all the
lights are lit by ALTERNATING CURRENT invented by Tesla.

               
There is only ONE martyr to science and human progress--- the only scientist
with a shining legacy.. One full generation ignored his outstanding achievements
, yet Tesla refused to expose cheaters and ignored his patent infringers till he
died.

                 
I started blogging to re-introduce Tesla to the young world. I started wearing
TESLA CLUB emblazoned T shirts.

People would ask me -- "Who is Tesla?". When i reply that he is the guy who
invented AC electricity -- each of them would say " But is was Edison who
invented it!"

Tesla's name cannot be found in any Physics book of any school. Edison has been
wrongly declared as the man who invented Electricity and the bulb.

Edison (who was intimidated by his employee Tesla's genius), is famous for
saying " Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration" . He was speaking for
himself. What Edison sweated over for one month with an army of scientists --
Tesla could do alone in an minute.

For Edison was not an inventor -- He was just a Innovator --nay-- a manager of
minds , like how Bill Gates manages hundreds of programmers.

After Tesla left Edison he has said " If Edison had a needle to find in a
haystack, he would proceed at once with the diligence of the bee to examine
straw after straw until he found the object of his search. ... I was a sorry
witness of such doings, knowing that a little theory and calculation would have
saved him ninety percent of his labor " -- it was the anguish of a horse working
for a donkey.



Destiny made Tesla and the Indian spiritual master Vivekananda meet in 1903. The
meeting was arranged by French actress Sarah Benhardt.





Sarah , the most famous actress of her time was in love with Tesla, who was
reputed to be the most eligible bachelor of USA. Finding that Tesla studiously
ignored her seductions , she dropped her perfumed lace handkerchief , forcing
the debonair Tesla , to pick it up and give it back to her-- kick starting a
conversation . She died a spinster.

Rudyard Kipling ( born in India ) and Mark Twain also wanted the meeting
regarding MIND OVER MATTER , COSMIC FREE ENERGY and the AKASHIK AETHER FIELD to
happen. They felt the planet deserved this union of classical science and
quantum consciousness.




After the meeting , which forged Tesla's professional destiny -- Tesla started
using Sanskrit words like Akasha for Aether ( Zero point field )and Prana in his
writings. He developed a penchant for Copper Lotas ( which Himalayan Yogis use )
and became a vegetarian.

Hymn in Rig Veda about Ether written 7000 years ago.



There were vested interests influenced by Vatican, already miffed by the fact
that Tesla was an Orthodox Christian, who do not recognise the Pope -- and now
this -- 6000 year old Pseudo Science of Indian Vedas, all written in gibberish
hymns by Hindu coolies..


Tesla's personal destiny was also affected. He had dozens of the most beautiful
, intelligent and rich women vying for his love. Tesla decided to be celebate
like Vivekananda , to harness and focus his mind to science .



           


             
Few of such women were Anna Morgan, daughter of his financier JP Morgan ( who
kept trying to seduce him in his lab where he worked 21 hours a day--she died, a
spinster  ) , Katherine Underwood Johnson, his best friend's wife ( her love
letters were found in his room after his death ) , Marguerite Merrington ( Tesla
had feelings for her ) , Ava Astor, Corine Robinson, Flora Dodge, Catherine Moth
etc etc

Despite Tesla’s genius and global occult status , ultimately it was others who
made great fortunes based on his inventions. He passed away quietly penniless,
alone and virtually forgotten...until now.

Today the international unit of magnetic flux density is called "Tesla". All
magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) machines are calibrated with Tesla Unit (from
0.2 Tesla to 9 Tesla).

Most Tesla technologies are used by military for HAARP (capable of projecting 4
gigawatts of power into the ionosphere to doctor it) , scalar psychotronics (
for mass mind control ), and star wars -- from papers stolen from his hotel room
before his dead body could be discovered, by his maid, Alice Monaghan



I PREDICT--ONE DAY THIS FACE WILL BE AS FAMOUS AND SOUGHT AFTER FOR A TATTOO--
LIKE THAT OF CHE GUEVARA.
********************************************************************************
EGO-- FOUNTAINHEAD OF UNHAPPINESS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL









Ship Management companies, Ship captains , HRD management pundits and the common
man will benefit from this piece.

Placing your ego on the back burner is the first step in realizing one's
potential, having a happy family life and living in harmony with society.



It is a wise thing to drop your ego once you get married. What ego calls love is
actually possessiveness that can turn into hate within a second. Human love is
limited because ego and selfishness is contained in it

Emily Post , the etiquette czarina requires a genteel lady to crook her little
finger while holding the tea cup— out of sheer “ consideration for other people
” — what nonsense !


The ego thrives on others and lives on attention . Human ego demands personal
recognition and wastes energy in resentment if it does not get enough. The
underlying emotion for the ego is fear, the fear of being a nobody.


There is always a sense of insecurity around the ego even if on the outside it
appears confident , perfumed and powdered. Ego strengthens itself by diminishing
others—the uncultured females who had no clue of how the little finger must be
crooked.


Ego is insanity of the human mind. Unhappiness is an ego created mental cum
emotional disease. The chatter of the ego continuously disrupts the natural
state of well being. Stress is from within the mind , not by external threat.
Ego creates suffering without recognising it.



Many people carry large amount of unnecessary baggage, both mental and emotional
through out their lives. They hang on to the old emotion to strengthen their
identity.

Let me go beyond insignificant Emily Post , to leaders and Managers of
Companies.

I can already see lot of my colleagues smiling wryly.

It’s hard to get into the boardrooms and MD offices of some organizations
because the egos of the leaders take up way too much space. Only bootlickers and
hand kissers are allowed into their inner sanctum. They recruit yes-men instead
of capable men.



Their own agenda is always ahead of the business agenda. They would disagree
with someone’s point just because the is the one who said it. Their ego makes
them take everything personally. They mistake a short memory for a clear
conscience and are miserabe within.


They are unable to listen to another person's view without feeling threatened.
They leave debris and destruction wherever they go. They are very eager to see
their picture or name on the cover of a business periodical .

Their Indifference arises due to ego. Their ego cannot distinguish between a
situation and their interpretation and reaction to that situation. Cooperation
is alien to ego except when there is a secondary motive. The ego becomes the
grit in the system that gets in the way of authentic meaningful communication.

Their self-talk is the mouthpiece of ego, Their inflated, overbearing egos
create rules for rules’ sake. They complicate procedures , squash good ideas and
keep good people down.


Their ego makes them unwilling to admit that they know zilch about a subject in
a meeting—the equivalent of the ear trying to tell what it saw and tasted and
smelt, in a bulldozing manner. They brood endlessly on their petty grievances,
never held before them any vision that might have lifted them out of themselves.
They substitute their thinking capabilities with their loud cynical talking
capabilities.

Compulsive liars are driven by egos feelings of insufficiency.. Ego will force
them to make life difficult for others—for they feel the need to put people in
their place or get into one-upmanship games.


“ If you want to test a man’s character, give him power.” -- Abraham Lincoln.

Such wretched people would give only conditional love to a small child or a
kitten.


Enough on these wretched self righteous leaders, infatuated with their own
brilliance , self delusions of grandeur and hidden agendas.

Let us move on.

Road rage has become very common these days. The offence will be small but our
reaction would be ridiculous—here it is the power of his car’s engine..




Ego tries to enlarge and strengthen by forming gangs and posses. Here the ego
has simply shifted from the personal to the collective.

An immature leader douses the spark of creativity, rather than fan it, for the
bottom line is always about him.

Your ego can prevent you from being an effective and truly great leader. Ego,
popularly conceived as an over-inflated sense of self-importance, is a major
stumbling block to effective leadership.

Good leaders surround themselves with talented, outspoken individuals, not yes-
men. Leadership is not an ego game!

Ego confuses opinions with facts . Every ego is a master of selective perception
and distorted interpretation. Ego likes to judge and be right. You have a
problem if you allow your ego to supersede your common sense.


Ego drives us on to greatness, then thrashes us soundly when we let it get out
of control. Ego is a demanding unforgiving parasite . To the ego the present
moment NOW hardly exists and is always concerned with keeping the past alive.
Ego looks at the present with jaundiced eyes of the past.

When people argue they will act as if they are fighting for survival and there
is a imminent need to win at all costs. Such is the self delusion caused by ego.
The ego thrives on reactivity.


The ego burns up considerable amounts of energy.


People with king sized egos , when they suddenly fall ill suddenly become nice
and gentle and humble—for the hospital is a great leveler.. But alas, when they
get better energy returns and so does the ego. Every ego is therefore
schizophrenic – with split personality.

There is no ego in telling the waiter that there is a cockroach in your cold
soup. To be free of ego all you need to do is to be aware of your thoughts and
emotions as they happen. Awareness and ego cannot coexist. It is difficult to
see one's own ego.


You can be sure you are correct, but then you have no right to take away
people’s dignity to prove yourself. Let people see your soft side. This will
make you much more endearing. Done properly it will not be perceived as weakness
. It will make you more approachable and believable.

Surround yourself with equally capable and strong-willed people. Give them
permission to disagree with you , on a regular basis.


There is a fine line between pride and arrogance, that line is called EGO. The
danger zone is when you start thinking that your accomplishments earn you the
right to be condescending, obnoxious and abusive. Arrogance is having an
attitude of superiority, delighting in your own significance and thriving on
others feelings of inferiority.

The person with a king sized ego, will understand the whole of the planet,, but
he will not understand what his own ego is doing to him. The left brain lobe is
the home of his ego. It is the nature of ego to take and that of spirit to give.
Since leadership is of spirit, the ego powered men can never be good leaders--
they can never rise over the post of a mangy manager. It is the nature of the
right brain lobe, to be accepting and free of judgements. Ego makes a donkey
think that he is THE champion race horse.


Murderers in the death row have in the last few hours experienced the ego less
state and the deep joy and peace that comes along with it.

Even Saddam Hussain agreed to wear the black hood on his head without protest
before he was hanged , in front of several people —under normal circumstances he
would have spat on the man who suggested it to him.


The PARADOX is that suffering caused by the ego eventually destroys the ego.
When ego disappears , bliss enters.
********************************************************************************
MILK , BEER BELLY AND GLOBAL WARMING --- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






Quarter century ago , i was known as the hard case non conformist sailor , who
would not give milk to his own son.

Yes - after mothers milk, i banned my childern from having cow's milk--sneding
my parents into a tizzy. My children could have cow's milk only if they had to
take oral antibiotics -- to form a protective sludge layer in their stomachs and
intestines. But i would allow my children Yoghurt ( friendly bacteria ).

A decade later, one of my friends excitedly rang me up and said Maneka Gandhi (
a minister ) had come on national DD TV , and said exactly what i have been
saying -- THAT COWS' MILK IS TOXIC AND THAT NO ANIMAL DRINKS THE MILK OF ANY
OTHER ANIMAL.

EVEN THE COW DOES NOT ALLOW ITS OWN CALF TO DRINK MILK AFTER THE MANDATORY
WEANING PERIOD OF 6 MONTHS IS OVER-- SHE JUST KICKS HER OWN CALF IF IT TRIES TO
SUCKLE ON HER UDDER.

Cow releases milk only if she is fooled by taking her calf to it. In the west
they suck it out forcefully using vacuum tubes , against the cow's wishes. The
unhappy cow will definitely release harmful chemicals into the milk, which will
do the human drinker no good.

Pasteurized milk (UHT - ultra-heat temperature) causes the milk protein (casein)
to change to an inorganic form, which cannot be assimilated by the human body.
This protein cannot be broken down, and hence it weakens the immune system,
causing allergies , asthma, higher blood cholesterol and increased risk of heart
disease and stroke. Pasteurization also destroys enzymes,diminishes vitamin
content and kills healthy beneficial bacteria.

The gooey mucus sticks on the inner wall of the intestines causes poor
absorption of nutrients from your food. It causes constipation and can lead to
many health problems, AS IT DAMAGES YOUR IMMUNE SYSTEM.

Yes, cow's milk gives Calcium--but so does most of the other food you eat like
brocolli, cabbage, nuts , sesame seeds, sea weeds, carrot etc.

The ideal calcium to magnesium ratio for the human body should be 2:1. Milk's
ratio is 10:1. By relying on cow's milk for calcium, you will have magnesium
deficiency and imbalance.

For infants, if breast milk is not available, due to the mother;s health ,
substitute with goat's milk instead on cows milk. Mahatma Gandhi used to carry a
goat with him for fresh milk, as he felt it was good for his brain . Even when
he went to see the Queen in England, he took the goat with him on the ship ,
pissing off the Queen's reception party at the gangway.

Unlike the white man, Indians suffer from major lactose intolerance because we
do not have the enzyme lactase that digests the milk sugar lactose . This causes
gas in the intestines and a fuzzy brain. Methane fart gas is a global warming
green house gas.

Milk contains excessive calories and fats. Your sagging over the belt- beer
belly , could be actually milk belly.

Cow's fart and belch ( methane gas ) is responsible for global warming. The cow
lobby is so strong that nobody dares to rise a voice .
********************************************************************************
CORE VALUES -- WHAT MUST BE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL













ETHICS, INNOVATION, TEAM DYNAMICS, COMPASSION-- ideal core values.

(Remember INTEGRITY is more than a core value --as it guarantees other values.)

Our company values are like fingerprints, we leave them all over everything we
do.

As is inherent in our company symbol, our core values obviously are --

1) High ethics.

Welcome to the high moral ground where committing a felony even to support the
company is not a career move .

We rely on own merit to push a case, not blatant use of personal charm as a way
to wheel and deal. Our company has a conscience . Our clean reputation and
absence of deception is our biggest intangible asset which is reflected in our
brand equity and not on our balance sheet.

Our ethics are not abstract notions , but practical guides to employees on how
to feel, act and behave. Ethical behavior is a habit in our company , not an
act. All employees are part of the ethical fabric .

We have a DEO ( designated ethics officer ) cum mentor to get this core value
into the blood stream of the company , to oversee compliance , provide a frame
work of conduct and to provide support to an employee who wants to do the right
thing.

Our ethics champion is no lesser than the MD himself , with a moral barometer
and an ethics radar to do ethical climate assessment. There exists a strong
belief that it is acceptable to deliver bad news to the company or raise
personal concerns.

Our mature ethics programmes have reduced voluminous codes of conduct to just a
few sub core values like fairness, integrity, transparency, respect , tolerance
for culture, responsibility , spirit of inclusion etc. Seminars are used to
clarify ethics values , as sustaining an ethical culture is a continuous process
without a finish line.

We trust our employees to do the right thing when confronted with a situation
that provides no easy answers. We don’t have yes-men who will not tell the truth
to safeguard their jobs. We temper all technical judgments by the need to
support and maintain human values.

We honour our contracts and don’t cut corners. We do not allow conflicts of
interest, which provide a competitive advantage to one client over another. We
respect the intellectual property rights of our clients, and guard them
zealously.

We do not advertise ourselves or our services in a deceptive manner, and will
not misrepresent or allow the misrepresentation of the services by affiliates,
associates, contractors, employees, partners and vendors.

We do not promote our own interest at the expense of the dignity of the marine
profession. We obey the law in both letter and spirit. We maintain a safe and
healthy working environment.

We do not encourage nepotism, fully aware that blood is a poor substitute for
competence.

########## 2) Innovation

There is something about innovation that quickens our collective hearts. We
recognize there is no such thing as instant innovation. The farmer must invest
in the soil before he reaps a rich harvest. We nurture a climate where
innovation happens.

Innovation at our neck of the woods is evolutionary not a revolutionary panic
response to change . To innovate is not to reform, but to bring useful change.
Changes need not be innovations but innovations are changes. Application of
creativity is innovation.

We recognize that bureaucracy kills creativity. We encourage our people to use
their imagination , listen to their their inner voice and use all their six
senses to check assumptions and apply their creativity. We encourage creative
dissent and we protect human feelings.

We brainstorm often to get feedback. We have a commitment not to allow our
policies , procedures and rituals to get in the way of innovation. We can sense
the drift of change and ensure that we are aligned to it in advance as surely as
a ship enters a narrow channel. We take change by hand before it takes us by the
throat. We give recognition to creative thinkers and innovative doers .

We don’t try to get our creative wild geese to fly in military formation. We
recruit people who have the seeds of the future within them. Innovate or die—is
our slogan .

Our organisational gatekeepers frame the environment that enables innovation,
however innovation is enacted – recognised, developed, applied and adopted –
through individual employees..

########## 3) Dynamics

We have reinvented team dynamics . Our team is a dynamic whole based on
interdependence rather than on similarity or cloning. Our team acts in unity ,
almost like a single living organism, that requires to be nurtured to maintain
its growth. We understand team chemistry—the natural forces at play, to
determine whether they are acting for ill or good and can make timely
interventions to make the dynamics positive.

Our people are harmonious team players and there is a natural force of inclusion
which results in transparent communications. They inspire the highest level of
commitment from each other. Everyone is accountable to one another. They share
similar values, attitudes, ideals and goals .

Proper team dynamics ensures extraordinary results .Team dynamics consists of
critical areas such as personal abilities, educational backgrounds, life
experiences and personality compatibility of each exclusive teammate .

Our HR department does TDP ( Team Dynamics Profiling ) to give us concrete
indications on how the team will bond, interact and ultimately perform. Our
seminars are basically team retreats where we enjoy our team rituals, chants and
gleeful routines.

We encourage each person in the team to give both positive and negative
feedback. We choose team players who will complement each other, rather than
exclude each other, no matter what superstars they are.

What we require is not well balanced individuals, rather individuals who balance
well with each other . We devise strategies so that team players can feed off
each other rather than cancelling out each other. Thus we remain united in our
pursuit of our goals, resistant to disruptive forces.

Our inspirational team leadership uses emotional impact. We afford an
inspirational environment to our high performance teams . Communications in our
Company is a group process, and mutual trust and respect are maintained in order
to keep the channels open. No body's perfect , but we believe that our team is.

Our team can produce a quality and quantity of work far higher than the sum of
what the separate members could have ever produced on their own. Collective
synergy of experience and expertise, accented with harmony, loyalty and
camaraderie is indisputably our core asset.

######## 4) Compassion

We respect and appreciate culture in terms of itself. We are sensitive to
cultural nuances . We listen and we respect local values . We think globally,
but act locally. We understand that culture has a life of its own and is
stronger than life and triumphs over death. We believe human beings have
feelings unlike machines.

Our human resources are not mere dehumanized code numbers or cheap labour to be
exploited, thereby breeding indifference. They are our biggest assets. We
recognize that people are not things and they need to be led and motivated
rather than being managed.. When people do their jobs we get out of their way.

We recognise that our employees are bread winners at home. Our company can grow
only if our employees grow. We run a innovative organization which relies more
upon shared ethos, than adherence to hard written rules. We have people feel and
our HR dept knows how to monitor the pulse of our employees.

If at all we criticize we do so in a constructive manner. We do not manipulate
by unfair or insidious means. We assure the psychological, safety and social
needs of our staff. No wonder our staff is eager to walk that extra mile to get
things right— the XXXXX way.

These core values represent our brand promise.




COMMENTS:

I have worked for a lot of ignorant companies, who confuse goals with values.
Their collective noses are stuck forever in a knothole. They get their knickers
in a twist when they are reminded that --

"A goal is something you intend to accomplish. A value is something you believe
"in

It is better to keep away from such immature rubbish.
********************************************************************************
THE LASCAR-- THE ORIGINAL INDIAN MERCHANT NAVY SAILOR -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL










Today Indian sailors are everywhere on Oil tankers, Chemical tankers and other
ships. -- valued and in great demand for their mental acuity and seafaring
skills.

He was just a Lascar -- A brazen form slavery re-invented by the white man.

Indian seamen unions like Maritime Union of Indian ( MUI ), NUSI etc should keep
a picture of a white man Mr.Joseph Salter in their offices-- lest we are branded
an ungrateful race.


I myself ( the evolved lascar ) have commanded British flag ships with British
and European officers.

4 centuries ago, the Lascar was a derogatory term for the “ wretched Khalasi
sailor of mongrel descent ” or “ The Indian coolie “ .

The white man hardly knew that this coolie belongs to the world's first
civilization.  The Vedic civilisation flourished on the banks of river Saraswati
from 9000 BC to 4000 BC .  The river dried up in 4000 BC due to tectonic shifts
blocking the glacial mouth in the Himalayas. The white man came out from under
the Quaternary ice age only in 9500 BC, doing grunt grunt, staying in dark caves
, wearing barks, eating raw meat.  At this time the predecessors of the Indian
Lascar  were writing poetry, wearing woven clothes, eating from a cooked menu
and living in proper stone houses.

Lascars were Indian sailors who worked on British and European ships for 400
years.



Lascars played a valuable role, helping to crew British ships in times of peace
and war and ensuring that goods from India and beyond arrived safely in London
and other British ports.



Lascars served on British ships under 'lascar' articles of agreement. These
agreements allowed shipowners to pay a pittance of 5% of the white sailors wages
for longer working hours , give less and poor quality food , and force them to
stay in unventilated , cramped and dingy areas of ship unfit for humans .


The sailors could be transferred from one ship to another and retained in
service for up to three years at one time. Indian lascars served as the deck
crew; in the engine rooms below the decks as coal Stokers or Aagwallas .

Goan lascars being Christians catholics were allowed easier jobs of Stewards and
cooks. They could handle pork and beef and were even more servile..

Digression:-- (This tradition has lived on in Goa, and as a result a obscene
percentage of Goan christian population work as stewards and butlers on land too
. This has altered their DNA programming / blue print , determination and
mindset -- and you will rarely see a Goan catholic with Portugese surname
PASSING A IIT ENTRANCE EXAM . That Goa got rid of slavery, and Portugese Rama
Rajya in 1962, instead of 1947 like the rest of India is also a huge cause.)

Stoking, a terrible task which was deemed to be below the dignity of a white
man. At the beginning of the voyage, the large pile of coal lay near the entry
to the bunkers. But as the voyage continued, the coal was used up and its face
receded, forcing trimmers deeper into the hot, unventilated, dust-filled
bunkers.



Lascars were both recruited to serve on European ships and paid through a Ghat
Serang, an Indian shore agent, with vested interests ( on the payroll of the
shipowners ). The Jahaz Serang is the Bosun or nowadays.

The ship owners loved the lascars as they were docile unlike the unruly whites.

Their unions’ use of ‘coolie’ and ‘lascar’ also constituted discursive tactics
of denial and exclusion. The Ghat Serangs applied strong arm tactics , including
arrest ( assisted by the British and Portugese governments ) to recruit the
Lascars.

In 1916/17 hundreds of Lascars elected to join the British labour corps in
Mesopotamia rather than go to sea. This choice made sense. Mesopotamia paid
better and was believed to be safer.

As trade expanded and India became increasingly central to Britain's global
trade and economy, lascars became the mainstay of the labour force in British-
registered ships bound for Europe. Yet lascars have not been granted the place
they deserve in studies of British maritime history. The British museum at
London displays shows vandalised and stolen goods , but talks nothing of the
Indentured Coolie and Lascars.

Because of the nature of the trade, and the imbalance of exports from Britain
against imports from India, lascars were forced to remain in England for long
periods of time before ships were ready to take them back leaving lascars
destitute. They were stranded in London by a series of laws called the
Navigation Acts. These Acts meant that many Indian sailors arriving in London
from India could not be re-employed on return journeys and were abandoned.

Impoverished , ill clad and shivering Lascars would be wandering the streets of
various ports for survival in England ,Scotland, Wales and Ireland – peddling ,
begging in front of street art , sweeping streets , taking up low paid menial
jobs etc. They would sleep on the streets or inside dockside sheds .



Some of them even took on white wives . They were in demand as they had no
problems in getting that elusive hard on , without excessive nauseating foreplay
and liquor , even in the cold-- and infidelity was not a concern.



By 1795 few ports gave temporary -- dirty , pestilent and deplorable barrack
homes to Lascars, at London, Southampton, Cardiff, Manchester, Liverpool and
Glasgow.

Only in 1850 did the Admiralty had taken over responsibility for the welfare of
distressed Lascars—after some visiting Indian princes, including Maharaj Dilip
Singh gave hefty donations. .

Only a handful of Lascars are mentioned on the memorial at Tower Hill with the
names of 26,833 seamen of the British Merchant Navy who died in the carnage of
both world wars. Why not? They were animals , not human , right?

Joseph Salter a missionary in the Chapel Street district of London (now Edgware
Road) helped the lascars from 1853 . It is on record that in sixteen years more
than sixteen thousand Lascars visited the homes and over thirteen hundred were
fed and clothed.

" The Strangers homesurvived until 1935, when it was converted into flats and
" named West India House by Stepney Borough Council. For thirty-nine years
" Joseph Salter served the community of Lascars as helper and teacher .

All that remains however, is a street named after him in the east end of London.

This selfless man ,should have been honoured like Mother Theresa . He was not
interested in photo shoots, and grabbing the limelight , and using his white
skin for leverage , like the saint Theresa.

IT IS A SHAME THAT NONE OF THE INDIAN SAILOR ORGANISATIONS , LIKE MUI, NUSI ETC
HAS EVEN A PICTURE OF THIS MAN IN THE SAILORS CLUBS , SHELTERS AND OFFICES.




Here is an extract of a long poem about lascars , written by a certain Mary
Robinson.

Far from my Native Indian shore, I hear our wretched race deplore; I mark the
smile of taunting Scorn, And curse the hour, when I was born ! I weep, but no
one gently tries To stop my tear, or check my sighs; For, while my heart beats
mournfully, Dear Indian home, I sigh for Thee ! To drink the tear of deep
despair; The scoff and scorn of fools to bear ! And if I curse my fate severe,
Some Christian Savage mocks my tear ! Was it for this, the LASCAR brave "Toil'd,
like a wretched Indian Slave

The Lascar's pendulum swung to the other extreme, and in the 1970s' there was
unwarranted militant trade unionism supporting lazy young sailors who will not
work (unless given excessive overtime) , displayed gross lack of respect,
decorum etc.

As a result most foreign companies do NOT want Indian crew on their ships --

-- they however love to employ Indian senior officers on tankers , where one
-- mistake can wipe out the whole company.


Who invented the ship's compass?   When the pyramids were built 5000 years ago,
NOBODY on this planet including the Egyptians has the technology to find the
exact North East South West cardinal positions of Vaastu. Nobody on the planet
had an idea what is sun's declination or Kepler’s precession via astronomy . The
geographic and the magnetic poles are NOT the same. The North pole is 1600 miles
away and the south pole is 2570 kilometers away. The ancient Kerala sailors
sailed to Socotra and Aquaba and Basra using a compass of magnetised fish blade
floating on light oil floating on water. This is symbolised by Arjun shooting
into the eye of the fish to win Draupadi in 4000 BC.

********************************************************************************
SPANISH CRUELTY AND EXTREME SADISM -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






















When a ship docks in a Spanish port, and you put on TVE the national TV network,
in prime time you get to see Spanish cruelty to animals---

-- with even small girls clapping in sadistic gratification on feeling the
-- animal's fear , hearing agonising screams and seeing spilt blood.

The stadiums are usually chock-a-block , both with curious tourists and die-hard
fans. Bullfighting has been popular in Spain since the time of Emperor Claudius
two thousand years ago.

Thousands of bulls die in the fiestas which take place across Spain , where
there are no animal- protection laws. Different torture games are held like
donkey chasing, Quail catapulting, and the nightmarish festival known as "Toro
Jubilo" where the bull’s horn are set on fire.

The bizarre "Toro Jubilo" is held in Soria, Spain. The bulls' horns tied with
pitch rags are then set on fire, and the terrified animals are released to run
madly through the streets—are left to burn. For hours, the tar burns like a
bonfire on the bulls' heads, scorching their faces, eyes, and bodies.

Many burning bulls slip and crash into walls in agony and blind terror. The
bull’s tail is wrenched off and its testicles are mounted on a spear and paraded
around by cheering crowds.

Their carcasses are later divided among the participants for consumption. The
residents apparently believe that consuming the adrenaline laden flesh of the
tortured animals confers fertility and invincibility.

Spanish Greyhounds, the galgo is used by Spanish hunters to pursue and capture
prey. They are by nature docile, gentle and affectionate dogs, yet the destiny
of many thousands of galgos each year, once the hunting season ends, is to be
ritually tortured and killed by the cruelest methods imaginable, for the
entertainment of their owners.

In the 16th century, Catholic Spain was the great continental power. Spaniards
were described by the rest of Europe as cruel barbarians, greedy, treacherous,
ignorant, and narrow.

In South America where the National Language is Spanish, you hardly find any
natives. In Portugese areas you can still find the original inhabitants. Under
the pretext of introducing Native Americans to Christianity, the Spanish
ruthlessly massacred native populations and enslaved them in some of the most
cruel slave practices ever seen on the face of the earth.

The average Native American slave lasted less than a year under his Spanish
masters. They held that Native Americans were only part human and so had no
legal or spiritual privileges.

By the time the British took over Jamaica in 1655, the entire 100000 population
of gentle native Arawaks , were decimated by the Castilian Spaniards. Towards
the later stages these oppressed people decided that suicide was better than the
ordeal of Spanish rule, and they poisoned their babies and killed themselves.

The gross disregard for human lives and bizarre sadism is characteristic of the
Spanish Inquisition which killed 8 million people. In the 15th century King
Ferdinand and Queen Isabella (under papal rule) acquired permission from the
Catholic Church to target those people suspected of Muslim, Jewish or heretical
beliefs to root out through the application of torture those who, although
posing as devout Catholics, were secretly practicing religions considered non-
conformist by the Catholic hierarchy.

As a direct result of this Papal permission and authorization the Spanish
Inquisition was born. Thousands were paraded before pseudo courts to face the
sadistic rulings of Inquisition judges. It was also used as an instrument of
terror and torment against scientists, philosophers, and members of the
Christian Church , who were believed to be irreverent toward the authority of
the Catholic Church and its agencies.

There were a variety of sadist methods used by the agents of the Inquisition to
force victims to "confess" to heresy or to sins or crimes against the Church.
The rack and is perhaps the most infamous of all the torture implements used in
this period.

The unfortunate victim was tied or strapped to a board by the wrists and ankles
to two rollers. Then the rollers were turned in opposite directions, thus slowly
stretching the victim until the limbs popped from their sockets or the body was
broken.

It was noted that a person who refused to talk even under torture was being
aided by the devil. While the poor victim was being tortured a clerk recorded
what was said. They sprayed there instruments with so called holy water, wore
amulets, herbs and crossed themselves in a bizarre manner.

Other practices that were prevalent in the Middle Ages were to tear out the
tongue. To blind the victim with sharp sticks or red-hot iron spikes. The
pulling of the flesh with pliers. The skinning of the accused alive. Quartering
(in which the victims intestines would be pulled from the body) and impaling, in
which a stake would be hammered through the victim’s body avoiding the vital
organs, resulting in a slow death that could last for hours or days.

A sharp iron fork was used to mangle breasts. Red hot pincers were used to tear
off flesh. Red hot irons were inserted up vaginas and rectums. A device named
the turcas was used to tear out fingernails. After the nails were ripped out
needles were shoved in. Boots called bootikens were used to lacerate flesh and
crush bone.

Thumbscrews were used to crush the fingers and toes. Acid was poured on victims
and hands were immersed into pots of boiling oil and water. Eyes were gouged out
by irons. Alcohol was poured on the head of the poor victim and set alight.
Water was poured down the victims throat with a knotted cloth. The cloth was
then jerked out tearing up the victims bowels.

There was no limit to the types and cruelty of the tortures. The inquisition
meant anything was allowed. The inquisitors were sadistic and mentally
disturbed. An "Inquisition" was supposed to be a legal inquiry by the church.

On June 30, 1680, in the area of Madrid, 51 outcasts were roasted alive in a
orgy of torture that lasted 14 hours and was held as a grisly celebration to
commemorate the marriage of Carlos II to Marie d’ Orleans. The king himself
gleefully set light to the first human bonfire.

Even after the poor victims confessed to things they never did more torture was
to follow. On the way to the stake or gallows victims were flogged, burned,
branded and had their hands and tongues hacked off.

By the 17th century as the catholic church began to lose power the inquisition
began to collapse. In 1870 the Papacy lost control of the Papal States and was
left thankfully with only the territory of the Vatican City .

8 million had died as a result of the inquisition, including men, women,
children and babies.
********************************************************************************
ALEXANDER THE GREAT AND KING PORUS -- THE HIDDEN TRUTH-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
























WHITE LIES , THE SUPER HORSE BUCEPHALUS , AND THE MIGHTY ELEPHANT.

We all know the Greek and western poetry about the heroics of Alexander the
Great, who invaded India in 326 BC and had King Porus on his knees. There are
coloured paintings of this scene in most western museums.

The truth is totally different.

It is never too late to know the truth.

Alexander did self marketing and he had a horde of historians , painters and
poets embedded in his army who wrote exactly what he wanted--to portray him
larger than his five feet five inches of height.

Porus was a minor king of India, not finding mention anywhere except in the
Battle of Hydaspes -- and that too by western accounts.

King Porus 's actual name is Purushottam ( some call him Parvateshwar ),the
Puruvanshi king. He ruled the kingdom of Paurava in Punjab . He stood a majestic
seven feet four inches tall-- taller than the huge Great Khali wrestler of WWF.
. He was not in good terms with the King of Taxila.

King Alexander knew about this and he gave the King of Taxila 25 tonnes of gold
which he had plundered from Persia, (after the battle of Gaugamela) , as a bribe
to ally with him. For he had heard that Porus had 85 elephants in his army and
his own Greek army had never battled the war elephant.




On the way to battle Porus, Alexander's soldiers were psychologically battered.
The soldiers saw astounding scenes of  holy men hanging upside down from trees,
and meditating, and it was apparent they had been doing it for a long time. If
they fall asleep they would die.  The guides of the army of Alexander were
pupils of a professor from Taxila university by the name of Chanakya, the
advisor to Mauryan empire .







Alexander has also heard from his wife Roxxane , ( daughter of a Bactrian noble
Oxyartus ), that the the Nandas of the Magadha Kingdom had 6000 war elephants (
count by Plutarch ) and the Emperor

Chandragupta Maurya of the Mauryan Empire had 9000 war elephants. They also had
hordes of Tibetan Mastiff dogs who could kill leopards and whip up a booming
barking frenzy which terrified men and horses.

His cavalry horses would be no match for the mighty elephants.

His own Thessalian black stallion Bucephalus who was his body extension in a
battle field and placed him in the zone , was a nervous animal prone to
psychological mental blows.. For 10 years Becephalus however had served him very
well in the thick of battle.

He knew that the elephants had protective fort like stable platforms ( fort like
howdah ) ,on their backs from where archers shot accurate armour piercing fire
arrows from crossbows. Before battle the elephants would be given a potion which
made them run fast , absolutely fearless and trumpet happy.

They could also swing heavy iron spiked balls held by chains with their trunks
to swipe at horses, who would be terrified by the elephants sights and sounds in
any case. The elephant is a more intelligent animal than a horse in a dynamic
battle. If an elephant is wounded in battle it becomes very proactive and
fearsome.

Note :  The white historian lied when he wrote that the mighty Maurya empire was
formed AFTER Alexander the great died.  Sorry, the united Maurya empire was
formed BEFORE Alexander the great came to India. The only thing is that the King
Chandra Gupta Maurya did NOT have to engage the Greeks.  The whole idea of the
lying white historian was to say Alexander went back from India, NOT because he
was scared of mighty Indian kings , but because his army was TIRED.  His army
was NOT tired.  Alexander rotated his army, new soldiers joined up regularly and
the older lot went back to Greece with stolen goodies.

In the battle field Alexander noted in his records that huge and handsome Porus
on his mighty elephant looked the same proportion as a greek soldier to his
horse.

In the bloody battle, at Lilla, Mong on the banks of river Jhelum, Porus lost
his young son. Alexander lost his horse Bucephalus done in by Prince Amar ,
Porus's brother.  He also lost his brave Greek General Nicaea.




Both were physically wounded too and were not mentally geared to fight--of
course one was the deflated invader who had bitten off more than what he could
chew  --and the other the resolute defender, ready to take on the greedy
invader.

Alexander had just lost his Harley Davidson bike ( his horse ) which he rode on
all his battles for 10 years-- and was now unable to even ride a bicycle. He was
a pathetic shadow of the fierce and proud warrior he once was-- and his soldiers
were surprised to see the change .





There was NO point in defeating Porus , even if he could  -- and setting the
mighty Nandas and Maurya's after him for sure. The Mauryas had a Ayurveda
surgeon turned military strategist ( Chanakya  the professor at Taxila )  in
charge , known for his mental acumn.

Initially, a demoralised Alexander send the Ambhi the King of Taxila for truce.
Porus got furious on seeing the traitor Indian king and threw a spear at him and
drove him away.

Porus was poised to deliver the final blow.

Alexander now played the ace up his slimy sleeve.

He dishonorably sent his Indian wife Roxana to tie a rakhi on Porus, to be his
sister--an old Indian custom. It now became Porus's responsibility to ensure
Alexander was safe -- an iron clad guarantee. The western mind cannot understand
these Indian concepts .

Then Alexander send his own emissary to sue for peace. There was NO other way he
would have got back to Greece in one piece.

After the truce , Alexander gave Porus "back" his Kingdom ( it was never taken
away in the first place ) and added a few small kingdoms which he had captured
to add to it-- not out of kindness but for self preservation. He had bitten off
more than what he could chew.

In return Porus gave Alexander a few elephants , with instructions on how to use
them in war and a Tibetan Mastiff --the ONLY dog who can ignore pain. He also
gifted some diamonds ,-- India was the only source of diamonds in the world till
the 19th century.


               
Porus gave Alexander a stock of living KATTARVAZHA ( the west call it Aloe Vela
) an Ayurvedic magic healing herb from Kerala ( it requires tropical soil ) to
fast forward heal his wounds.



Alexander would NOT have survived without it.  He was told to stock up this herb
on the way back from Socotra , where the Vedic Indians were growing it since
8000 BC , to make incense , for holy Yagnas and trade with the west.

Socotra has some strange element in its soil to grow heavenly plants. St Thomas
tried to get Aloe Vela on his passage to India (after Christ died) and got
shipwrecked at Socotra, due to strong currents.

Digression: Alexander was a hardcore homosexual , just like his father. Why did
he marry dark skinned Roxana, just before coming to India ?  And that too by
antagonising his boyfriend and his personal hermaphrodite tent mate .

It was for immediate political reasons--for the crucial alliance with King of
Taxila.   His heir with Roxana would never be accepted by the Greeks , right? (
the way Indians have accepted Sonia Gandhi )



     
( Draupadi has put a tourniquet on Lord Krishna's bleeding wrist by tearing off
( a piece of her saree-- and in return Krishna had saved her from Dushasana who
( tried to strip her naked in public in 4000 BC --  starting a religious
( festival in India )



       
One village was named after the fallen super horse Bucephalus. This nervous
horse could NOT suffer the infrasound of the mighty elephants roar-- nor of the
Tibetan Mastiffs.

The Greeks did no go back to Greece the same way they came-- In consultation
with Porus, Alexander sailed down the Indus and Jhelum rivers, to prevent ambush
( deadly poisoned arrows from hidden tree tops , from where a big percentage of
Alexander's army was decimated ) and further encounters with elephants.

The Greeks were totally demoralised by this deadly tree top warfare. They were
more used to their favourite turf of wide plains, where their own tactics
worked.



Indians used thin arrows made of rosewood which could fly further , pierce greek
armour , through and through and be very accurate.  The hidden archers were
deadly.



After a few years Emperor Chandragupta Maurya set his 9000 elephants ( count by
Megastenes ) on Seleucus Nicator, Alexander's Satrap and drove the 400000 Greeks
away from India forever and retook Hindu Kush ie Afghanistan and Balochistan..



Chandra gupta also married Seleucus's daughter. In return Seleucus secured 500
mighty elephants.



The politics of Chandra Gupta's  master strategist Prime Minister Chanakya, who
was a teacher in Taxila University ( the first world university of the planet,
founded 3000 BC )  when Alexander invaded, is well documented in Indian history.
The immoral white historian has dated this university to 1000 BC, to show the
world that Indian knowledge was NOT available from 3000 BC to 1000 BC, to the
west.





Chandragupta's grandson was Emperor Ashoka who gave us the Indian emblem (sic
!).

Alexander came to the world's first civilization which existed on the banks of
the river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC.  In 4000 BC the glacial mouth of
this river at Himalayas dried up, and the civilization died , forcing a mass
exodus, shifting the focus to Ganges and the Indus valley civilization.  Aryans
went OUTWARDS and never INWARDS.  The Rig Veda written in 5000 BC does not talk
about the Ganges at all.


In 7000 BC Aryan Indian Emperor Vikramaditya, based at Ujjain ( Khhpira river--
site of 12 yearly Kumbh Mela  )  ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to Cambodia.   It
was he-- who gave and never took/ vandalised -- who spread the laws of Manu.

The power of the black meteorite stones at Mecca Kaaba , Jerusalem Dome of the
rock , Petra ( this civilization died after the black stone was stolen ) and the
temples of the far east were endorsed by Vikramaditya. In India wherever we saw
this black stone we built a temple on it, and then a town grew outwards ( the
equivalent of the quintessential western gold rush )

Chandragupta's grandson was Emperor Ashoka who gave us the Indian emblem (sic
!).




   
In the epic " The life and exploits of Alexander " -- Ernest Alfred Wallis Budge
who worked in the British museum in the 20th century, gives a blow by blow
account of the peace treaty. He did not paint Alexander without his warts and
did NOT prefer romantic lore churned out by embedded poets and writers , of the
triumph of organised west over uncivilised east,--  to the naked truth..




History re-invented by “our white skin is superior historian “  says -- the
Greek soldiers were HOME SICK and tire d -- when Alexander used to send a
percentage of his army back home on leave every month with the loot and plunder
– The real reason was that they were scared of dying – for the army of the
empires of Maurya and Nanda were indeed too much for Alexander’s motley army on
mangy horses. They expunged the Maurya empire and claimed it was created after
Alexander died.

HOME SICK INDEED!!!--    just 85 war elephants( of a minor Indian king , who
never deserved a mention in Indian records  ) made them homesick and cry babies
--



When the western countries, came out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and
were staying in caves, eating raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great
civilization, with kings staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in
Sanskrit.

An employee German Max Mueller working for German Jews Rothschild, the owner of
opium running British East India company, was told by Vatican to subvert world
history to prove to all, that Bible dates are right. That the big bang of cosmos
happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion years ago )
and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500 BC ( life
came on earth 4 billion years ago )



By 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and
prayer on this planet is an offshoot of Hinduism and every language is an
offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out of India, with their Swastika symbol (
inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm ) as modern DNA tests have proved, never
into India, as contended by Hitler .


The Indian Shiva / Shakti merging  6 point star has been adopted by Jewish
religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at
Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican.

Below: The lying white historian who converted sunrise to sunset ( victorious
Alexander and defeat Porus )
********************************************************************************
TO DO A DELAP-- TO INNOVATE-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL









Rory Delap who plays for Stoke City in EPL, can throw a ball from the side lines
with a FLAT trajectory to a distance of around 40 metres.

It has the same effect as a corner kick, with the advantage of NO OFFSIDE. The
ball starts off 7 feet higher than the ground . No defender can position himself
due to the flatness of the trajectory.

This strikes terror into the hearts of the goalkeeper and defenders. Delap has
been the reason for 50% of Stoke city’s goals.

No coach in the world has been able to figure out his secret, which is
threatening the football world.

Today my 23 year old son soccer nut son was practicing the throw, with “ your
truly” as the golden retriever.

My son has cracked the Delap code. He is not exactly dumb, as he is bound for
Cornell University for doing his ME in Computer science. He has powerful
shoulder muscles and tendons , as he works out at the gym.

What he does is to take a 4 short and one long stride just before the throw, dig
his front foot in, allow the mental ball of energy to flow from the ground to
his right hand finger tips ( like in a Kung fu punch where the energy comes from
the waist jerk )

-- and release the ball using his right hand to deliver a spin, with the left
-- hand held in position only to legalise the throw. The spin counters gravity
-- and is accurate.

No slow motion camera can tell that this one handed throw is illegal—because
technically the left palm and right palm releases the ball together..

Innovations can be best brought in by outsiders from the industry—they are not
hampered by silly rules and limitations—they don’t even know the existence of
such a rule.

This is why language translater Inter Milan coach JOE MOURINHO is successful.
Innovation has a lot to do with your ability to recognize unusual phenomena. If
you cannot communicate you cannot innovate .

I think of innovation as the "best way" skill.







Do not hesitate to break virtually every rule, held sacred by conventional
wisdom. Always define the right outcomes, rather than the right steps, while
coaching.
********************************************************************************
THE KING OF GUITARISTS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL







ANGUS MC KINNON YOUNG-- THE KING OF LEAD GUITARISTS

Two days ago I saw the movie Iron man 2 with my family. Its sound track album
was no 1 on UK charts.

Can anybody name a lead guitarist—

--Who is the FRONT MAN OF HIS BAND and in the SPOTLIGHT, instead of the
--vocalist. Who has the most recognized trade mark attire Who has natural energy
--without drinks and drugs to be in the zone Who write his own songs Who during
--a performance has signature moves like duck walk, on the floor spasms, running
--back and forth on stage,  Is part of a band which has sold more than 100
--million copies Who started playing on stage at the age of 15 and is still
--going strong after 3.5 decades Who sweats bucket loads in a performance, due
--to his intensity and wild stage energy Who does kamikaze guitar pyrotechnics
--Who is the god of guitar , after such a long run Who can play the guitar with
--one hand, holding it high over his head.

As soon as you hear him play, you know it is him. You don't need to see his
school uniform.

Yes, it is Angus Young of AC DC.

It is not enough to be good like Jimi Hendrix or Eric Clapton or even a Mark
Knopfler.

Rock is all about showmanship , stage presence and kickin’ ass..
********************************************************************************
INTERESTING FACTS AND SOME WISDOM -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL









"Mayday is a distress signal at sea. It comes from the French term M'aidez which
"is pronounced May Day and means, Help Me.

Navigation, is lifted from Sanskrit Navgathi.  Nav means ship and gathi means
travel.

The elephant is the only animal with 4 knees, and is the only fella who cant
jump..

96% of raw cucumber is water.

Camels can spit at you.

A notch on a tree will be the same distance from the ground as the tree grows.

Soaking beans for twelve hours in water before they are cooked can reduce
farting .

Avacados have the highest calories.

Honey has no expiry date at it does not spoil. Honey found in the tombs of
Egyptian Pharoahs has been found to be edible.

Some lions in heat screw over 60 times a day.

The crack of the whip is due to the end breaking the sound barrier Mach 1.

Dolphins like humans have sex for pleasure.

Turtles can breathe through their asshole.

Some female polar bears have a penis.

Tsunami waves travel as fast as a jet plane.

Indian King Cobra sex lasts more than 12 hours.

Children all over the world play hide and seek.

M&Ms were developed so that US soldiers could eat chocolate without getting
sticky fingers.

Men of the Walibri tribe of cenral Australia greet each other by shaking each
other's pricks,instead of shaking each other's hand.

Most dust particles in your room is your own dead skin, which shed and regrow
every 4 weeks.

You are taller in the morning as soon as you get off bed.

Elephants in Kerala spend 23 hours a day eating.

Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.

The king of hearts Charlemagne is the only king without a mustache.

If you dont have mosquito relellant use some perfume on your body, it blocks the
mosquito's sensors so they don't know you're there.

Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.

There are NO black flowers.

Quinine is the dried bark of a tree.

Air sacs make up 20% of a birds volume and its heart beats 1000 times per minute
while flying.

Earth hurtles through space at 67000 miles per hour.

Wounds getting maggots will NOT develop gangrene.

A swan is the only bird with a prick.

A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off - it dies from
starvation!

No piece of square dry paper can be folded more than 7 times in half

It is impossible to lick your elbow— AAHA GOTCHA, I KNEW YOU WOULD TRY


WORDS OF WISDOM

Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than going to a garage
makes you a mechanic.

A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.

Never argue with an idiot, lest he drags you down to his level.

Man is the only mammal who will eat with his enemy.

Eskimos use unplugged fridges to keep food war.

In certain parts of old Malaya, women kept harems of young men.

Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.

In the 17th century the Sultan of Turkey got fed up with his harem, and drowned
the whole lot.

In ancient Rome they held their balls while taking an oath ( testimony )

A man who takes a sleeping pill and laxative on the same night will wake up in
deep sh#t

Cheer up, the worst is yet to come.

Dont ever be ordinary, it is the kiss of death, while you live.

Any time you are unable to concentrate, stare at the second hand needle of your
watch for 60 seconds.

Ageing happens only to people who lose the lust of being better.

Confidence means saying NO, without feeling guilty.
********************************************************************************
MATURITY LESSONS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL








We live in a world where MATURITY is mistaken for being dour , mean and stiff
upper lipped.

It takes a Capt Vadakayil to expose these misanthropes.

An immature man must NEVER keep a dog as a pet--he should keep a cat, who will
not hero worship him. ( Mindset: Cat — you are nothing but dust and ashes. Dog —
for you the world was created.)

Read on to get a handle of maturity. It is not what the whole world and
management school whizkid tell you.

A mature person lives according to the dictates of his own higher intelligence,
not by whims and fancies. He does not have one foot in the past and one foot in
the present to piss on the present. Right NOW— is the greatest moment of his
life.

He knows the difference between what he cannot change and what he can. He knows
what is his can never be taken away from him, while what has never been his will
never stay with him.

He knows that most people are neither for him nor against him-- they are
thinking about themselves and the grind of life. He is aware that no matter what
he does, some people aren’t going to love him –

-- a lesson that is at first troubling and then quite relaxing. He knows that
-- there is good and bad in all people and in all things he will think in
-- absolutes, and is able to be objective even when deeply stirred emotionally.
-- Thus the rate at which a person can mature is directly proportional to the
-- embarrassment he can tolerate.

A mature man does not engage in self-destructive behaviour, or burn up his
energy in anxiety. He is not addicted to self pity and resentment. In a mature
relationship, there is acceptance— there is no covert attempt to change or
straitjacket the other.

He can enjoy the differences. For the foundation or a relationship is
unconditional trust , transparency and freedom.

Maturity is the ability to do a job without being supervised. The ability to
bear an injustice without wanting to get even. It is the capacity to endure
uncertainty.

It is the ability to laugh at yourself. The ability to think, speak and act
within the framework of dignity — MATURITY, IS KNOWING WHEN TO BE IMMATURE AND
DERIVE SOME HAPPINESS FOR YOURSELF AND THE OTHERS. ( is the policeman in the
picture , immature? )

He can communicate freely and understand the others point of view. He can give
unconditional love.

In proactive behavior there is a pause between stimulus and response ( not a
knee jerk reaction )— for making a suitable choice of response. This does not
mean he is hypocritic politician. He is truthful without being cruel and lives
life with compassion.

No one can be a threat to a mature man as he is the fountainhead of his own
solutions. A mature man believes in himself and he is not dying or craving for
the approval or gratitude of others.

He does not care for success at the cost of his dignity and honour. He will not
let criticism or public opinion upset him. When your CONSCIENCE dictates your
life, no one else can.

He will say what he wants to— but in an appropriate manner. He will reject what
others say— but in a logical manner. He will maintain his self respect— and
respect others, who deserve his respect.

A mature man knows that the difference between a loser and a winner is the
difference in the readiness to learn and change, and not being bullheaded about
it..

He will avoid sarcasm, yelling, emotional outbursts when mistakes occur.

A flexible person is always happier than a rigid one. Flexibility is a sign of
life. Rigidity , its absence.

A mature man knows the principles of dynamic risk assessment and can imagine the
WCS ( worst case scenario ).

When people talk about you behind your back, it confirms that you are important
enough. No one kicks a dead dog.

When you cannot forgive someone you are chained to him by hatred and bitterness.
So when you forgive the wrong doer it is a perfectly selfish act.

Mature people have the ability to focus on important things.. They can resign
with good grace whatever they are not.. the eye wont insist that it can hear.
They will not allow yesterday to use too much of today.

There is no reality — only perception. It is up to you to perceive things the
way you want to.

Strike the right balance between effort and resignation .

Be yourself. Get better at listening to your own drummer.
********************************************************************************
RESPECT CULTURE-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL








CULTURE — CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

from a man who has sailed around the world for 3.5 decades and worked with with
alien cultures for long -

- and can think crystal clear!

it is well known that Indians have the oldest culture in the world-- the
Saraswati river Vedic civilization is the oldest in the world --it thrived from
9000 BC to 4000 BC.

culture should be appreciated in terms of itself.

what is moral in one culture might be immoral or ethically neutral in another .

culture is that complex whole -- which is a potpourri of language, ideas,
beliefs, customs, codes, institutions, tools, techniques, art, rituals,
knowledge, morals ,law, habits , folktales , values, conventions, ceremonies etc
etc --- snowballed by man as a member of the society.

the use of culture depends upon an ability for rational or abstract possessed by
humans alone. animals dont have it.

culture could be a logical construct, or a psychic defense mechanism or even an
abstraction from behaviour.

once established, culture has a life of its own, in a CAUSE AND EFFECT --YIN-
YANG relationship--

it flows down through time from one generation to another. it is the most highly
developed means of promoting freedom from worry and continuity of life, in a
series that began with the simple reflex.

man's immediate prehuman ancestors had societies, but they did not have culture.
it can cause a person to die of hunger, though nourishment is available, because
some foods are branded unclean by the culture. and it can cause a person to
disembowel or shoot himself to wipe out a stain of dishonour.

culture is stronger than life and stronger than death. culture triumphs over
death and offers man eternal life.

wife lending among the eskimo might be practiced as a gesture of hospitality, a
way of cementing a friendship and promoting brotherhood in a unforgiving and
dangerous environment, and thus may acquire the status of a high moral value.

cultures themselves must NEVER EVER be evaluated or graded as higher and lower,
superior or inferior.

a culture is a time tested means to an end-- the culture ( or way of life ) of
the more highly developed nation is “imposed” upon the less developed peoples .

now-a-days it is fashion -- to use word culture mindlessly like corporate
culture, computer culture, or alien culture , -- here it is CULTURAL --- not
culture.

in anthropology and sociology we apply culture clashes, culture shock, and
counter- culture (like eating from same plate--)

in a nutshell -- RESPECT CULTURE--

********************************************************************************
MUSCLE SORENESS , LACTIC ACID AND ANAEROBIC ATP -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL









Human cellular produce adenosine triphosphate ATP is also known as the energy of
life. Muscles use ATP as an energy source.

The cardiovascular system is limited in its ability to quickly deliver blood and
oxygen to the working muscles. Because of this, during high intensity exercise,
ATP is also provided by anaerobic metabolism that don't require an ongoing
supply of oxygen. Anaerobic pathways can provide ATP immediately, but they also
have limited stores that need to be refilled after they are used up.

ATP is created in essentially two ways. One is by aerobic metabolism using
oxygen carried in the bloodstream. This is a sure and steady way to create
virtually unlimited sources of energy; however, it has a limit on how fast it
can work.

During intense power exercise, such as fast 100 metres sprinting or lifting
heavy weights, muscles rely on anaerobic metabolism, which can only produce a
certain amount of energy at a time, unlike the aerobic metabolism system, which
can produce energy over hours like for a marathon runner .

Trained marathon runners have a greater ability to quickly deliver oxygen to the
working muscles which increases the ability to use aerobic metabolism at a
higher exercise intensity.

Lactic acid is a product of anaerobic energy production. When you work out, you
stress the fibers in your muscles, causing them to break down. As these muscle
fibers break down, your body responds by processing the by-products of intense
muscular exertion (a complex chemical and mitochondrial process), which is also
referred to as muscular acidosis, or lactic acid build up in the muscle tissue.

This process is accompanied by an aching soreness, varying from mild discomfort
to serious pain. You will most likely feel the most soreness (related to your
body processing the lactic acid buildup in your recovering muscle fibers) the
second and third day after an intense workout.

Vitamin C and potassium a Both nutrients are also believed to speed the recovery
and repair the stressed muscle fibers. Vitamin C can be found in citrus juice
and supplements. Potassium is found in bananas and kiwi.

By drinking plenty of water, you can flush your body of excess lactic acid. When
you take the time to stretch after exercising, you allow the muscles to release
some of the lactic acid building up in the muscles. After several workouts,
you’ll find your muscles suffer less and less from pain related to lactic acid
build up. This is because the muscles adapt to the strain placed upon them.

Pain is a warning mechanism the threat of injury, to bodily tissues.

Large bulging muscles of wrestler is a good example of cellular adaptation The
normal muscle cell might have 2,000 myofilaments, the hypertrophied cell might
have 4,000 myofilaments. The workload can now be divided evenly among twice as
many myofilaments, and the muscle cell is capable of more work.

The new cells are more robust than their fragile cousins. The individual can do
wrestling without excessive fatigue, and no cell injury results from the hard
session. A new level of equilibrium has been achieved by the process of cellular
hypertrophy. A wrestler with this type of muscular development can be considered
to be in excellent physical condition.

A large part of the loss of muscle mass with age is the result of disuse and
atrophy rather than loss of muscle fibres. Muscles which are not used shrink at
an alarming rate— disuse atrophy.

The greatest myth propagated by sport coaches is that lactic acid is the cause
of the stiffness felt after an event such as a marathon. Stiffness is caused
mostly to damage to the muscle, and not an accumulation of lactic acid or lactic
acid crystals in the muscle. Lactic acid does not exist as an acid in the body:
it exists in another form called “lactate”, and it is this that is actually
measured in the blood when “lactic acid” concentration is determined.

Another misconception is that lactate is responsible for acidifying the blood,
thereby causing fatigue. To the contrary, lactate is actually an important fuel
that is used by the muscles during prolonged exercise. Lactate released from the
muscle is converted in the liver to glucose, which is then used as an energy
source. So rather than cause fatigue, it actually helps to delay a possible
lowering of blood glucose concentration, a condition called hypoglycemia, and
which will cause a runner to feel weak and fatigued if it occurs.

Muscle cells convert glucose or glycogen to lactic acid. Then lactic acid is
absorbed converted to a fuel by mitochondria in muscle cells.

By training at a high intensity (lactate threshold training) the body creates
additional proteins that help absorb and convert lactic acid to energy. Thus
when muscle is rebuild after a power isometric workout , the secreted hormone
builds the muscles by redirecting fat from the abdomen area of men – butt for
women.

A kilo of waste fat requires 7000 calories. 300 calories is burnt in one hour of
brisk walking. ( it is K calories !)

By sipping ice cold water every 20 minutes during the day you provide a clear
repeated signal to your metabolism to keep your energy and alertness levels
higher. When ice water reaches the stomach it stimulates increased energy
production though out the body and raise alertness. It also causes loss of
excess body fat. One way to FOOL YOUR METABOLISM.

Hypertension is a drought management system of the body , where reverse osmosis
takes place to refill the cells with water. Doctors do the reverse — they
happily prescribe diuretics.

Think about it!
********************************************************************************
NOBEL PRIZE VALUE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL








My son has chosen Cornell university among 11, who have given him an acceptance
letter for his ME in Computer Science.

One of the major factors affecting his choice is that as of 2009 , there are 42
Nobel laureates affiliated to Ivy league university Cornell.

So-- What is the worth of a NOBEL PRIZE?

Mahatma Gandhi was nominated 5 times for peace , but never got it. Later Nobel
commitee clarified that Gandhi died and they do not believe in posthumous
awards. But they developed amnesia and gave a posthumous award to Dag
Hammarskjold.


When Gandhi went to London to see the queen , he was told that he was not
sufficiently dressed--to which he remarked that the queen would be wearing
enough clothes for both.

Henry Kissinger got it for peace , despite being a war monger-- joint prize
winner Le Duc Tho refused to dishonour himself and declined the joint peace
prize .

Nikola Tesla could not get it-- for lighting up the world, for he was eastern
orthodox Serbian, and Edison used money power and media against him. Marconi got
it after stealing Tesla's work.

Mark Twain was ignored , probably because he was too friendly with Nikola Tesla.

Rabindranath Tagore gets it for penning our national anthem Jana Gana Mana
--written solely to welcome King George to India -- though art the dispenser of
our destiny -- blah blah--

Opportunist Mother Theresa who hardly dirtied her hands got it for opening 500
convents worldwide-- yes she was there with dirty hands , in all photo shoots
done by the white man.

And how about this-- Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo wins the 2010 Nobel Prize--and
the kisses of the west.

Menachem Begin , a mass murderer on whose head Britain had a bounty of 10000
pounds when he was head of the terrorist group Irgun in 1948, got it for peace!
Imagine Osama Bin Laden receiving a Nobel peace prize !!-- just because the top
superpowers are Muslim.

Al Gore gets it for giving bull about meteorology-- ( he did terrific self
marketing by making sure all international flights played his findings on DVD ).
We all know the effect of HAARP on the ionosphere and subsequent global warming.

Dimitri Mendeleyev could not get it for his fantastic Chemical periodic table--
just because he gave Sanskrit names to a few elements --out of courtesy to
Panini.

22% of all Nobel prizes giev has been bestowed on Jews. 181 Jews to be exact.
This is bizarre as the world Jewish polulation is just 0.02%.

Only 3 Muslims have got the Nobel prize so far.

Shows the hold of Rothschild and Zionists in this arena.


WHAT A DISGRACE!

Here is a 7000 year old Vedic chant--Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
COLLECTIVE CONSCIOUSNESS AND THE MILLING MOB-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Myself and my wife had gone for the AR Rahman ( genius who can thrash Hans
Zimmer on the keyboard , and Oscar award winner ) concert at Calicut last year.

I took an expensive row to avoid injury to my wife just in case there was a
stampede-- with lot of bomb scares going around India around that time.

The concert was delayed , and the crowd in the huge gallery section started
milling out of disappointment and dashed expectations. Just like how cattle
behave just before a stampede.

The milling of an stadium audience is usually the signal that customary rules of
courtesy toward performers are no longer applicable and that different forms of
behaviour may be expected. There always lie within us certain antagonistic
attitudes. Our ego is constructed out of this matrix of aggressiveness and
superiority of our own group.

This section was mostly made of emotional college students. They were now about
to release the inhibitions of attitudes that had been censored.

Since milling behavior study was one of my per hobbies , i was observing closely
and taking videos using my N95.

The crowd on the gallery ( about 30000 people ) soon became a mob due to the
frustration of delay. Soon i could notice the internal rapport or collective
hypnosis, where an individual loses self control and responds only to the
dictates of the crowd. THIS IS THE STATE WHERE THE INDIVIDUAL IS ABSORBED INTO
THE CROWD AND CONTROLLED BY THE CROWD MIND.. The air of menace had emerged from
the crowd, and the basest of human impulses were soon to be expressed-- “herd
instincts” and “the group mind”

As the police looked on nervously -- suddenly without warning -- a Mexican wave
started anti- clockwise.

We all were lucky that this expressive behavior was constructive.

The frenzy of the crowd became contagious, and the contagion fed upon itself
like a typhoon, growing -- and soon they had the perfect mexican wave with all
IN THE WAVE holding up their lighted up mobile phones in the twilight.

--and then suddenly

-- surprise --

another perfect mexican wave started reverse , clockwise -- with more noise and
frenzy.

The students being intelligent pulled this of with great panache--

i don't think i will ever get to see a more exhilarating sight. Two opposing
human waves with sound and light becoming one and then separating swiftly--
again and again--

i was overcome with a sense of euphoria due to the crowd emotion and motion-

it was a sight for the gods --

--whereby a huge crowd fell under the influence of a collective mind and
--provided a wonderful atmosphereand burnt their nervous energy out.

 The element of spontaneity, is always a crucial component of collective
behavior.
********************************************************************************
WHEN A CROWD TUNS INTO A MOB -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



 





This is an extension of my previous blog, where a restless milling mob of 30000
souls showed CONSTRUCTIVE behavior-- and produced awesome opposing Mexican
waves---

What follows is my observations when i put myself inside a milling mob-- to get
the feel, and also from outside--

Once in Pusan Korea , watching the milling from outside gave me the shivers and
i beat a hasty retreat-- what with bandannas and warpaint being put on, the
swagger,  gasoline jerry cans popping out to make Molotov cocktails to the beat
of drums-- and a armed to the teeth riot police waiting nearby--

Riots and public lynchings being commonplace in India, mob psychology can be
predicted easily.

I have seen in Australia,  police showing preferential treatment when the
berserk drunken mob chasing Lebanese on the beachfront  is made of English
speaking whites. Another set of standards are shown for students of  coloured
Indian race who protest peacefully against racist violence , by pinning them
down without escape routes--and not allowing them a voice.

In the Jallianwala bagh massacre , the British had sealed off all escape routes
before gunning down 1500 unarmed and peaceful people ( 10% of the crowd
including women and children ) who were holding a meeting.

Ego laden Capt Bligh of Mutiny on the County fame could not see the signs of
milling with a thousand natives beating rocks held in both hands together in
unison on the beach -- causing painful loss of life .

here we go--


A crowd is not a mob but it can become one, in a jiffy — that all crowds can
transform into law breaking mobs , is the core of mob sociology.  A crowd is law
abiding, while a mob is not.

A crowd turns into a destructive mob only due to one factor-- ANONYMITY.

This makes them feel that they can beat up anybody or burn property. This is
called mob mentality.


De individualisation leads to strange lowering of intellectual faculties and
bizzare de- rationalisation. The individual is absorbed into the crowd and is
now controlled by the singular mob mind.


In society there always exists an undercurrent of anger towards the
establishment for unfair treatment, with no effective way to deal with the
situation. Our conventions of manners have taught us to react politely even to
people whom we distrust and dislike.





There is a perception that a crisis is required to achieve long denied
aspirations, and that all legitimate channels of achieving this are blocked
deliberately..


Once  the fuel has accumulated , any spark can set it off.  The self importance
of the individual , suddenly far exceeds his own mundane social life standing.
Delusions of grandeur and self righteousness prevails.


An actual incident isn’t required— just a rumor ( like an attempted
assassination attempt ) can spread through a group and turn deep-seeded anger
into a violent outburst.


Riots which are set off due to soccer sports teams losing , is due to
disappointment and release of pent up frustrations by hitting slow passing cars
etc -- while if it is due to team winning, it is always alcohol related and a
victory celebration.


It is important that the police know the basics of crowd management-- it is NOT
about charging in like storm troopers and beating all the so called enemies to
bone crunching submission or putting them behind bars.


Faced with the prospect of arrest 99% people just want to home home.


All that is required is for the uniformed police to intimidate by beating their
batons on their shields, or even taking photographs of the crowd, to knock off
the CLOAK OF ANONYMITY-- so that feelings of selfconsiousness are not erased.


It may be critical to arrest the ring leaders.


It is crucial to cordon off the area, to prevent more people from coming in--but
an escape route must be provided for the mob caught  inside, lest in panic they
trample each other.


There are many who look for that ecstatic experience of outlandish behavior, for
release from dreary routine , removal of inhibitions , partisanship and to
dominate those whom they don't like but dare not attack alone.


The sole aim of the police is to transform the mob back into into a crowd, and
give them time to dissipate their emotions or burn itself out.


Once a single riot is full blown it can spread to hundreds of cities like what
happened when Indira Gandhi was gunned down-- this is called scapegoating.. 3000
innocent patriotic Sikhs were butchered overnight.


When someone violates good citizenship, it must be nipped in the bud on the spot
, el pronto -- for inaction will ALWAYS mushroom unacceptable disruptive
behavior.
********************************************************************************
A MARRIAGE SANS FIGHTS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Sometimes I wonder why my 28 years of marriage has gone smoothly without a
single fight.


   
Especially when yours truly is a super strong character, who does not take
anything lying down.

One of the factors definitely is -- that i went for an arranged marriage.

Of course we saw each other and gave our consent. Our parents gauged our
compatibility. Our horoscopes were matched to see if the most intelligent force
blessed the union.

Being a handsome young sailor i had my share of opportunities for a love
marriage -- but i knew that love marriages do NOT work.

I wanted a girl who could blush, for the blush is the most powerful charm of a
girl's beauty. And is not a blush the color of virtue?

I was acutely aware of the worry and strain of the Western marriage concept
where sex plays a major role. When the feelings wane we all know what is in
store.

The western marraige is based on lust and feelings , the Eastern on TRUST honour
and committment. An Indian woman does NOT go for silicon implants to SAVE her
marriage.

An arranged marriage is a compromise. It is a 51:49 relationship.

When a cup of tea has to be made there is no doubt who is gonna make it.  When
it comes to security of the family there is no doubt who will provide that.

In India the divorce rate is less than 1% while in the west it is greater than
50%.




Country  /     %  Divorce   Albania /                     19      Armenia/ 17
Australia/ 48      Austria/                       47 Azerbaijan/
12      Bahamas/ 5 Belarus            /           45      Belgium/
71 Bermuda/ 25      Bosnia & Herz/             8        Brazil/ 24
Bulgaria/                      47 Canada/                       49 Chile/
3        China/ 22 Colombia/                    9        Costa Rica/
47 Croatia/ 25      Cuba/                          53 Cyprus/
28      Czech Republic/ 66      Denmark/ 49      Dominican Rep/           41
Ecuador/                     20 Egypt   / 17       El Salvador/
23 Estonia /                     58      European Union/ 47      Finland /
47       France            /           55       Georgia/ 19 Germany/
49       Gibraltar/                    49 Grenada/                    22 Greece
/        25 Guatemala/                 5         Hungary/                    67
Iceland           /           37      India/       0.08
    



 Iran/14Ireland/15Israel/30Italy/27Jamaica/9Japan/36Jordan/25
 Kazakhstan/27Kuwait/42Kyrgyzstan/16Latvia/52Lebanon/17Libya/5
 Liechtenstein/48Lithuania/53Luxembourg/62Mauritius/17Mexico/15Moldova/42
 Mongolia/32Montenegro/14Netherlands/46NewZealand/45Nicaragua/17Norway/46
 Panama/27Poland/28Portugal/69Qatar/29RepofMacedonia/11Romania/28Russia/51
 SaudiArabia/20Serbia/22Singapore/28Slovakia/47Slovenia/38SouthAfrica/17
 SouthKorea/35Spain/62SriLanka0.19Suriname/31Sweden/49Switzerland/52
 Syria/9Tajikistan/6Thailand/25TrinidadnTobago/35Turkey/20Ukraine/42
 UnitedKingdom/51UnitedStates/56Uzbekistan/8Venezuela/27Vietnam/4



Wrigley's chewing gum and perfumes are a must before a western date-- for the
boy and girl must taste their mutual fruits -- before saying YES.

In the Eastern concept the boy gets to taste the fruits , only after the
ceremony. It is an exciting period of discovery. Love will follow.

On the GRAPH of love versus time-- on X / Y axis, a love marriage starts at zero
time ( wedding night ) on the horizontal axis and 100% love on the vertical
axis.

What is already on top cannot go up any more--remember you had been  surviving
on love and fresh air and showing only your best behavior and profile to each
other , hiding all your warts,  BO with perfume and MO with Wrigleys.

Within two months the index falls like an asymptotic curve.



Everything in life is relative. In one , the index keeps falling , while in the
other it has to rise.

For what was this love--just an arrangement of convenience.



If you were staying in Mumbai you fall in love with a girl from Mumbai--if you
were in Timbuctoo you fall in love with a girl from there. True love knows no
barriers of race, religion or age.

My arranged marriage  started with the index on zero love at zero time. What is
already at rock bottom cannot fall any further. It can only go up.  Ego does not
play a huge role.

Marriage is an institution which must be respected.



I remember when my crew was Jamaican , and if they did something extraordinary ,
like winning a race at the Flying Angels athletic meet --

I would pose a question. " Brown , whom did you run for" .

Pat comes the answer " I ran for Maaamma " .

Naturally-- Brown did NOT run for Paaapa because his mother never married,-- she
just lived in with lot of men.

digression:--

However here is my self proclaimed answer to the first question --the first line
of this piece. At our honeymoon hotel , they had a package for honeymoon
couples. There were 12 newly weds in a nice luxury coach.

Our first stop was the Ooty lake. All the eleven couples went for the foot
paddle boats. I went for the rowing wooden boat with the heavy oars-- declined
the services of a professional rower, and shot off to the other end of the huge
lake like an arrow.

Very soon i could see 11 envious ladies cajoling their husbands to be more
romantic ( like me ) and row serenade them ,  instead of forcing them to use
their delicate leg power.

 Sowehad12rowingboatsinthelake--prettysoon--withNOprofessionalrowersinthem.

Out of these 12 , 11 got stuck in the slush with the grooms unable to row
further due to enervated tendons  fatigued muscles and blistered palms --
triggering off a huge rescue operation which took two hours, in front of a huge
sniggering crowd.-- what with so much of smeared lipsticks and smudged
mascaras--

All 11 genteel brides had panicked and were in tears--some of them wailing
loudly.

All 11 grooms gave me dirty looks, for spoiling their party --  Their brides
were giving me side glances of admiration.

I could see that my wife was proud of me , for she started holding mE hand --
and she had reprogrammed her DNA to respect me for ever  HA!  ;-).

Below : This picture was taken immediately after the lake rowing incident- my
nostrils are dilated and I am sweating and breathing hard -




PSSST, secret --  Why should i tell her than i was a champion team rower of
whaler and cutters while in our Training ship which had 250 cadets . We
practised almost daily for 2 years. I used to be the bowman , who had 1:6 ratio
on the crutch pivot while the rest of the team had 1:3 ( boat is narrow at the
bows )

--and my rowing tendons, were seasoned and tough  like steel wires..

TEEE--HEEEEEE !
********************************************************************************
BODY LANGUAGE SECRETS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





i knew of an accountant who had 12 females in his department--all of whom were
in LOVE with him--but the poor guy never knew it--

so what are the signs emitted by a female who is interested in a male ?--
     

           
body language is an outward reflection of her emotional condition-- it can't lie
--like words! when words and body language are in conflict--ignore 'em words--
and secret-- when women lie they always appear to be damn busy--



           

signals like pupil dilation ( opposite is beady eyes , which show NIL love
interest ) --



  --and blushing can never be wrong -- by the way a blush is the most powerful
  --charm of a woman's beauty--
       
---and basis body language signs are the same all over the world-- which i have
---been sailin' around for 3.5 decades--
      

                     

as soon as she sees you the first time , and she fancies you-- she will give
that SIDEWAYS look , a second longer than necessary-- the eyes of a woman always
smile at a man she is attracted to-



       

she could put her face on the backside of both her open palms-- with her elbows
on the table-- inner wrists exposed-- and her eyebrows will flash a wee bit--



       

if she managed to hold your glance for an extended gaze of 4 seconds --and then
looked down , she will soon enough bite her lower lips to make them red --like
how the female rhesus monkey makes its ass red -- ( oops! i am NOT supposed to
support darwin--for according to him, the evolution stopped after humans, i wish
he lived longer to hear about quantum physics )



       

she will look at your footwear to check out if they are elegant or bumpkin
type--

and then--



   

IF SHE YAWNS --IT MEANS THAT SHE HAS FALLEN IN LOVE AT FIRST GLANCE ( i hold the
intellectual rights for this , ok? ). Love yawns release huge waves of energy
from the heart.

--it is basically a yearnin' sigh! big waves of energy emanates from her heart!!



       

and, she will be watching you using her peripheral vision--
     
lucky you!!
********************************************************************************
HISTORY RE INVENTED-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




--- about history getting fudged--

when hitler invaded austria / czech and precipitated the 2nd world war-- the
english speaking anglo- saxon cried WOLF -- what was he doing? he was sitting on
60% of the world, including india -- eyeing the remaining 40% like how a spider
eyes the fly! what happened to all the red indians of usa and aborginies of
australia? who started slavery ?

when britain left india in 1947-- the power of a nuclear submarine was well
known -- whoever controls the BLUE INDIAN OCEAN controls the world- - the
communists of china and russia , could get into the central all weather ocean
from either side of the himalayas -- the americans put two islamic buffers
there-- west pakistan and east pakistan ( bangla-desh )- - islam and communism
are like oil and water-- ideology does not mix--

TODAY THE SAME ISLAMIC BUFFER IS GIVING A HUGE PROBLEM TO THEM --

vasco-da-gama reached CALICUT ( my home town ) in 1498-- and discovered india --
our palace records say something else -- vasco-da-gama was hopelessly lost in
malindi ( kenya )-- he was piloted across by the calicut king's ( zamorin ) deep
sea pilot ibn aziz-- ibn aziz saw some strange white men on the principal street
of malindi and wanted to know where they were from--11 years before that a
spanish ship had come to india--one local kerala beach is named after that
spanish captain -- i guess he forgot to send the all important ARRIVAL FAX.

our calicut kings had deep sea pilots who went all the way aqaba and jerusalem
hundreds of years before christ-- this is how doubting thomas came after christs
death to india, by ship--

the hero of israel-- king solomon ( of david fame ). his offical seal is etched
in my vernacular mother tongue MALAYALAM-- probably his wife sheba made him do
this. you can see a photograph of this kings official seal in madame blavatsky's
book.

-- and mother theresathey have canonised herwho was she ?

4 feet nothing-- had a beard-- ugly like ughhh -- ran away from impoverished
albania -- was sent to india as she was uneducated, knew no english --

 -- she did her act wellused her white skin to advantageshe got herself all the
 -- publicityshe was the queen bee of her kingdom --

when a white man from a magazine came for a photoshoot, she would fondle lepers
and cuddle babies-- just like how politicians do before elections--

-- there were thousands who did more than her but never cared for publicity or
-- photographs --

-- true philanthropists shun publicity--

pray, what were her options in life-- could she have got married? could she have
got a decent job? WAS SHE PRINCESS DIANA OR ANJELINA JOLIE?

EDUCATION IS SELF DISCOVERY OF OWN IGNORANCE. When the western countries, came
out from the quaternary ice age in 9500 BC, and were staying in caves, eating
raw meat and doing grunt grunt, India was a great civilization, with kings
staying in palaces, wearing silk and writing poetry in Sanskrit. An employee
German Max Mueller working for German Jews Rothschild, the owner of opium
running British East India company, was told by Vatican to subvert world history
to prove to all, that Bible dates are right. That the big bang of cosmos
happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion years ago )
and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500 BC ( life
came on earth 4 billion years ago ) . BY 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda was
written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot of
Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. The Aryans went out of
India, with their Swastika symbol ( inscribed on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm ) as
modern DNA tests have proved, never into India, as contended by Hitler . The
Indian Dravidian Anahata Chakra 6 point star has been adopted by Jewish
religion. Shiva Lingam stones of ex-pagan temples are the main attraction at
Mecca Kaaba , Dome of the rock at Jerusalem and Vatican.
********************************************************************************
HIBERNATION WITH HYDROGEN SULPHIDE GAS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL







On one of my chemical tankers , I had a severe emergency.

My chief officer, 2nd Engineer , Fitter and Deck cadet fell unconscious in a
stainless steel cargo tank having Stearic acid at 70 deg C, and padded with
Nitrogen to reduce oxygen content to less than 1% of oxygen by volume.

To cut a long story short, we got 3 of them , on the top platform of the tank
ladder , out in a jiffy and got them back on their feet by CPR and oxygen.

But the 2nd Engineer had slid down to the 2nd platform and was just inches off
the hot chemical surface. It took us 23 minutes to get him out and revive him.

He came out cold , with No breathing and pulse , with a gaping cut on his
eyebrow showing no bleeding. As a last resort I had held on to overhead pipes
and used my feet on his torso from behind using my body weight –in a type of
Shaffer's style . The moment he started breathing we hooked on pure oxygen .

Since that incident he got promoted twice with NIL signs of brain damage.

I would like to believe that went into a state of HIBERNATION or suspended
animation or state of hypothermia -- triggered by some H2S gas just on top of
the Palm oil derivative.

My Russian Chief Engineer whose home was in the Ural mountains with plenty of
bears would talk about how the bears love to bury freshly killed meat and wait
till the carcass rotted before they would eat it, in the beginning of winter . I
guess the whole thing is about Hydrogen Suphide which propels them into
hibernation. Hydrogen sulfide is something all of us make in our bodies all the
time to buffer our metabolic flexibility—It is what makes our body core
temperature to stay at 98.7 degrees F, regardless of whether we're in Siberia or
Congo.

Same way H2S is used by warm blooded animals, like bears that go into
hibernation as a way of reducing body temperature .


The body temperature of a hibernating bear will drop from its usual 100 degrees
F to 88 degrees F. The bear's heart will slow from 90 beats a minute down to 25
beats . Instead of its usual 18 breaths per minute, a hibernating bear will take
one deep breath every 45 seconds. Electrical activity inside a hibernating brain
indicates  a 90 percent reduction .

The bear is  balanced on a very narrow line between the maintenance of life at a
level that makes recovery from hibernation possible and a reduction of
metabolism to a level that will lead to death. Hibernation is entered into from
a state of sleep.. Hibernation and sleep are somewhat similar in that essential
body processes continue during both periods , though at a lowered level. .
Exposed to food shortages, extremely low temperatures, the bear just turns off
its thermostat and hibernates until the environment becomes more favourable. Lot
of calories is requires to convert into heat and survive icy conditions.



Hydrogen sulfide is similar to oxygen at the molecular level because it binds at
many of the same proteins. As a result, H2S competes for and interferes with the
body's ability to use oxygen for energy production -- a process within the
cell's power-generating machinery called oxidative phosphorylation. During a
hibernation-like state, cellular activity slows to a near standstill, which
reduces dramatically the animals’ need for oxygen.

Hibernating animals conserve energy, during winter when food is short, tapping
energy reserves, body fat, at a slow rate. It is the animal's slowed metabolic
rate which leads to a reduction in body temperature and not the other way
around.

As hibernation drastically reduces the amount of oxygen that cells need to
survive It could be used to buy time when treating severe blood loss for wounded
soldiers , hypothermia in freezing seas , heart attacks and strokes, in which
oxygen deprivation kills off tissue, leading to disability or death.

David Blaine was submerged in a water-filled sphere on the stage of “The Oprah
Winfrey Show” during a live broadcast, and he  held his breath for 17 minutes
and 4 seconds—for a new  Guinness World Record. It is reported that Blaine
inhaled pure oxygen for 23 minutes before the feat.

WELL—I CAN SAY THAT HE WOULD HAVE DONE BETTER IF HE BREATHED IN HYDROGEN
SULPHIDE BEFORE THE FEAT AND USED OXYGEN AFTER WARDS TO REVIVE HIMSELF.


In extreme doses, hydrogen sulfide can bind to cells in place of oxygen, thus
shutting down metabolism.

Hibernator animals have like bears have significant depots of brown fat in
several anatomical locations (most notably between the shoulder blades), humans
have very insignificant stores of this specialized tissue. We can only generate
significant amounts of heat by muscle activity, i. e., shivering.  So not only
in terms of our internal thermostat but also anatomically, we humans are ill-
equipped to hibernate. In technical terms, we are incapable of “non-shivering
thermogenesis”.

The large amounts of fatty tissue in overweight people are useless for
hibernation,  as this “yellow” adipose tissue is unable to generate heat.
Otherwise we could loose weight simply by turning down the heating during winter
or taking a walk in the cold with inadequate clothing.

To travel to far off planets , astronauts may have to be in suspended animation
to cut off unwieldy consumables - food and water - on a journey that could take
years .  During hibernation, black bears rarely urinate or defecate. Virtually
all metabolic waste is reused, including excess calcium, which is refashioned
into new bone.





Some cancer treatments work by denying oxygen to malignant cells. But the
approach can also harm nearby healthy cells. If the oxygen needs of healthy
cells could be reduced through suspended animation, then cancer medicines could
be used longer, with greater effect.


Hydrogen sulfide treatment might improve the safety of surgery operations, such
as coronary artery- bypass  that can temporarily reduce oxygen supply to the
heart and brain.


I am claiming the PATENT to this hibenation post -


Like H2S , Nitric Oxide is a bio signaller--as written in the Indian Vedas 7000
years ago.

This is why our King Mantra OM --has the humming function to trigger production
of the Nitric oxide molecule.

Both H2S and NO relaxes blood vessels-- and the miracle part is that they share
the job, in a QUID PRO QUO manner, and a Tamas-Rajas (Yin-Yang..) manner.
********************************************************************************
GAMMA BRAIN WAVES -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL










IN THE GAMMA STATE YOU ARE AWARE OF YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS. THEY ARE THE BRAINWAVES
OF A PSYCHIC IN A TRANCE.


When you are under anesthesia, the Gamma brain waves stop.  Obtaining a stress-
free gamma state is perhaps one of the GREATEST FEELINGS imaginable

If i suddenly put a King Cobra in your room , as soon as you see it, you will
experience intense fear --your brain will jump into the Gamma range ( >40 Hz on
EEG  ) for a very brief time . The mind is extremely focused on just one thought
while in the gamma brainwave range.

Gamma Brainwaves are associated with the brain function which creates a
holographic synthesis of data stored in various areas of the brain to fuse them
together into a higher perspective. The Gamma state fosters intuition and
creativity.

When i wrote the Chemical Handbook for my company--i used to be in the Gamma
brainwave state for about 8 hours a day--- in a state of crystal-clear mental
lucidity and great focus . It is a state of peak performance.

Gamma brainwaves have a frequency of over 40 Hz (40 pulses per second). This EEG
frequency registers during problem solving.  Gamma brainwaves are associated
with high-level information processing in the brain.

Gamma waves are associated with enhanced perception and a high level of
consciousness. There happens a binding of your senses . The gamma brainwave is
what allows you to experience, smell, touch, vision, taste, and hearing
altogether.

Your brain is able to operate more efficiently at a higher level. Thoughts are
easily processed and the brain is able to easily absorb and understand new
information and changes in one’s environment.

The gamma brainwave is a natural antidepressant and it boosts your overall
levels of happiness.

People with high amounts of gamma brainwaves have a advanced learning abilities.

The gamma brainwave has been associated with higher than average levels of
intelligence. People with lower I.Q.’s and learning disabilities cannot have
gamma brainwaves.

Gamma brainwave activity is present in Rapid-Eye Movement (R.E.M.) Sleep .



Observing a thought not only makes you aware of the thought but it also makes
you conscious of yourself as a witness to the thought.

A new dimension of consciousness has stepped in, the habitual, compulsive
thoughts have lost their power and will gradually subside.

As you learn to go into the high Gamma state, you decide when to think, and in
the empty spaces between the thoughts, you will feel an inner peace and
calmness. This is not a state of trance - there is no loss of consciousness
here.

On the contrary you are much more awake, aware and present, than in the state
where you identify with your thoughts.

In the high Gamma state with no thoughts, you become conscious of your own
being-- of your own true nature.

In this sublime state you will realize that all that really matters such as
beauty, freedom, love, creativity, joy and inner peace,--  is found beyond
thoughts.

Gamma is the harmonizing frequency - for example when you are observing an
object, its colour, size, texture etc are all perceived and processed by
different parts of the brain, Gamma allows for unification of all the different
information.

Beyond Gamma you have HyperGamma, Lambda and Epsilon frequencies.

They are linked together in a circular relationship -where if you looked with a
magnifying glass at an extremely slow Epsilon brain frequency, you would see
hidden within it a modulation frequency of 100 - 200 Hz.

If you stand back far enough from an extremely fast 200 Hz brainwave frequency,
you would see that is it riding on the crest of a slow motion modulating wave of
Epsilon.

This Epsilon state of consciousness (the state Yogi's go into when they achieve
"suspended animation") is where western medical doctors can perceive no heart
beat, respiration or pulse.


The vedic civilisation flourished from 9000 BC to 4000 BC on the banks of the
river Saraswati, till the river dried up due to an earthquake blocking the
glacial mouth at the Himalayas. These seers had 12 strand DNA and king sized
resonating pineal glands.Yoga was born on the banks of the river Saraswati.



HyperGamma and Lambda states of consciousness are the states associated with the
ability of certain sects of Tibetan monks who can mediate in the Himalayan
mountains in sub-zero temperatures with scanty clothing and melt the snow all
around them.
********************************************************************************
PSYCHICS , MEDIUMS , HEALERS AND REIKI CHANNELS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL











A psychic  has the powers to detect the invisible universe , to foresee events
in the future or to contact spirits. They have 6th sense, esp, inner sight or
intuition.

The psychic ( unlike a schizophrenic ) has a clear boundary between the real
physical world and the invisible world.  In USA they employ psychics for police
and military work.

Hypnosis invented by James Braid  ( 1795—1860),  he was the first in the western
world to re-invent the ancient Indian Vedic  theory of mind over matter (
psychokinesis ) . He showed that the power of suggestion could have an
extraordinary effect on body.

Aether ( akasha ) is the source of all intelligence in the universe. It makes up
the force field. It is the life force that sustains all the atoms and molecules
in the universe.


We hardly ever think of the empty space where the electrons buzz around. 99.999%
of the atom is empty space. Electrons pelt around the nucleus at tremendous
speeds , without slowing down because they tap into quantum fluctuations in
empty space -- i remember asking my physics teacher about this , when i was 13
years old-- and he got upset with me.

When you die the soul lives on in a afterlife in the higher planes. We sense the
visible universe with our 5 human senses. The invisible universe is outside
these 5 senses. We must use ESP to perceive aspects of this vast invisible
universe. Not every psychic is a medium.  A medium is someone who can contact
and receive messages from the spirit world.

Everything in the physical world that appears to be static is in fact made of of
vibrating particles. The soul or spirit which inhabit the higher dimensions of
the universe vibrates at higher frequencies that are faster than the speed of
light.  We can communicate with them only through ESP .

Akashic record—every thing that has ever happened in the universe is held in a
vast library of the cosmic memory.  Anyone who can tune in can access this
memory bank.

When you look at a person you see only his physical body.  A psychic can see 7
extra  layers or auras surrounding it.  Each aura is a higher vibration or
frequency. These bodies interlink and are as real as your physical body. If they
are healthy , you will be healthy. If they are unhealthy you will have mental,
spiritual, emotional or physical imbalance. Each aura has a link to a different
plane in the universe.

A psychic reading the auras at this level may pick up thoughts that are not
conscious to the person being read but that are unconsciously influencing his
behavior.

When reading the higher auras of the body. Psychics can pick up messages about
future events that will impact the person being read. This is because on a
etheric level, events in the future already exist.

The feeling of being pushed or pulled by fate is also the influence of the
higher cosmic forces.

The 3 higher spiritual auras are the seat of the higher self. The higher self or
super conscious is our personal link between visible and invisible universe.  It
communicates and interrelates with higher cosmic consciousness.

The higher self transmits messages to the subconscious mind in the form of
dreams, intuition and psychic insight. The subconscious then communicates these
to your conscious mind through images, thoughts and feelings. Dreams are
symbolic and need interpretation.

The auras contain seven chakras . The crown chakra is the point of access to the
spiritual universe. The Chakras are traditionally considered the "nervous
system" of the metaphysical body, since it is through them that life energies
are received, processed, and transmitted, and through them that body, mind, and
spirit are linked together into one holistic system. The energy-information
frequencies found in the Aura are identical to those found in the Chakra
channels

The chakras are connected to each other through etheric channels. Physical,
emotional, mental and spiritual ailments can be correlated with energy blocks or
dysfunctions within the chakras. Balancing the chakra through psychic healing
allows the appropriate flow of energy to a chakra to reestablish health on each
level.

Logical left brain thinking is held in high esteem by the western society.you
can overturn this and pay attention to your hunches and grow your clairvoyance.

The spirit world exists in a dimension of higher vibration. A medium forms a
link or channel , a route of communication with those who have passed to the
other side. He does so by raising his vibration or frequency to a point where
the link can be formed. As this same time the spirits lower their vibration.
They communicate the energies through pictures , feelings, sounds and thoughts.
The medium interprets these through his broadened sense bands.

The universe cannot distinguish between a positive and negative thought.  A
negative thought will bring a negative manifestation towards you. Karma is the
law of cause and effect.

When you use psychic power you tap into the level of the universe, where
individuality does not exist. At this level each of us is a part of a universal
and cosmic consciousness where we are connected as though held together by
invisible threads. This interconnectedness means that every thing we do or think
affects everything and everyone else. A black magician uses this knowledge to
send negative thoughts that will harm another person.

Everything is made out of energy. What appears to be solid is made up of
vibrating particles, atoms and molecules. This includes human beings. According
to psychic theory all the beings that live in the universe are made up of
vibrating energies. The higher and faster the frequency, the higher the plane of
the universe.

Psychic development will teach you how to raise your vibration or lower it at
will.

Time and space are features in the material world , not the invisible world.
There the present past and future are all occurring right now. This means when
you contact the higher realms you can tap into past lives or the future.

By learning to project your will and change your vibration through altering the
state of your consciousness , you will begin to develop psychic powers.

All psychic exercises require you to alter your state of consciousness to reach
ALPHA ( 7  Hz ) state. It is a light trance state achieved by meditation. Your
breathing slows down, you cease to notice noise, and visual distractions.  You
must be in the NOW.

Self hypnosis is a form of meditation in which the mind is stilled to reach an
altered state of consciousness. Chanting and certain music ( classical ) can
raise your vibration and help you to meditate.



Gold colour can balance disturbed energy. Indian did not start wearing gold ,
quartz and diamonds for sheer investment.

Dark spots in the aura may indicate illness. Aura’s energy-information can be
used to accurately analyze a patient’s psychological and emotional states. Each
part and level of the human Aura is related to different aspects of the person's
psychology or physical health, and reveals an interaction of both physical and
mental factors.

When you touch something you implant your psychic imprint on it like a magnetic
recording on a tape. By holding the object and tuning in through your ESP you
can pick up these subtle vibrations. Be careful of inherited jewellery
especially if it contains gem stones and crystals, which pick up magnetic
imprints very easily.

Every building has its own energy. Having ill, mentally unstable or negative
people in a home can leave a residual energy in the building. As the physical
structure like furniture picks up vibrations, because of the emotion that has
accompanied events there. Eastern cultures wont pick up second hand objects
because they are afraid of attracting another persons karma.

Changes in hormones and strong emotions inside a child physical body creates an
outward charge that attracts the negative spirit. Animals are more attuned to
higher frequencies and are sensitive to presence of spirits.

A spiritual healer acts as a channel for universal WHITE light or god energy
from the spirit world to the patient. A healer is only a medium—or a bridge
between two worlds. If he closes down the channel he has no innate ability.
Healers generate electrical voltages >60 V during healing sessions --as measured
by electrometers.

Russian inventor Semyon Davidovich Kirlian,  experimented with the qualities and
meanings of Auras using photography and electrofield imaging.







The British doctor Walter J. Kilner, invented a series of goggles and filters
through which anyone can see Auras in detail.  EEG (electroencephalogram)
technology analyses and monitors mental activity entirely by electromagnetic
principles.  Science also has the  electrocardiogram (EKG), magnetic resonance
imaging (MRI), the electromyogram (EMG).

We exist in a sea of various EM waves that are continuously interacting and
interfering with each other. Living beings transmit EM waves with numerous
frequencies and strengths, and these interact with EM waves traveling throughout
our environments that have multiple frequencies and strengths.


The practical result is a “boundary layer” of interaction between the person and
the environment, in which waves are constructively and destructively interfering
to various degrees, until  RESONANCE is achieved, causing an amplification of
the vibrations  much the same way that constructive interference occurs with
waves.


The result can be that the increase in vibration reduces the object’s structural
stability – hence, the breaking of a glass when a soprano singer hits a high
enough note to match the fundamental frequency or a harmonic frequency of the
glass.

Psychic ability is the natural extension of intuition. Aura is a magnetic energy
and is a protective shield.`. All thoughts , emotions and feelings are contained
in the aura and sent out to the universe. All 7 chakras have their own
frequencies of resonant vibration. Clairsentient people are sensitive to energy.

All have psychic power- but it remains repressed. The ordinary man ignores his
intuition in favour of commonsense—and so in the course of time untuition stops
manifesting clearly. The psychic is a supersensitive soul. He can figure out the
nuances of intuition. For him intuition works at his beck and call in a clear
way.. he does not need to go into a trance or even meditate. He will answer all
your questions effortlessly. A true psychic's intuition can spot falsehood
immediately.  His intuition ecompasses space and time.

A healer may lay his hands on a patient, or hold his hands at a slight distance
from the body, within the aura. By doing this he can sense areas where energy is
needed and the nature of the illness. Next he directs energy to the patient. An
illness is often the result of an imbalance within other auras. Psychic healing
takes place on a mind spirit and body level. The energy is directed to restore
the balance at subtle levels.




Reiki originated in India and soon became a dead science . Dr Usui --the re-
inventor of Reiki channeled a number of symbols that allowed him to tap into the
universal life force. Reiki taps into universal energy to treat the whole
person—mind, body, emotions and spirit.


Reiki is not dependant on a individuals level of spiritual or psychic
development. It uses 6 specific hand positions on a persons body to undo blocks
thast cause pain or illness and allow the life force to flow freely once more.
Water treated by Reiki healers become more alkaline, due to decreased hydrogen
bonding between the molecules. A healer is just a conduit to realign another
persons structure.

A reiki practitioner, projects “white light” ( SCALAR ENERGY ) toward a person
with a “disharmonious” energy field. Depending on the experience of the healer
and the strength (intent) of the projection, the white light, which is comprised
of the theoretical highest frequency (and strength) will entrain the weaker EM
field of the patient, eventually inducing resonance to occur, which strengthens
the patient’s own EM field. The movement of blood through the circulatory system
is another way that EM fields are produced.  Each cell in our bodies is a
transmitting antenna. Our DNA is the master tuning fork of our body.

Newton's ideas of absolute space and time and Einstein's ideas of relative time
and space, are replaced by a truer picture by true psychics, for whom the
universe exists in a vast here --where HERE represents all points of space and
time at a single instant. In the quantum world of the zero point field,
subatomic particles exist in a state of all potential unless observed, when it
gets frozen down to a single state.

Psychic remote viewers can see information encoded in quantum fluctuation. On
the subatomic level MIND IS OVER MATTER.  We create time and space on the
surface of our retinas. Nothing in this universe exists as an actual thing
independently of our perception of it.

Biology is a quantum process for cell communications and higher brain functions
of consciousness. .DNA is a superconductor that stores light at body
temperature, and can create magnetic wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and
axional membranes are also hollow cylinders.

Next time if you get a chance , take permission , go into a surgery room, and at
a difficult moment of surgery clasp the patients hand and see for yourself the
calming effects on the visual BP monitor -- only then will you get convinced
that -- you are a healer too at your own sweet level.

My wife is a 4th degree Reiki Grandmaster ( one level above grandmaster ). There
are grateful people who keeps her photo in their puja room --having cured them
of cancer when all doctors gave up hope and gave them a few days to live. I
discourage her from getting too deep and involved in all this-- for she has her
own worldly life to live , as a mother with 2 young boys.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
MEDITATION -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



In my post about TEA -- I had mentioned how Bodhi Dharma cut off both his eye
lids after 9 years of meditation -- in a fit of self inflictment.

To understand why he may have done this  -- you need to understand the process
of GENUINE meditation.

The ancient Vedic  Indian psychology has a  fourfold scale, which represents the
degrees of the ladder of being by which man climbs back to the source, the
absolute divine.

The change, from “here” to “there,”  is not an uneventful process at all.

There come dry periods, deviations, violent alterations, and temptations. If
there are raptures and azure heavens, there are anaconda agonies and absolute
abandonments, howling hot deserts and “dark cold nights of the soul” to go
through.

Streaming tears of joy, horripilation (bristling of the hair), stigmata (bodily
marks or pains), and parapsychological phenomena have been known to develop.

The first stage of meditation  achieves detachment from sensual desires and
impure states of mind through analysis and reflection and thereby attains an
emotional state of satisfaction and joy.

In the second stage, intellectual activities are abated to a complete inner
serenity; the mind is in a state of “one-pointedness” or concentration, joy, and
pleasantness.

In the third stage, every emotion, including joy, has disappeared, leaving the
meditator indifferent to everything while remaining completely conscious.

The fourth stage is the abandoning of any sense of satisfaction, pain, or
serenity because any inclination to a good or bad state of mind has disappeared.
The meditator thus enters a state of supreme purity, indifference to everything,
and pure consciousness.


THE ANCIENT VEDIC RISHI IS THE GUY WHO CAN ENTER THE 4TH STATE AT HIS OWN SWEET
WILL BY TOUCHING TWO FINGERS ( MUDRA )--THE STATE OF SUPREME INNER SILENCE, VAST
EXPANSION , NIL EMOTIONS AND PROFOUND KNOWINGNESS-- AWAY FROM MAYA . He offered
certain molecules to his brain receptor sites--  more satisfying than LSD or
Soma. His DNA remembers all the things that has ever happened to human beings.


Maya is the illusion of boundaries--the creation of a mind that has lost its
cosmic perspective. People caught in the web Maya have lot of knowledge but
little wisdom. They can see everything, but will miss the most important .

There were no bounds to the magical powers that can be attained by great Hindu
ascetics and yogis teaching the suppression of all activity of mind, body, and
will in order that the self may realize its distinction from them and attain
liberation.

Prayer is NOT meditation. The former is a petition to  God, and the other is a
detached observation of one's own mind, and its processes.

In the modern world, meditation is used as a non-religious technique for
relaxation and stress reduction for long-term psychological improvements.
Meditation is done to purify the mind and gain insight.  It abstracts the self
from conscious thought, and frees the mind from feelings that cause stress and
suffering.   It fosters creative intelligence, raise consciousness, and enables
fuller use to be made of mental potential.

The spiritual aims are peace of mind, wisdom, and, ultimately, a state of
enlightenment or self- realization.  It is a  form of natural healing, and helps
people cope with  anxiety, depression, and drug dependence.

The attention is focused on monitoring the breath, and noting thoughts crossing
the mind, without any judgement or attempt at control, but as a silent and
detached witness.  If the mind throws up distractions, the meditator returns to
simply observing the breath each time the distraction happens.  A relaxed and
unhurried attitude is important, since slowing down and observing the mind to
see how it works is central to the philosophy behind meditation.

Using the mantra technique, the meditator concentrates on a mantra  to banish
intrusive thoughts and thus achieve progressively quieter levels of thinking
until thought itself is transcended. The subtle vitalizing frequencies of
mantras activate psychic energies and awaken our intuitive faculties.


Sonic frequencies interact with our cellular vibration levels and assist in
maintaining a healthy resonant frequency in our bodies. Mantras still the
activity of thought and helps you find a deeper level of consciousness. You will
believe in Mantras only if you see a video of the mind boggling perfect
geometric patterns,  sand will form on a tonoscope ( cymatics )

Meditation brings peace and allows us to raise our vibrational level.  Digestion
grounds us. Hence eat only after  the meditation session.  Eating engages the
body’s digestive system , thus returning the body’s vibrational level back to
normal.
 
During meditation thinking is separated from perceiving, so that the individual
can stand apart from the emotional self.  The reason why people remain mired in
negativity is because of the beliefs they have inherited over time. Beliefs are
subconscious.


We act in the way we do because we are not aware of our beliefs and the feelings
that these beliefs generate. That is why it is important to obeserve yourself
and look within. We can do it. That is why we are different from animals.

We can use our  conscious mind to observe ,to introspect and dip into the
subconscious where our beliefs are embedded , in order to eliminate it.  You can
meditate to rewrite these negative programmes  that cause you misery.

To be a mystic or a seer is not the same thing as being a spectator on the
fence.  Mysticism provides an escape from a life of uninspired existence. It
magnifies man and gives him a hope and destiny to fulfill.

In the modern era the road to holiness necessarily passes through the world of
action.


A Mystic who is not of supreme service to the Society -- AINT NO MYSTIC AT ALL.
********************************************************************************
POWERS OF BLACK ONYX STONE-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





Two days ago a Kashmiri antique dealer enticed me to his shop in a mall in
Chennai.


While displaying his wares like handmade shawls costing over 1 lakh rupees, I
noticed a Black Onxy gem stone pendant 3 inches long and 2 inches wide.


He said the stone was found in Ladhak.  I immediately bought it at an
exhorbitant price,  getting my son pissed off, at my naive foolishness.


So what did i buy?


Black onyx is the most powerful protection stone, worn by Buddhist monks in the
Himalayas.  It is extremely shiny and has a hardness of 7 on the Moh’s scale.


Black colour is the best absorber and radiator.  All south Indian temples have
back idols which absorbs and radiates energy. ( North Indian temples have white
statues )


Black Onyx atone absorbs all but 3% of the radiation that strikes its surface,
regardless of its wavelength and reflects no light.


Hung on the solar plexus , it helps one to absorb from the universe only those
energies which are needed . It can absorb and transform negative energy. Hence
it can  relieve stress and give you emotional stability. It is almost like a
Shiva linga in powers.


It can also radiate away and  release your ego and all that is not in harmony
within you. It helps you to sleep better. Black Onyx is can centre and align
your total person to the higher powers. It can thus enhance self control and
encourage happiness . Onyx is a protective stone worn when facing adversaries in
battles or conflicts of all kinds. It can also be used as a defense against
negativity consciously directed against you.  It eliminates negative thinking
and can keep your emotions and passions under control.  Black Onyx can assist
you to discard vices and change habits.

Black Onyx is good for opening the root chakra and is the stone for grounding.
It increases concentration and  relieves tension.

On the physical level it boosts cellular regeneration.

This solid - feeling stone is in short brings you good fortune. It can store and
modulate enormous amounts of energy. Note:  Black Onyx has NIL streaks or spots
or other colours like Black Agate, though both are Silicon Di Oxides. . Black
Onyx will NOT allow light to pass through like Black Saphire, which is Aluminium
Oxide.. below are 3 famous black stones of 9000 year old PAGAN temples--
********************************************************************************
THE ALPHA STATE AND EARTHS HEARTBEAT OF 7.83 HERTZ -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



VEDIC OM 7.83 HZ — RE-DISCOVERED BY NIKOLA TESLA  / RE-INVENTED BY SCHUMANN.



Since life began, the Earth has been surrounding and protecting all living
things with a natural frequency pulsation of 7.83 HZ—the ancient Indian Rishis
called OM.


OM mantra was uttered by the vedic sages who stayed on the banks of the river
Saraswati in 9000 BC. Vedic civilization of Saraswati flourished till 4000 BC,
till the river became non-perennial due to tectonic shifts blocking the
Himalayan Glacier mouth. The elite then migrated all over including Western
coast of India, Mesopotamia, Europe and Russia.

Mankind depends on two subtle environmental signals, the Yin from below and the
Yang from above. The Schumann wave surrounding our planet being YANG and the
weaker geomagnetic waves coming from below, from within the planet, being the
YIN signal.



The fundamental mode of Schumann's resonance is a standing wave in the
ionospheric cavity with a wavelength of the circumference of the earth.



In deep meditation, when waves of alpha and theta rhythms cascade across the
entire brain, a resonance is possible between the human being and the planet.
Energy and information which are embedded in the zero point field or aether
field are transferred. The planet communicates with us in this primal language
of frequencies. A living being is a  EMF field embedded within the EMF field of
the earth. Each cell's DNA as a vibrating transmitter/receiver of information.



Alpha brain Frequency of 7.83 HZ on the EEG,  is also known popularly as
Schumann’s Resonance . These frequencies start at 7.8 Hz and progress by
approximately 5.9 Hz. (7.8, 13.7, 19.6, 25.5, 31.4, 37.3, and 43.2 Hz.).




Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83,  13.7, 19.6, 25.5, 31.4, 37.3 and 43.2 Hertz of
earth. We all know 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83Hz Gam - 13.7Hz Hleem - 19.6Hz Hreem - 25.5Hz Kleem - 31.4Hz Krowm -
37.3Hz Sreem - 43.2Hz


The Schumann Resonances are the result of cosmic energy build-up within the
cavity that exists between Earth's highly conductive surface and the conducting
layer in the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere. the space between the
surface of the earth and the conductive ionosphere acts as a waveguide. The
cavity is naturally excited by energy from lightning strikes. This ionospheric
charge creates an electrical shield around the Earth.. The atmosphere is a
dielectric insulator, which separates the two. Thus a spherical capacitor as
well as a spherical resonator is created and maintained. Electrical signals of
sufficient wavelength (low frequency) are wave-guided around and around between
this "sphere within a sphere" and is the base Schumann Resonance of 7.8Hz mainly
traveling from West to East.

7.83 HZ or the ALPHA frequency  is the gateway that leads into deeper states of
consciousness. Most people are in an alpha state during the short time
immediately before they fall asleep and when the conscious nervous system
switches over to the subconscious.



Simply by closing your eyes, your brain starts to generate  alpha brain waves.
As more and more neurons are requited to this frequency, alpha waves cycle
globally across the whole cortex. This induces of deep relaxation, but not quite
meditation .

7 to 12 HZ range is frequency range for relaxed consciousness  , psychic
Stimulation , mind body integration , inner awareness , visualization and  whole
brain thinking. The alpha wave state is a sign of deep relaxation while awake.

Taking a break and meditation are two activities that  produce alpha waves You
experience a liberating sense of peace and well-being. The "alpha state" is
where meditation starts and you begin to access the wealth of creativity that
lies just below our conscious awareness

Alpha is also the home of the window frequency known as the Schumann Resonance,
which is the resonant frequency of the earth's electromagnetic field.

When we intentionally generate alpha waves and go into resonance with that
earthy frequency, we naturally feel better, refreshed, in tune, in synch. It is,
in fact, environmental synchronization.



The frequency of the living Earth, the “Schumann Resonance” of 7.83 HZ is the
lowest common denominator of psychic activity repeatedly observed by EEG and EKG
observations. Schumann Resonance waves propagate with little attenuation around
the planet..  For thousands of years the Schumann Resonance or pulse (heartbeat)
of Earth has been 7.83 cycles per second, recently due to military ELF waves
from HAARP , GWEN and Woodpecker,  this resonance has been slowly rising.



Schumann resonances are global electromagnetic resonances, excited by lightning
discharges in the cavity formed by the Earth's surface and the ionosphere. This
global electromagnetic resonance phenomenon is named after physicist  Winfried
Otto Schumann who predicted it mathematically in 1952.




Tesla transmitted scalar waves mainly through the Earth, and Hertz waves between
ground and the Heaviside layer, and found the resonant frequency of Earth of
7.83 HZ. This is  the Schumann resonance—LIFTED FROM TESLA TECHNOLOGY— OR
REINVENTED MATHEMATICALLY several years later.



Tesla had also discovered the exact frequency at which the earth normally
pulsates. These natural waves are created as a result of electrical activity in
the atmosphere. These are quasi-standing [LONGITUDINAL SCALAR] ELF waves that
naturally exist in the earth's electromagnetic cavity, the space between the
ground and the Ionosphere.

The one sided use of Schumann (YANG) wave simulation without the geomagnetic
(YIN) signal caused serious health problems. An underground bunker which
completely screened out magnetic fields. suffered emotional distress and
migraine headaches. After only a brief exposure to 7.8 Hz (the very frequency
which had been screened out), the volunteers health stabilized again.

The same complaints were reported by the first astronauts and cosmonauts, who,
out in space, also were no longer exposed to the Schumann waves. Now modern
spacecrafts are said to contain a device which simulates the Schumann waves. by
producing a 7.83 Hz pulse with a field generator (Schumann device), we can
counter the effects of the irritating man-made fields. By replicating the
Earth's natural rhythm, we may be providing ourselves (at least in our immediate
vicinity) with a more healthy environment.



The electrons that are sent by the sun meet up with the negatively charged
ionosphere and are repelled or slowed down and accumulated. The Earth's
atmosphere is an insulator to electrons and they do not have enough inertial
energy to penetrate it. The ionosphere is highly negatively charged (electrons)
and conductive. The charge keeps increasing until the atmosphere beaks down and
the electrons find their way to the Earth in the form of lightning.  Ionosphere
surrounding our planet is electrically positive charged whilst the earth's
surface carries a negative charge



In physics two concentric electrically charged balls, one placed inside the
other, are called ball condensers, or capacitors. Lightning discharges produce
electromagnetic waves.

Every second 200 lightening strikes occur somewhere on earth in order to keep re
establishing electrical balance between the earth and the ionosphere. These
lightening strikes energize the 'flute' and vibrate the resonating cavity. The
'flute' vibrates waves that bounce off the ionosphere and then off the earth,
back and forth. The resulting 'song' incorporates information from the
ionosphere which reflects the universe and information about everything that
occurs on earth. Usually this 'music' is described in terms of its beat or
frequency. The beat frequency is called the Schumann Resonance.

The electromagnetic waves ripple longitudinally from one end to another, and
when they reflect back, interfere with the incident waves rolling forward,
forming  Terrestrial Stationary waves. These waves have gently undulated for
thousands of years  at frequencies that the Earth likes and rejoices in.
 

Enter the villain--

HAARP is slicing up the ionosphere, the world-brain, like a microwave knife,
producing long tear incisions destroying the membrane which holds the reservoir
of data accumulated by all earth's history . HAARP, (High-Frequency Active
Auroral Research Programme )  ELF waves vibrate at the same frequency as the
human brain.

By causing many towers [HAARP, GWEN, etc.] to pulse with the exact ELF frequency
of the normal earth pulsation, scientists have learned how to not only create,
but also how to maneuver and direct storms. Tesla’s discovery can duplicate
almost every single phenomena of nature, from cyclones to tornado.

With the  earth's "pulse" rate  rising, and  her magnetic field strength,
declining., the field has lost most of its  intensity . This could cause a
magnetic pole reversal soon.



The Ionosphere is being manipulated by US government military scientists using
the Alaskan transmitter called HAARP, (High-Frequency Active Auroral Research
Program) which sends focused radiated power to heat up sections of the
Ionosphere, which bounces power down again. ELF waves produced from HAARP, when
targeted on selected areas, can weather-engineer and create mood changes
affecting millions of people. Russians have their own programme. Japanese too
have this mind altering psychotronic Tesla technology ( bought with tonnes of
gold by the Japanese mafia Yakuza from Russia.)

Now something about Mobile phone antenna radiation which affects the Schumanns
Resonance.  When resonance is established between the mobile phone antennas and
your nervous system Energy is transferred from the spinning electrons (charged
particles) from the antennas into the spinning ions (electrolytes) in a person's
nervous system.




Cancer, hypertension, cardio, neurological, leukaemia, Alzheimer’s, reproductive
and other diseases may be triggered and/or aggravated by disruptions in the
Schumann Resonance that push it either too high above or too far below the
master 7.83Hz frequency. Spinning ions, such as calcium, potassium, sodium and
lithium, which normally govern cell metabolism, are kicked out of the cell into
the bloodstream where they are deposited in the joints or eliminated. Calcium,
potassium and lithium are ions that in addition to cell metabolism govern
calmness, mental clarity and mood stabilization.

Some specific examples are: accumulation of calcium in the joints has been
related to arthritis, lack of potassium is related to Alzheimer’s and the lack
of lithium is related to chronic depression and mood swings. Electro pollution
from modern technology can cause us to feel more stressed, fatigued and "out of
balance."


In the quantum view we are essentially electrical beings existing in a state of
resonance with the electromagnetic field of the earth.

10 Hz puts people into a hypnotic state. US, Russians, Japanese and North
Koreans etc use this in portable mind-control machines to extract confessions.

Even some catholic CHURCHES  use sound waves of their huge binaural organs  to
create a sense of melancholy and to SINK IN THEIR HOOKS and help the
congregation believe!  (  6.6 Hz causes depression).



10.80 Hz have been used by Russians to cause  riotous behavior in sports
stadiums .


The Russians, having a head start on decoding the brain , can send subliminal
messages by satellite over whole countries in their own languages, in scalar
waves so subtle that the victims think they are their own thoughts occurring.
They could make people think "God" is speaking to them and can also give a
people suicidal thoughts.



There is a suicide wavelength. Only certain people can pick this up according to
whether they have implants (which relay messages into the head) or if they are
natural telepathics.
********************************************************************************
MDI -- DIPHENYLMETHANE DIISOCYANATE -- BHOPAL KILLER GAS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


I have carried this chemical in huge quantities on Chemical tanker ships.


UNION CARBIDE CORPORATION KILLED 25000 PEOPLE IN BHOPAL WITH MDI--- and maimed
three hundred thousand human beings.

After 26 years , dead souls got a pittance of 500 USD as compensation -- This is
American "Agent Orange Justice" for you.  ( The Indian IPL cricket league is
worth  4 billion USD )





Imagine if the 25000 dead were white skinned , instead of brown.


Imagine the outcry and candle light vigils -- if the 3 00 000 maimed were
seagulls or dolphins or right whales.

What a disgrace!



Read on to know more about the killer gas.



TDI/ MDI / PAPI

TDI /MDI/ PAPI  are extremely poisonous as the name Cyanate suggests ---so take
no chances,wear the correct safety equipment and do not try to rush the
operation of this cargo at any stage. And if you don’t clean the tank properly
it will leave a plastic layer tough to remove .


TDI ( TOLUENE DI ISOCYANATE)

REACTS VIOLENTLY WITH WATER GIVING OUT HEAT AND CO2, HENCE KEEP ADJACENT SBT
EMPTY .

Used for making flexible Polyurethane foams, Polyurethane coatings etc Clear
colourless to yellow liquid, darkens on exposure to sunlight Sharp pungent sweet
fruity odour Carcinogen CHRIS/ TDI UN nuber/ 2078 FOSFA banned Stainless steel
stow Flash point/ 132C AIT/ 146C Specific gravity liquid/1.21 @ 20C Vapor
density (air=1.0)/  6.0 Vapor pressure @ 25 C/  0.025 mmHg IMO pollution
category/ Y USCG compatability/ Group 12 AH/ 50C DH/ 35C VH/ 30C BP/ 251C Visc
at 20C/ 3 mPas MP/ 19.5C TLV/ 0.005 PPM OSHA Odour threshold/ 0.4 ppm
Combustible High surface tension Highly toxic Heat with thermal oil or adjacent
heat Must have Cyanide kit on board Soluble   in organic solvents Insoluble in
water Sinks in water Gives NO2 gas when it burns Reacts violently with acids,
alcohols , bases , water, strong oxidisers and amines. Carcinogen. Risk of
sensititation Not detected by odour unless the conc reaches 10 to 20 times the
exposure standard. By skin absorption liquid is extremely harmful. Dermatitis
occurs. Exposure to low concentration can cause severe respiratory problems.
Vapour inhalation of low concentration can cause ASTHMA-like symptoms, sudden
acute broncho spasm and Pulmonary Odema. Headache, Neurosis with depression and
unconsciousness. Reacts with moisture In air even at levels as low as 100 ppm,
rapidly evolving unstable carbonic acid gases at sufficient rate to rupture
cargo tank bulkheads. Insoluble polymeric Urea is formed. Prolonged heating
above 45 C may cause polymerisation. Full protective clothing and self contained
breathing apparatus when handling hoses,valves,connections.lank cleaning
machines etc. Fire protection/ Alcohol resistant foram, regular foam, water
spary ( not into closes tank ), dry chemical

Although TDI is a hazardous material, the hazard may be minimized if appropriate
precautions are observed Typically, there are four routes of potential exposure:
inhalation, skin contact, eye contact and ingestion.

Inhalation of TDI vapors may cause irritation of the mucous membranes of the
nose, throat or trachea, breathlessness, chest discomfort, difficult breathing
and reduced pulmonary function. It is important to avoid exposure above the TLV
to minimize the possibility of respiratory sensitization.

Tests have shown that the least detectable odor level of TDI is approximately
0.2-0.4ppm. This odor threshold is significantly higher than the OSHA
Permissible Exposure Limit (PEL) of 0.02 ceiling. If an individual can smell
TDI, overexposure has most likely occurred. Airborne overexposure, well above
the PEL, may result additionally in eye irritation, headache, chemical
bronchitis, asthma-like findings, or pulmonary edema. TDI has also been reported
to cause hypersensitivity pneumonitis, which is characterized by flu-like
symptoms, the onset of which may be delayed.

Control of TDI exposure to the recommended guidelines (0.005 ppm as Time-
Weighted Average, 0.020 ppm as Short Term Exposure Limit) is believed to protect
against sensitization. However, if an individual has become sensitized to TDI,
an asthma-like response may then result from very low exposures to TDI. In the
event of skin contact, wash thoroughly with soap and flowing water for at least
fifteen minutes (A recent study has indicated that corn oil or polyglycol-based
cleaners may remove MDI more effectively than soap and water, and this may also
apply to TDI.(5) Cleaning soon after contamination was also important.).

Promptly remove all contaminated clothing (including shoes) while washing. If
the skin is burned or irritated, seek medical attention. Decontaminate clothing
prior to re-use by soaking the garments in an 8 percent ammonia solution for one
hour prior to laundering with hot water and detergent. Destroy all contaminated
leather items including shoes, belts, and watchbands.

The  easiest and most convenient way to handle spilt TDI is to react it with
polyol to produce a low-quality foam, which then can be sold or used as a
manufactured product. (CAUTION: The TDI/polyol reaction is exothermic, which may
cause spontaneous combustion.)

Empty TDI drums can be decontaminated by filling them with water or a
decontamination solution (5-10% sodium carbonate) and allowing them to stand
unsealed for at least 48 hours. WARNING: Under no circumstances should empty
drums be burned or cut open with a gas or electric torch, as toxic decomposition
products may be liberated.

The use of suitable respiratory equipment is required whenever there is a
potential for exposure to airborne TDI levels in excess of permissible exposure
limits (PEL 0.02ppm-ceiling, TLV 0.005ppm - 8hour TWA).

RESISTANCE; ALWAYS CONSULT CARCO HOSE RESISTANCE LIST.

Following hose material is resistant to TDI

Butyl rubber Polyethylene Viton rubber Teflon ( Hostaflon )

Chemicals Needed for Cleaning/Personal Protection

Low moisture content Chlorinated Solvent MEC (Methylene Chloride ) MARPOL   (  Y
) , or Trichloroethylene ( Y) or,  Perchloroethylene (  Y ) approx 8-10 M3 per
tank,  charterer will supply. If using Methylene chloride ( Dichloro methane )
you will need 15 cum as its evaporation rate is more. Its BP is 40C and SG is
1.34. Some coatings like Phenoline and Devchem 253 are not resistant to MEC.

Sufficient TOLUENE for TDI line filling, say 200 Ltrs for each hose length x 2
(loading and discharging)

Cyanide kit: 12 pearls Amyl nitrite. 2 ampoules Sodium Nnitrite 10CC 3%
solution. 2 ampoules Sodium Thiosulphate 50CC 25% solution. Crush Amyl Nitrite
capsules 5 times at 15 second intervals and hold under nose of a gassed victim.

200 Ltrs Aqua Ammonia 200 Ltrs IPA 30% (Iso propyl alcohol)—to use as solvent if
TDI falls on skin. Two litres of 1% Tincture of Green Soap In case of spill
first neutralize it with 50% Ethyl Alcohol, 40% water and 10% conc Ammonia.   If
spill is small mix with sand or Sodium Bicarbonate. Pack it in a cardboard box
and burn it in an open pit using paper as fuel.

EXTRA EQUIPMENT NEEDED:

Sufficient extra hoses (not ships normal hoses) and/or SS pipe  enable reach
manifold area from pumpstack.

Two SS Spool pieces each with one inch drain valve fitted. ,

Two SS portable valves for the pumpstack.

Prior to Loading:

TDI, Clean tank to water white plus standard

Pressure test heating coils for leaks, then air blow water condensate from
coils, followed by nitrogen blowing to ensure moisture free.  Blank off both
inlets and returns. The cargo is water reactive and hence ensure NO water comes
in contact.

Check/test function of PV Valve

Air blow PV vent line to ensure no water trapped in Line (especially if slight
list or trim).

Mop dry cargo pump deepwell.

Pressure test cargo pump cofferdam. Purge out cofferdam with nitrogen and fill
completely with DOP ( Dioctyl Phthalate which has a VD of 13.5).

Fit pressure gauge to vent line so tank pressure can be monitored during
loading, voyage and discharge.

Prepare/connect vapour return system.  Calculate Pressure Drop.

Prepare 200 ltrs of neutraliser in case of spills: 80 ltrs freshwater, 100 ltrs
IPA Iso propyl alcohol , 20 ltrs Aqua Ammonia.

Prepare a solution of 99% IPA and 1% Tincture of Green Soap for personal
protection.

Loading  TDI or MDI

Cargo tank will be purged with Nitrogen to minus 40 deg C dew point or 0.25% by
shore and pressure may be as high as 10 bars, therefore leave tank cleaning
hatch and ullage hatch open as well as PV valve to ensure whole system is purged
and tank does not have structural damage due to over pressurization.

When nitrogen purging is complete and shut down, secure the tank and put PV
valve in normal operating position.

Ensure safety shower in operation.

Draeger tubes must be ready for use around the cargo area. Tape off and cordon
the loading area.

When shore ready to start.  Open valves at shore connection and pumpstack.

For TDI you cannot do open ullaging or sampling.

         On Completion Loading

Shore will blow line with nitrogen to tank. Close all valves and disconnect
shore hose and vapour return. Samples must be taken with closed sampling device.
Fill ships hoses with Toluene using Graco pump. Leave the Toluene inside for 3
days. Wash hoses with warm water 50-60 C and steamed out and drained.

Voyage

Heat as per charterers instructions by Adjacent Heated Cargo ONLY, unless ship
has thermal oil heating,( TDI Normally 35 C ). Do not allow the temp to go below
21C or >45C Do NOT have any cold ballast in the double skin. Maintain nitrogen
blanket at positive pressure, minimum 50 mb.

Discharging

Use vapor return hose . DO NOT DISCHARGE without vapour return hose. Inert with
N2 while discharging.

Cargo hoses to be blown with shore nitrogen at end of dischg. Fill Chlorinated
solvent via manifold from storage cargo tank.

Pre-Cleaning

Chlorinated solvent 8-10 M3 of moisture spec <400ppm should already have been
loaded into clean extra-dry tank and heated to 30-35 C for TDI ). The
chlorinated solvent has to be heated to >MP of the Isocyanate, but

Prepare 2 SS tank cleaning machines and TDI resistant cleaning hoses.

Release ullage hatch but do not lift open, open PV valve. (in case of rapid
pressure increase when solvent added.)

Transfer this solvent to cargo tank via manifold and through cargo hoses with
pumpstack valve closed initially to ensure line is totally filled, then opened
fully until all solvent transferred into tank.

Disconnect cargo hose from pump stack and connect blind flange with Y for tank
cleaning hose to fit.

Place machines in tank and cover opening to stop any liquid splashing out.

Commence circulation full strength for minimum two hours. Shore to supply
Nitrogen continuously during circulation. At this time reconnect shore line (or
shore slop line) to ships line ready for use.

After circulation, disconnect blind with Y and reconnect ships hose to
pumpstack, and pump out to shore the Solvent TDI slop. After stripping blow line
again with nitrogen, Stop shore nitrogen to tank and batten down tank until at
sea.

When shore hose finally disconnected, fill ships hose/line again with
chlorinated solvent as previously done.

NOTE: IF SHORE IS UNABLE TO ACCEPT THESE CATEGORY  Y  SLOPS AND THESE ARE BEING
TAKEN TO ANOTHER PORT FOR DISPOSAL, REMOVE TANK CLEANING MACHINES AND BATTEN
DOWN TANK TO AVOID MOISTURE ENTERING.

SLOP SHOULD NOT BE CARRIED FOR LONG PERIODS AS POLYMERISATION CAN OCCUR.

Cleaning at Sea

After the solvent wash—wash the tank with water and detergent as if the solvent
was the last cargo. .Make the entries in the Cargo record book.

Blow out cargo hoses, rig tank cleaning machines.

Blow out DOP from pump cofferdam (overboard) and flush with MEC then blow dry
with nitrogen.
          
If some Methylene chloride is left in the sump put some Methanol into the tank
and keep heating coils crack open.

First give a cycle cold sea water wash, but above the MP of TDI which is 19.5
deg C.

Then Hot wash tank for 2 hours with sea water. Give FW rinse . Steam tank for 2
hours, then mechanically ventilate for 3 hours.

Test tank with Draeger tube before entering to inspect. TDI is a bad previous
cargo for PTT and UV test.

There may be some tough brownish film residue or URETHANE layer ( moisture
effect ) which is difficult to remove. Scour with 3m Scotch brite abrasive pads.
You may find polymerised bubbles with liquid cargo underneath and will need to
neutralise.

TDI and MDI are extremely poisonous so take no chances, wear the correct safety
equipment and do not try to rush the operation of this cargo at any stage.

If Gasoil is used for cleaning ( for TDO only ) , make sure the moisture is <400
ppm at 10 Cum per tank.. Recirc Gasoil for 2 hrs. Toluene can be used for line
cleaning.  4 parts of Gasoil are required to dissolve 1 part of TDI.

Loading Arrangement

MANY LENGTHS OF CARGO HOSES WITH PORTABLE VALVE TO BE RIGGED FROM PUMPSTACK HOLE
TO SHORE MANIFOLD . DO NOT LOAD THROUGH FIXED SHIPS CARGO LINES . OTHERWISE
POLYMERISATION / PLASTIC IN LINES WILL OCCUR.
 

Additional equipment required:

2 x portable valves 1 x blind pumpstack valve 2 x SS spool piece with drain
valve 1 inch for blowing line and filling hoses with chlorinated solvent after
load. SUFFICIENT NUMBERS HOSES TO REACH CLOSE TO MANIFOLD AREA.




MDI (DIPHENYLMETHANE DIISOCYANATE)

Characteristics  MDI

Used for making rigid foam. CHRIS/ DPM Dark coloured liquid with faint tarry
odour. MP (pure)/ 37.2 deg C Specific gravity (liquid)/ 1.197 @ 70 deg C, BP/
196C Coefficient of expansion/0.00098 per degree C Vapor density (air= 1.0)/8.5
Vapor pressure @ 46 C/very low---0.00009 mm HG @25C IMO pollution category/ Y
USCG Compatability/Group 12 UN number/2489 AH/ 60C DH/ 45 VH/ 39C TLV/ 0.05 ppm
FP/ 218C MDI is not water soluble. Sinks in water Viscosity 12 mPas at 40C FOSFA
banned

Incompatible with strong oxidizing agents.

Reacts violently with acids, alcohols and strong acids.

If inhibited by Ammonia do not stow in zinc tank ( pH >9 ).

Solubility, - soluble in Acetone and Kerosene

Flammable at high temperatures. Fire will cause polymerization and dangerously
high pressures.

Reacts slowly with water producing C02,(Carbon dioxide),

Vapor is strong irritant to eyes and throat causing eye and lung injury, even
low concentrations cannot be tolerated. On heating MDI gives toxic vapors of
Carbon Monoxide, oxides of Nitrogen and Hydro Cyanide gas with very high VP.

REACTIVITY: MDI is unstable in traces of moisture, slowly forming C02 gas
(carbon dioxide)

SAFETY: Full protective clothing and self contained breathing apparatus when
handling hoses,valves,connections,tank cleaning machines.

Heat as per charterers instructions by Adjacent Heated Cargo ONLY, unless ship
has thermal oil heating,

Fill ships hoses with chlorinated solvent like Perchloroethylene or Methylene
chloride for MDI, say 200 Ltrs for each hose length x 2  (loading and
discharging)

At normal unloading and storage temperatures, MDI has a relatively low vapor
pressure. With adequate ventilation, airborne MDI vapor concentrations are
unlikely to reach or exceed exposure guidelines.

Nevertheless, at elevated temperature, or if MDI is aerosolized by compressed
airblow , health problems will result.

Inhalation of MDI may cause irritation of the mucous membranes of the nose,
throat or trachea, breathlessness, chest discomfort, difficult breathing and
reduced pulmonary function. It is important to avoid exposure above the TLV to
minimize the possibility of respiratory sensitization.

Overexposure well above the PEL may result in eye irritation, headache, chemical
bronchitis, asthma- like symptoms or pulmonary edema. Diisocyanates have also
been reported to cause hypersensitivity pneumonitis, which is characterized by
flu-like symptoms, the onset of which may be delayed. Skin contact may result in
an irritant or allergic contact dermatitis and may play a role in respiratory
sensitization.

Skin staining or discoloration may occur. Long term contact may cause redness,
swelling and blistering. Control of MDI exposure to the recommended guidelines
(0.005 ppm as Time Weighted Average, 0.020 ppm as Ceiling) is believed to
protect against sensitization. However, if an individual has become sensitized
to MDI, an asthma-like response may then result from very low exposures. The
ACGIH TLV for MDI is 0.005 ppm (0.05 mg/m3) as an 8-hour Time Weighted Average
(TWA). OSHA requires that exposures be controlled to below a PEL of 0.02 ppm
(0.2 mg/m3) as a ceiling, to prevent lung tumours.

In the event of skin contact, wash thoroughly with soap and flowing water ( corn
oil or polyglycol- based cleaners may remove MDI more effectively than soap and
water. Decontaminate clothing prior to re-use by soaking the garments in an 8
percent ammonia solution for one hour prior to laundering with hot water and
detergent.

When transferring MDI, personal protective equipment should be worn by crew
engaged in cargo work, tankcleaning This may, depending upon conditions, consist
of: • Chemical goggles; • Face shield; • Chemical gloves, resistant to MDI •
Long-sleeve coveralls or full body suit, resistant to MDI • Fitted boots made of
material  resistant to MDI, and; • Head protection, such as a close fitting
hood, made of a material resistant to MDI.


PAPI ( POLYETHYLENE POLYPHENYL ISOCYANATE )

UN number/ 2206(i) 2207 MARPOL category / Y Maintain temperature between 24C and
40C. Do not allow the temperature to go below 18C r> 32C CAS / 9016-87-9 0.1-0.5
OSHA-PEL /  TWA- Ceil- 0.020 ACGIH-TLV /  TWA- 0.005 ppm STEL

********************************************************************************
RAY ALLEN AND OCD -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Ray Allen hit a record 8 three pointers in the 2nd NBA finals for Boston Celtics
against Los Angeles lakers, yesterday.

He is the most accurate 2 pointer  shooter of NBA too.

He suffers from Obsessive Compulsive Disorder.

When you suffer from  psycho neurotic disorder (OCD) you develop anxiety ,
become nervous and develop strange repetitive habits.

Michael Jackson did more than 30 plastic surgeries.

To be a excellent shooter in basketball you have to be IN THE ZONE.

It is about the mysterious K force which makes you left and right brain lobe
work in harmony-- when action and awareness is in perfect sync--  and body and
mind works in unison..

It is possible that in the next match Ray Allen is NOT in the zone -- - and
hence misses all his shots.

A list of super achievers who had OCD ( a penalty you have to pay for the divine
assistance ) are below--

Beethoven Einstein Nikola Tesla Michael Angelo Charles Dickens Darwin.
********************************************************************************
SCALAR TANGO IN ZERO POINT FIELD -- THE COSMIC DANCE OF SHIVA-- CAPT AJIT
VADAKAYIL








THE COSMIC DANCE OF SHIVA --  SCALAR TANGO IN ZPF

Society honours its live “matrix trapped conformists”  and dead “ freethinking
troublemakers ”.




All those who thought the great levitated cosmic dance of Lord Shiva mentioned
in our ancient texts, was mere Hindu religious gibberish in Sanskrit hymns –
read on.










All energy is a spiral , rather a vortex--there is nothibg called a wave , you
see in physics books.


Our blood contains the electrogenetic coil in the shape of DNA,-- the sacred
spiral.

The mysterious Spiral is a uniting symbol for all the subjects ,cosmology,
quantum physics, psychology, philosophy, ancient civilisations, megalithic
cultures and all occult belief systems.

In real nature, in the proverbial real “real world”, there is no such thing as a
circle.   This is the naked truth. Nature is in constant evolution—It can never
ever be a circle,--rather it is a SPIRAL which swings on and on, upwards, higher
and higher still, ever changing, where not a single thing remains the same from
one loop to the next, forever and ad infinitum.




Even magnetism is a spiral.

Our  enchanted world is in full forward flow. It must. It was never designed to
stand still and sink into chaos and atrophy.

Empty space is not empty at all!

The vacuum is actually a plenum. It contains an abundant amount of energy, the
zero point energy.


There is a cosmic dance of energy back and forth between the physical realm and
the zero point field, a constant creation and destruction of matter from the
void.



The continuous flow of energy in and out of the material world is THE COSMIC
DANCE OF SHIVA.  This is different from the tamas-rajas or yin-yang.

All below has been seen and understood  by the ancient Indian Vedic seers by
resonating their king sized transceiver pineal glands-- thousands of years ago.


The Vedic civilization is the oldest in the world. It flourished on the banks of
the river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC. The river dried up due to a block
on the glacial mouth at the Himalayas due to a tectonic plate shift. The sages
has 12 strand DNA and king sized resonating pineals glands.


By the way, ever since a grander, bigger and older Stonehenge ( by 2 millenniums
) was unearthed at Arkaim , Cheliabinsk , Russia and Putin went there to check
out the SWASTIKA symbol on pottery, the whole world has started claiming this
symbol for themselves. Even the Greek claimed it on their helmets . I must put
it on record here the great Aryan Emperor Vikramaditya ruled from Jerusalem to
Urals to Vietnam in 7000 BC, and Swastika was his royal seal. Swastika is always
found on the palm of Shiva's son Ganesha or Ganapathi.





Ganesha sitting on a inset of Swastika has been unearthed at Harappa/
Mohenjodaro pottery too of the Indus valley. Hitler stole the Swastika symbol,
after Vatican and Rothschild ( opium drug cartel kingpin and owner of British
East India company  ) spread the false Vatican sponsored rumour that blonde
Boris Becker type Aryans invaded into India. IT was never the case, Aryan went
OUT of India in 4000 BC to the west Sumeria and Mesopotamia.  Dryuhus ( Druids )
of Harry Potter series went up North. DNA tests clearly bear out the fact that
even the Dravidians of south India ( like me ) have the same DNA as the North
Indians.




Getting back--


Our DNA which can be  be influenced by scalar waves and acoustics ( mantras )
can send and receive powerful data through a universal network of ether  The
primary function of our DNA is not protein synthesis, as biologists will tell
you , but the reception and transfer of electromagnetic energy.



The entirety of thermodynamics is represented by the narrow infrared portion of
the electromagnetic spectrum, which is insignificant in a context of 0 Hz to
infinite Hz.  We have much to learn, especially where thermodynamics and
electromagnetism meet.



We can tap into the Zero Point Energy field.  Positrons emanate from "the
quantum vacuum"  and get annihilated. These are energy oscillations at zero
degrees Kelvin, where all activity in an atom ceases.



It is called vacuum energy because it is descriptive of the energy in a perfect
vacuum, where no light or matter is present. In this state, random
electromagnetic oscillations can still be observed, meaning that there is still
some energy present.  Such RESIDUAL energy is enormous and a cup of it could
boil off the planet’s oceans in a few seconds.

For a diatomic (two atoms) molecule, for example, the zero-point energy per
mole, E0, can be given by the equation:

E0 = y N h c f where N is the Avogadro constant number of 6.0221367 × 1023  , h
is Planck’s constant of 6.626 × 10-34 joule-seconds, c is the velocity of light
in vacuum of 299,792,458 m/sec , and f is the frequency of vibration depending
on the mass of the molecule, (which is different  for different isotopes of the
same element.).










  
This is the zero point effect resulting from a very complex scalar-wave
interaction between electromagnetic  fields and matter.






A scalar wave is far different from a regular wave in that a scalar wave goes in
all directions into the surroundings. A vector quantity has magnitude and
direction while a scalar quantity has only magnitude



Newton’s famous law of inertia of classical physics states that inertia is the
product of mass and acceleration, F= m * a.  He got it wrong.  Inertia is simply
the resistance, the drag that objects experience when accelerated in the zero
point field.

The energy in between the atoms is referred to as the vacuum or the ether
(akasha ) and is chaotic, unpatterned, zero-point energy. The quantity of the
energy is limitless. Tapping the zero-point energy means making one or more
energy patterns reverberate, which will cause extra energy to follow suit, just
like acoustic amplification in a wind instrument or Bose wave-radio.




That is how "free-energy", "over-unity machines", "zero-point energy", or "fuel-
less generators" really work.  No colleges teach this and no experts can imagine
this— super genius Nikola Tesla could. He was introduced to this akasha concept
by the great Indian master Vivekananda.

Ordinary electromagnetic waves are transverse waves, while scalar waves are
longitudinal.





Strangely these scalar waves do not actually exist in our "material" world,  but
exist only in the vacuum of empty space, or the time domain.




There are only a little over 100 atoms in all the Universe that we know of.  All
that we see is built out of these and out of a combination of these.  All atoms
are made up of protons, electrons and neutrons, except hydrogen which has no
neutron.  No atom is different than the other except in number:  Helium,
Calcium, Titanium, Tin, whatever; they are all the same thing . . .except in
number.


They follow an orderly mathematical progression.  Dimitry Mendeleyev noted that
Indian Sanskrit grammarian Panini who could think about this progression in
alphabets of  a language 7000 years ago .  Hydrogen, the simplest atom, has 1
proton in the nucleus and 1 electron in orbit.  Helium has 2. 3 protons in the
nucleus and 3 electrons in orbit is no longer a gas,  it is like magic Lithium,
a silver-white light weight metal of atomic number 3 .  It goes on and on to
Seaborgium, with 106 protons in the nucleus and electron configuration
2-8-18-32-32-12-2.



Therefore, the difference between all matter is electromagnetic energy created
by the different number of these charged particles, not in the basic make up of
these particles as individuals.  The reason Nitrogen and Oxygen are such
different gases cannot be that Nitrogen has 7 protons and 7 electrons and that
Oxygen has 8 of each. Hence it is the different amount of electromagnetic energy
that that one proton and one electron make that changes the substance.


The understanding of chemical bonding has been  fundamentally transformed by
quantum mechanics, as in Schrödinger's wave equations. New fields in physics
emerged after Newtons ideas were discarded into the dustbin of history , in
favour of quantum mechanics and relativity — solid-state physics, condensed-
matter physics, superconductivity, nuclear physics, and elementary particle
physics—  all of these found a consistent basis in quantum mechanics.  No
fundamental deficiencies have been found in quantum mechanics, since the past 7
decades.



Again, the difference is not in the makeup of the particles, but in the space
between the particles in orbit (electrons) and the nucleus (with protons).


That space is the substance of everything. That space is electromagnetic energy.
That space is “reality.”  That space is the atom.  Electromagnetism is the
substance of everything.  In essence, that “space” is the substance of all
structure.





The electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom.  It is
the space between them that is, ironically, the “substance.”


Within the electromagnetic force of the atom is the key to everything: creation,
transmutation . . .limitless power.


Water molecule is H2O.  In other words, 2 atoms of Hydrogen and 1 atom of
Oxygen.  Two gases combine to make a liquid.  It is not a material difference:
the protons are still protons, the electrons still electrons.   Electromagnetic
energy has been affected by the proximity of these charged particles making up
the atoms.  A new substance is created.  Amazing, right?



The electron spins around the nucleus (or center) of an atom and is responsible
for electrical and chemical actions. Time is a measure of the phase cycle of an
electron.  UTC is based on atomic clock.

When an electron is  made to rise up to another shell or orbit and some energy
was needed for this shift upwards to be done – this energy is the ZERO point
energy.  When an electron in orbit around the nucleus of an atom drops to a
lower, less energetic orbit, a photon containing the energy equivalent to the
electron's energy drop is emitted.

This explains why light and other forms of electromagnetic energy such as gamma
rays  are sometimes observed as particles and other times as waves. The heated
filament of a light bulb is an example of photon production.


Scalar waves interact with atomic nuclei, rather than with electrons.  Scalar EM
pulse does not react with the orbital electron shells of an atom, but passes
directly into the nucleus and is absorbed there.



Scalar waves are very different from electromagnetic waves.  They can travel
over immense distances with no loss of energy at super-luminal speed ( faster
than light! ).

Scalar waves can be regarded as electromagnetic longitudinal soundwaves.


These longitudinal waves are force-free, unless when they come in touch with
matter and can be used for healing at a distance, for a cure for specific
diseases or to fight the aging process that physical reality itself is
deterministically tuneable, changeable, engineerable, and not fixed at all. This
is the Reiki universal life force energy— which even the Japanese founder Dr
MikaoUsui who re-invented it from Indian Vedic times , did not understand.



The speed of light (communication), or electron to electron reaction, is slower
than the speed of gravity, or quark to quark reaction. The higher the scalar
wave frequency, the faster the time rate.



Quarks make up Protons and Neutrons inside the nucleus of atoms. If Quarks are
confined inside neutrons and protons, how do we know they are there, or even
exist at all?


The answer to that is from particle accelerators – huge acceleration rings built
underground like the one at CERN in Switzerland.   Particles such as a proton
are accelerated faster and faster round the ring, then at some incredible speed,
they are collided at one of 4 ‘inner tracker’ targets situated on the ring. –
they collide there and split up, giving sub-particle traces.

Collision Energy will be 1150 TeV (that’s only 150 times  the energy of motion,
of a dang flying mosquito—that is the funny part ).


Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC) demonstrate the reverse process. Photons , the
particle-like energy packets that constitute light radiation, from a super
powerful short-pulse glass laser, producing a half trillion watts of power in a
beam 6 micrometres  across, were arranged to interact with a pulsed beam of
high-energy electrons. Some of the photons collided with the electrons, gaining
a huge energy boost, and recoiled back along the line of the laser beam. A
number of those energetic photons collided with oncoming laser photons and, in
so doing, sufficiently broke down the vacuum to produce pairs of electrons and
positrons.


The experiment marked the first time that the creation of matter from radiation
had been directly observed.  Pair production (the formation of a positron and an
electron ) happens when electromagnetic energy interacts with matter. This is
the cosmic dance of Shiva, envisioned in their third eye or Irridium charged and
soma resonated pineal gland  by Himalayan masters thousand of years ago, without
a accelerator.



Digression: Newton of 18th Century is called the father of Calculus.  Bhaskara ,
the great Indian mathematician invented Calculus a thousand years before Newton,
for calculating rates of change, gradients of curves  and the calculation of
lengths, areas, and volumes. We in India know that our great Sanskrit texts on
Shiva’s cosmic dances, went missing before Quantum theory could give birth in
the west. Newton lifted whole sale from the Calculus book of Parameshwara.



Wherever there is an electric current, there always will be a magnetic field at
a right angle to it. Magnetism goes hand in hand with electricity.



The electron is considered a negative charged particle, while the proton is
regarded as a positive charged particle, hence the attraction between them.  A
neutron is considered a neutral charge and capable of taking either charge .


The atom is like a solar system as  most of it empty space. The structure of the
atom is energy in a confined space between revolving charged particles. .  The
electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom.  It is the
space between them that is,  ironically, the “substance.” This space in this
case filled with electromagnetic energy.





What is this atomic formula?—take a guess


C3032H4812N780Fe4O872S12



It is the most complex molecule known to man:  the red blood cell.


It is something so tiny one needs a high powered microscope in order to see it.
The speed with which the red blood cell carries out its complex functions is
incredible.  The complex data it carries is even more mindboggling.


All matter is not only mostly energy, but it is mostly space.   The red blood
cell, thus translates to 102,408 charged particles making up the atoms of its
structure.  These same particles are what is in your computer key board, a wall,
a car, rubber, anything.  The red blood cell is different just because of their
arrangement.  This creates the red blood cell.  Remove the space from that red
blood cell and no microscope will be able to detect those tiny particles.


It is the same for everything.  Remove the space from it, and you have zilch.


Space has an energy density of 1094 grams per cubic centimeter. To call space a
“vacuum” or the “quantum vacuum” is a misnomer because everything that we know
about space indicates that it is not empty.




It is not a vacuum but rather a plenum—an absolute fullness, characterized by
nearly infinite energy density and boundless luminosity. Space is literally
efflorescing with virtual photons and electron- positron pair production. It is
not dead, empty or inert but radiant and shimmering with energetic potential.



This all-pervading continuum or unified field has the features and qualities of
what indigenous people called the Great Spirit. The infinite potential of the
plenum is our potential.




The sacred geometry above is the 11000 year old Sri Yantra, formed by 9
interlacing 3D cones. . The red dot in the middle is the Bindu-- Modern science
has still NOT understood SINGULARITY, the still point in the middle of a black
hole.

We are one with the quantum plenum! Our bodies are piezo-electric bio-crystals,
resonant transducers of living light and life force.



We have unlimited access to the radiant field of consciousness which is infinite
active universal intelligence. We all have direct and immediate access to that
ZP field, which has been referenced by the spiritual traditions as the Divine
Being.

The world we see is 3-dimensional. Time is the 4th dimension. Thought (or the
mind) is beyond the scope of this explanation of the forces of nature,  but it
is at least one additional dimension.


Simply consider there are 30,000,000,000 red blood cells in the body.
Mathematically, it is possible to determine how many electrons and protons and
neutrons make up the blood.  Add the volume of all tissues, of every atom from
calcium to Iron, to whatever.  It is beyond numbers .  Take all the space out of
the human body and all these charged particles would form a pile that is so
miniscule that it is invisible.


The atoms of our body:  hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, calcium, zinc, iron,
whatever, are the same as those in the wall or your computer , they are in all
tune, on the same frequency.


An electric current is nothing more than electron particles traveling along in
the same direction, usually along a wire.



If we were to take 1,000,000 volts of high frequency electricity (at 60 cycles
alternating current) 1 ampere measurement of electric energy is equal to 63.3
billion billion electrons per second at any given point of the current.  But
change the frequency of that electricity.  Change it to 65,000 cycles, and you
can channel that 1 million volts through your body and out your fingertips like
lightning . . . if metal thimbles are provided to allow a point of discharge.



1,000,000 volts of electricity through a human body while  standing on the
conductor?. The electrons will pass through harmlessly . . .  All that is
required is a change of frequency.  Quantum physics shows that energy of an
electron depends on its frequency.



So, one thing is common to all the Universe,  to all reality — electromagnetic
energy.


All atoms are in vortex kinesis. It is spinning energy, an intensified example
of the natural state of any matter. An energy vortex, like a magnetic vortex,
would have unlimited potential on the wavelengths around this planet since it
would disrupt them first.  One would not have to waste time trying to bend them
with a huge atomic mass like a planet. Even the great galaxies rotate.  In
relation to a galaxy, our solar system is nothing more than a tiny atom.



Vast swirling energy of a typhoon in the Pacific is centered at its imploding
vortex core.


A spinning magnetic field (vortex) affects the most mysterious force field of
gravity.  The alarming relationship of gravity to a spinning magnetic field
opens the door for fruitful discussions of time and space.


Gravity is more than simple attraction.  It is orientation.

Atomic clocks placed at orbital heights recorded time passing just slightly
faster than those at sea level—just because  gravity is weaker higher up.  The
atomic clock installed at US NIST in 1999 , which measures light emitted by
supercooled Caesium atoms as they fall though a microwave cavity, can run for 20
million years without losing or gaining a second


Where gravity, and hence a curvature of space, was greatest time moved more
slowly; where it was not, more quickly.  The passage of time as we record and
experience it here was actually slower than in space.

Gravity is a function of time.  . Time is a measure of the phase cycle of an
electron. UTC is based on atomic clock.

A intense, non-tuned anti gravity wave will shatter metals. Sound under water
travels at a speed that is five times higher than in the air  .At the equator an
object actually falls slower than at the poles.


Time seems influenced by the physical as well:  at a higher altitude actually
record time passing faster, where gravity and magnetism are weaker.

Gravity can even affect the travel of light. Black holes exist in space, where
gravity is so strong the light cannot escape, where not even time can be
registered for the clock would stop, where everything vanishes.

Gravity can be reduced, nullified and inverted by means of electromagnetic
radiation.


Dark matter is a constant sea of matter traveling the opposite direction in the
timeline, only appearing for a moment, seeming to travel beyond light-speed, but
still exerting gravity.



Gravity is the result of an amount of matter pulling itself together, to create
compressive force toward the center, which curves all energy paths both
directions in the 4th dimension The closer to center-of-gravity, the faster
energy moves, hence the inward pull of gravity.  The gravity “field” is the area
where spacetime tries to even itself out.



Newton of apple bump on head fame, viewed gravity as an actual force. ( he did
not discover gravity ,while on the potty! ). Newtons "isolated systems " are NOT
found in nature. He did NOT understand what he presented to the world as 99% of
his work , including calculus was stolen from 6000 year old Vedic era books.




That is two bodies in free space would attract each other by the force of
gravity.  However in general relativity the more informed Einstein states that
gravity is not a force but the curving of space-time up into a higher dimension.


The universe as we know it is made up of four dimensional space-time, three
dimensions of space and one of time. But when a mass is present space-time is
curved up into the fifth dimension outside of space and time. This means that
time and space may be manipulated by the presence of mass, the denser the mass
the greater the warping of space-time.


Einstein worked on the unified field theory (UFT) that tried to explain how
electromagnetism and gravity are related. Maxwell showed the link between
electricity and magnetism in the late eighteen hundreds, so Einstein tried and
failed to include gravity within this theory.


Magnetism is an extension of the weak and strong forces. The electron forces
spiral around the proton forces and in most materials the forces just even out
like balanced atoms do, but when they interact with certain molecules (iron,
cobalt, etc), the energies interact. The repulsive electron forces repel when
identically spiraled forces combine (north on north, south on south), and the
attractive forces dominate when opposite spiraled forces interact. We can assume
that the North Pole is right-hand threaded, and obviously the opposite side
would spin the opposite way (south is left- hand threaded).



 Theforcesofnatureareruledbytheright-handrule.

There are three main types of electromagnetic resonance, NMIR (Nuclear Magnetic
Resonance), ESR (Electron Spin Resonance) and cyclotron resonance. With NMR
atomic nuclei are made to precess under the influence of a magnetic field, then,
while in this state they can absorb electromagnetic energy. If the energy is of
the right frequency, then magnetic resonance occurs. ESR is similar, however in
this case electrons are made to resonate, rather than atomic nuclei. Cyclotron
resonance can be applied to any type of charged particle and not just nuclei and
electrons.



Light is an electromagnetic process, -- invisibility can be  caused by bending
light around an object.  Why do we see astronomers running to places where there
is total solar eclipse?  To observe stars behind the sun!.





The bending of light is known as refraction and is dependent upon the electric
and magnetic characteristics of the substance through which it is traveling.  A
cyclotronic field may be generated by sweeping a cloud of electrically charged
gas (plasma) with a rotating magnetic field. At the same time a high frequency
scalar electric field from a  Tesla coil can stimulate the gas molecules into
cyclotronic resonance. This is what has been used on the USS Eldridge in the
secret Philadelphia experiment ( there is a Hollywood movie on this ) conducted
by Einstein, Tesla and Von Neumann.




This cyclotronic field could induce electromagnetic energy into matter causing
it to rise dimensionally up into hyperspace either by causing NMR/ESR .




John von Neumann, was a Hungarian genius of mathematics. Neumann had the ability
to turn complex abstract theory into working technology.  Nikola Tesla and Von
Neumann were more intelligent than Einstein.

Only Neumann could understand Tesla’s unique genius. Neumann is the father of
the high speed electronic computer.


When you study higher level physics, it becomes apparent that space and time are
inextricably related to each other. It is considered less accurate to refer to
just space or time by itself (because they don't exist by themselves.) That
would be like saying your mouth ate the dinner.

Consciousness of time can be likened to a deep hypnosis which causes one to be
in sympathy with the various frequencies and pulses of the physical universe our
human brain is in reality none other than a biological space-time energy
transducer. As such, it creates not only space, but also time. When scalar beams
charge through hyperspace the flow of time gets redirected temporarily.



When scalar waves are created by a dipole, such as a battery, a generator or a
permanent magnet with two poles, the polarisation of charge will create scalar
waves that rush between the dipole and the vacuum. Every dipole in the universe
from the atom with its positive and negative charges, to the Earth and the Sun
with its magnetic fields and all the other heavenly bodies in the universe
radiate scalar waves, so basically scalar waves are everywhere in the universe,
they fill the vacuum of space making it a plenum of zero point energy. In the
early 20th century Nikola Tesla was the first to discover the scalar wave. He
used induction coils to create these scalar waves.


Motionless Electromagnetic Generator, magnetic field inside of a magnetic metal
core (thick square frame shape), with two small control coils and two larger
generator coils with a control circuit. Uses magnetism to tap zero-point energy.

Einstein’s Relativity was, of course, E = mc2 — that is, energy equals mass
times the speed of light squared.   It means that there is an incredible amount
of energy in any object, if we could just get at it in the nucleus of its atoms.

Monoatomic elements can be used for regeneration of cells and DNA repair. They
are abundant in seawater, dirt, rock, plants, fresh water, and the air.
Monatomic elements can be uptaken from food, especially from organic plant
material grown in certain volcanic areas.



However no antioxidant is as powerful as thought. In a high spin state the atom
interacts with the zero point and space-time differently. (Investigation of this
monatomic phenomena maybe the key to The Grand Unified Theory for
electromagnetic forces, nuclear forces and gravity .) According to monatomic
theory these atoms in a high spin state are used by life to superconduct
consciousness and energy.

Superconductors and lasers are the best known examples of quantum
coherence—communication between atom and atom proceeds via state resonance

Zero Point Field—the mother of all fields—provides the ultimate holographic
blueprint of the world for all time, past and future. It is this that we tap
into when we see the past or future.
 
Scalar waves might be the point of fundamental intersection where matter and
consciousness can influence each other. Their effect is independent of distance
and time and is 4 times stronger than that of electromagnetic fields.



They are prior to, that is more fundamental than magnetic fields and they
transmit information, not energy. The transmission of scalar information creates
consciousness fields— Morphogenic Fields. They cannot be detected by the usual
instruments for measuring electric and magnetic fields, which work by
interacting with electron flow and energy transmission


Scalar wavelengths belong to the subtle gravitational field and are also known
as gravitic waves. Uniquely, they flow in multiple directions at right angles
off electromagnetic waves, as an untapped energy source called 'potentials'.
Potentials are particles which are unorganized in hyperspace - pure etheric
energy not manifest in the physical world. In comparison, electromagnetic waves
exist normally in the physical world, but can only be measured up to levels
determined by the sensitivity of the equipment being used as to how many cycles
per second they operate

Kundalini, the  subtle energy propounded by Indian Rishis thousands of years
ago, residing like a coiled serpent in the base of the spine in a latent state (
for deliverance from this world to a higher one of supreme truth ) , has scalar
wave origins. Kundalini and healing energy of Reiki master healers  are one and
the same.



The serpent on Shiva shows releases Kundalini.


When my wife ( who is one step above Reiki grandmaster level ) did her Kundalini
raising--the Guru aborted  at 4th stage , as she developed severe gas in the
stomach and discomfort ).








Scalar waves are capable of acting on living organisms at a sub-atomic level,
and certain frequencies of scalar have been shown to destroy viruses and
bacteria. And since telepathic messages between organisms seem to be able to
pass through lead enclosures, such ESP may not be communicated on the
electromagnetic scale, but through scalar waves.




Scalar waves propagate at faster-than-light speed except when transmitting
scalar information on electromagnetic carrier waves. If something travels faster
than light, it means that it can penetrate any matter as though it wasn’t there.
Therefore scalar waves pervade all matter and cannot be shielded against by
Faraday cages. Reiki healing waves pass through the earth.



Kundalini which exhibits pronounced psychic and trans-temporal effects is the
'channel' that connects the unmanifest void, with the manifest world of
subatomics, atoms, molecules and cells and is the cellular expression of energy
generated from the vacuum .

Kundalini buffers the harshness of bare reality.  Increased heart field and EMF
of the nervous system during the peak kundalini, acts like a biological
synchrotron to actually change certain elements in the central nervous system
into their high spin monatomic state. Scalar waves  encode the information of
space and time into a timeless, spaceless quantum shorthand of interference
patterns.



Kundalini has the  effect of stimulating an increased flow of ions upping the
body’s dipole and increasing the EMF. A cell possesses two
characteristics—capacitance and inductance—which are the elements of a tuned
circuit like a radio. The cell must be tuned to the desired frequency needed to
sustain life.


5% of our nervous system is composed of monatomic elements. Over 5% of the brain
tissue by dry matter weight is Rhodium and Iridium. During heightened activation
the body can transmute certain palladium group elements such as Iridium and
Rhodium into their high spin state by adding energy in the form of photons to
the atoms.



It is through this high spin atomic nervous system that we achieve cosmic
consciousness, Buddha mind and all ESP and spiritual phenomena


A famous experiment was done by Casimir which proved the energy could be tapped,
when two non magnetic plates were placed close together they started to attract
and the attraction got exponentially stronger the closer the plates were from
each other.  It was then realised that ZPE was causing this effect, the Casimir
Effect. The Casimir force is the ultimate cause of friction in the nano-world,
in particular in some micro electromechanical systems , like  tiny mechanical
devices which triggers a car airbag to inflate .




SonoLuminescence is another display of ZPE in action.  In this action high
intensity ultrasound (>20 Kh )cavitation is used on a bath of water with Argon
added.   The water glows a bright blue (blue shifted) which is found to be the
ZPE spectrum, then bubbles violently.  ZPE gathers on the 100 micron bubble
surfaces and when the bubbles implode, massive energy is released creating
temperatures of 5500 degrees C greater than the surface of the sun, and
pressures greater than 2000 bars, for less than 1 millionth of a second .. You
can see this in the Hollywood thriller Chain Reaction starring Morgan Freeman.



There are antigravity toys on the market which use electromagnet ZPE effects .
One of these is a spinning top, which when spun levitates in thin air.


The potentials are the cause, the fields are the effects. In simple terms, pure
magnetism and sound are the potentials. Electricity is the field. Magnetism and
sound do not “travel” as such, for they are inherently enfolded in space and are
everywhere. It is the disturbance that travels. On the other hand, electrical
charge, hence electricity, does travel, because it needs a physical medium. It
is obvious that Physics books do NOT understand  transverse magnetism ,
longitudinal sound or gravity.




The human ear only collects sound waves. It then translates these sound waves
into electrical impulses and sends them to the brain. The brain translates these
impulses into actual sounds. If you can directly send the electrical signal
(which describes the voice) straight to the subject's brain. Then the subject
will hear the sound without actually hearing it through the ears. The ears are
completely bypassed in this hearing process. Deaf people can talk on the phone
by putting electrodes into their ears . Blind people canm woman see patterns of
light by putting electrodes in the back of the brain.



Scalar waves are not blocked by Faraday cages or other kind of shieldings, they
are emitted by living systems, and they appear to be intimately involved in,
scalar electromagnetics is a unified field theory of electromagnetics and
gravitation, since it recaptures the scalar wave portion of electromagnetics .

HAARP --





The brain receives and sends out scalar waves.  Human brain waves contain hidden
order. Extreme low frequency bands (ELF) of human brainwaves clearly show that
hidden deterministic substructures of hidden electromagnetic order exist
concealed inside human brainwaves.  We are steadily contaminating and poisoining
the entire planetary potential, and each and every year we are dramatically
increasing this deadly effect.


Each cell has its own individual bio-quantum potential.  The planet is a living
being,  each cell has its own individual bio-quantum potential , each molecule
has its own electromagnetic signature.

Our DNA is capable of producing and receiving sound (phonons) and light
(photons) The DNA is a kind of a lens which can attract electromagnetic energy
into itself.  Every biochemical reaction is preceded by an electromagnetic
signal


Cells themselves have the ability to perfectly reprogram their own DNA when the
external environment demands it.  Life is fundamentally electromagnetic than
biochemical, the DNA blueprint functioning as a biohologram which serves as a
guiding matrix for organizing physical form.  DNA can be influenced by acoustic,
electromagnetic and scalar waves our DNA can even be “read” or “rewritten” as a
textual (and acoustic!) genetic code.



Hence no antioxidant can be as powerful as thought.  Cymatics has demonstrated
the power of acoustics ( mantras ).

THE SRI YANTRA BELOW IS THE FRACTAL GEOMETRIC DESIGN OF THE UNIVERSE OR THE
UNIVERSAL MIND




The Hindu king Mantra OM or AUM is the trigger for Quantum tunneling and
wormholes. Breaking a coconut with intention, is the trigger for Quantum
butterfly effect and soliton waves.



Yes—mind is over matter.



The ancient Indian Maharishis were masters of Soliton waves and using resonance.
Tesla wanted to resonate the natural nodes of this planet.

Swami Vivekananda told Tesla to prove all this mathematically on paper, as
directed by his Guru Ramakrishna Paramahamsa who did NOT speak English. . Dalton
understood Vedic Anu and the whizzing Electrons , but only super-genius Tesla
could understand Akasha, the space between the electrons..

The BRAHMA ASTRA of Ramayana and Mahabharata wars in 4000BC was a destructive
scalar howitzer. Tesla experimented a primitive Brahma Astra at Tunguska in
Siberia, after his meeting with Vivekananda. Tesla died with the Brahma Astra (
Scalar Interferometer ) knowledge in his head , as he did NOT want to give this
destructive Vedic technology to the US military and Vatican, as promised to
Vivekananda. It was to help mankind, NOT to destroy or enslave.

The lesser Astras ( missiles ) were Thorium based Nuclear. Examples: Agneyastra,
Garudastra, Narayanastra, Pashupatastra, Vaishnavastra, Varunastra , Vayuvastra
etc-- Prince Arjuna and Prince Rama of Ramayana / Mahabharata wars went to
Kerala to make weapons ( Thorium, which hold 150 times more power than Uranium
is found in the Monazite sands of Kerala --No 1 spot of the planet )


The ancient vedic Maharshis did complex equations inside their heads. They did
spherical Trigonometry for Astrology and amazing Sri Yantra ( which contains the
Theory of Everything ) geometrical gymnastics inside their heads.

If you want to know the speed of Vedic Mathematics punch in "Shakuntala Devi" or
"Srinivasa Ramanujam"  in Google search. These two bothered to impress the white
man by travelling abroad on invitation . Others never cared, as patenting
knowlege in a rabid manner like Edison is NOT part of Hindu Dharma. Edison held
more patents for Phonograph than the total number of parts it contained, by
bribing the Patents house. Out of this 6 are for the wooden cabinet !!




Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang
).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum
possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles, we call the cosmic dance of
Shiva from either side of the Quantum screen... Together they express the great
void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to
perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands (
body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by
Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the oceans
for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. The
amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar
knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine LSD--
rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk
DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and
achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are
accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland
is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this
hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in
the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for
Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep,
while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC
raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-
beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of
life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been
measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers,
regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can
vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT
is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a
psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become
active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline
burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant
observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have
too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were
NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its
mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND
LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the
quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and
Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16,
just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT
trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume
Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you
have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters
your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern
mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh
Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of
each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT
external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to
produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now
degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis
, can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life
use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third
eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas
will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the
third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2
strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil.
********************************************************************************
BAR KOKHBA IN FIGHT TO THE FINISH OVER A FORESKIN -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL











I had the opportunity to be in the promised land of Israel and visit almost all
the towns ( Jerusalem , Haifa, Ashdod, Akko etc ) having worked for Jewish
charterers from Tel Aviv for quite some time.


They were indeed the quintessential Shylocks and Fagins, greedy and selfish to
the core -- i shudder while even thinking about them-- about the meanness of
human nature.


I had many young psuedo Jewish East European friends , who came to this land of
milk and honey more out of survival instincts and eking out a decent living ,
than out of religious faith.


For example , if would ask , say,  a Jew from Russia " If Israel were to play a
soccer match with Russia , whom will you cheer for ?"


Pat would come the reply " Russia of course, I don't care for Israel --when i
make enough money i will go back to Russia!".


From such frank guys i learnt a lot about Jews and their mangy propaganda
machine.


ONE SUCH STORY WAS ABOUT BAR KOKHBA.


Bar Kokhba's foolish and selfish antics forced a mass exodus of Jews out of
Judea in 136AD.


Ten thousand of them came to my beautiful and amazing, home state of Kerala in
India.







They lived there unmolested by the locals, till after 1900 years the call of
Israel ( read as monetary incentives ) formed in 1948 after the 2nd world war ,
forced these wretched souls to go back to Israel.


Kerala is the ONLY place in the world , over 2000 years where Jews were never
persecuted or even held in contempt, despite their inheret clannishness and
greed. .




Sometimes i wonder--why ALL the people ALL over the world ALL the time --was
against the Jews-- Considering what Israel is doing to the Palestinians nowadays
, you can guess the answer yourself.





These exodus refugees just followed the path of Thomas ( Jesus's disciple ), who
came here by ship after the crucification of christ and died here too. After all
since the ancient days of Egyptian Pharaohs and Jewish heroes Kings David/
Solomon --the Malabar cinnamon was more expensive than gold. In fact King
Solomon's royal seal is etched in the script of  my native mother tongue
MALAYALAM.


In 7000 BC Emperor Vikramaditya , the Indian Aryan ruled from Jerusalem to
Cambodia. The Jewish symbol of star of David is a Dravidian symbol, as is etched
on our ancient temples. I am a Dravidian myself.


here we go--


Simon Bar Kokhba was reputed to be the last descendant of the David/ Solomon
bloodline.


He had this DELUSION OF GRANDEUR that he is the prophesied messiah and NOT Jesus
Christ or John the Baptist .  He went around with the rallying FORESKIN cause to
achieve this end .


He tried to take on the might of the Roman emperor Hadrian Caesar Traianus
Hadrianus Augustus,( Marcus Aeurelius of Gladiator hollywood movie fame was his
son in law , he groomed him )  whose bust I have seen in the Naples Museum.
Hadrian build the Pantien of Rome and the 117 km long great wall in Scotland.







The bone of contention was Circumcision, which Hadrain banned—as physical
mutilation of a god given body part.  It was NOT to provoke the Jews at all. The
style of circumcision practised by Palestinian Jews prior to bar Kokhba removed
only the 'tip' of the foreskin, not all of it. Bar Kokhba wanted the entire
thing out.





Hardrian ( a homosexual )  did NOT like the bizarre practise of the rabbi using
his wine rinsed mouth to suck out the blood from the circumcised penis of
babies, in a so called sterilisation procedure.






Considering the paedophilia in churches nowadays , i guess he was not too far
away from the mark.


Hadrian loathed Bar Kokhba who was not a holy man like Christ or John the
Baptist. He felt Bar Kokhba was on a selfish personal agenda of taking a place
for himself in history .






He did NOT want this circumcision political/ religious hush hush identity .  If
you must have such an identity it should be open , and honourable -- not on your
hidden family jewels, unlike the military uniform.


It was about creating a separate hidden identity for Jews --away from
Christians. For the true Christians had rejected Bar Kokhba wholesale.


Bar Kokhba was a extremely cruel man who initiated his 5,50000 soldiers by
taking away one small finger. The other choice was to uproot a Cedar tree, which
was ENVIRONMENTAL RAPE in those days.


Finally Hadrian declared " enough is enough" and massacred all Bar Kokhba's
fanatic army , cornered him and beat him to death.


His entire army was massacred and left to rot in the sun  , making the stench
terrible. A lot of survivors were hiding in deep holes under the ground , with
their food, water and gold.  He smoked all of them out , with this stench-- as a
military tactic.





And for 17 years he did NOT allow the Jews to bury their dead. Jerusalem the
capital made by King David was banned for all Jews.  Judea was renamed as
Palestine.


Hadrain , a noble Caesar  never celebrated his victory and held no victory
parade  in Rome as was usual after a hard fought war.





When Bar Kokhba was born i guess they threw away the wrong end.


Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (727 BC
to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India.

The disciple of Plato Aristotle did NOT come to India , but he had very clearly
written that Jews originated from Kerala in India.  Aristotle wrote that Jews
came from KALANI in India.  He has written that Kalani was famous for their
sages ( maharishis ).  These are the same sages who built the Egyptian pyramids.

Alexander the great went back from India via Socotra by ship, to get some life
saving Aloe Vera which was a spice trade outpost of Calicut King,  like Mecca
and Salalah .

This is the reason why King David took a wife from Kerala named Bath Sheba. King
Solomon took a wife from Kerala named whom all call Queen Sheba.


Jesus Christ took a wife from Kerala named Mary Magdalene.  All know that Jesus
Christ suddenly sprung up at Jerusalem from nowhere.  He was in Kerala India,
learning healing, meditation, science, philosophy etc.

30 years before the birth of Jesus Christ a lot of Jews came running to Kerala
to escape from Herod the Great, the vassal King of Judea .    Herod was actually
a Jew who followed Jewish customs , but yet screwed the Jews . .



He was hardcore and had executed his own wife and two sons. Information about
Herod the Great can be found in the Bible in Matthew 2:1-22 and Luke 1:5.  Jesus
was born during the rule of Herod the great.
********************************************************************************
THE GREAT ROMANCE AND CURSE OF THE KOHINOOR-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL








AN ARRANGEMENT OF CONVENIENCE —AJIT VADAKAYIL

King Edward VIII abdicated his British throne to marry Mrs Wallis Simpson, the
woman he loved. Many young girls , world over , swooned over the mere thought of
such great romance .

The naked truth is murky and dark.

It was more of a sacrifice than a romance. It was an arrangement of convenience
.

He did it for his country . He knew he could never produce a heir and carry on
the bloodline by marrying a proper fertile woman.



And Edward spoilt his chances by getting Zionist king makers Rothschild hopping'
manby declaring, -- "As long as I am here, there will be no war," said Edward,
the then Prince of Wales.

From the moment he uttered these fateful words to Prime Minister Mr. Stanley
Baldwin there was no possibility of him becoming King.

For Israel had to be carved out and financed out of a great war.  At Osborne
Naval Academy, as a 13 year old boy Edward was teased mercilessly by the other
cadets for his tiny dong and his effeminate ways.

Having come from British style Training ship Dufferin myself , where for 2 long
years , i shared open showers and shitpots with 250 other cadets at a tender
young age, I can well imagine. If you are a gay, you will be exposed on day one.

Edward spend 5 years before he became king in a secluded fort Belvedere near
Sunningdale , thoughtfully allowed by his father --away from prying eyes and
wagging tongues , with his selected friends for company.

When his father King George V passed away Edward being the eldest of 3 surviving
children became king. He started a romance with twice divorced Wallis Simpson,
who was a hermaphrodite.

A hermaphrodite is a woman with a dong , but no balls. They are sterile and the
twin ammunition dump is missing. Edward was attracted to her manly qualities and
was almost a slave to her.

Wallis outlived Edward by 13 years. Towards her final days , her maid and
Gyneacologist had seen her private parts properly –it was reported to be like
crushedand dried up grapes . Their home was bought by Dodi’s son Mohammed Al
Fayed who romanced Diana.

Below: King George VI who could NOT utter a sentence without stammering and
spitting all over , with Rothschild's man Churchill who remote controlled him.



Edward VIII , abdicated the throne to his brother King George VI ( Ruler of
India ) within 362 days . George was a misfit, terribly shy with a stutter. He
would cry and was prone to melancholy.





But his wife Elizabeth ( present queen’s Elizabeth II’s mother ) was very shrewd
and managed all affairs with an iron will. She got the great Kohinoor diamond
stolen from India for her own crown , and was most of the time sozzled on leg
bucklin' ZAZA ( this is 30% gin and 70% dubonnet --neat-- with a slice of lime
).

By the way Lord Krishna called Kohinoor diamond Syamantakam, and could be worn
only by Gods or women with harmony .

Kohinoor signed away to queen Victoria in 1849 by 11 year old boy King Duleep
Singh while in exile. As a reward he could play with the royal kids in London.

LITTLE DO THE BRITISH REALISE THAT THEIR GREAT EMPIRE WENT INTO DECLINE AND THE
MENTAL ACQUITY OF THEIR PEOPLE ERODED ( MADCOW ) AS A RESULT OF THE CURSE OF THE
KOHINOOR.

Such great stones cannot be mined but are found on riverbeds in their natural
state. 6100 years ago a slave stole it from Lord Krishna when he was sleeping.

INDIA WAS THE ONLY SOURCE OF DIAMONDS IN THE WORLD TILL ABOUT 150 YEARS BACK.
********************************************************************************
VIVA LA DIFFERENCE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






What makes a male happy may not be the same for a female, whom god has wired in
a different mysterious way.

Striyas charitram purushasya bhagyam , Devo na jaanati-- krito manushyaha !

If you want to keep your city bread --nay-- bred wife happy read on.

She wants unconditional love from you, so don’t try to relate to her abilities
in the kitchen or in bed. She wants you in her moment of need , not the next
hour. Women are not goal oriented, rather they are relationship oriented. (
better have a good relationship with your female boss.) She will talk to you
about problems to get close or to unwind. It is not that she wants a solution
from you.. She wants you to show understanding, care, and respect, Don’t argue
with her feelings. You breach trust when you intimidate her , the relationship
is now irreversibly weakened—like milk which has curdled. On returning home from
office or from away-- find her first, and listen to what she has to say.
Validate her feelings if she is upset. When going out on your own or away ask
her if she wants anything. Compliment her cooking—all her dishes cant be
horrible. Women love to dress up , put mascara and lipstick and go out for an
occasion—create occasions for that. Or buy her a surprise saree. Once her saree
and earrings has seen by all at a wedding function, she will refuse to wear it
again. ( ellarum kandu puzhuthu poyi! ) Take a picture of her on special
occasions to show that you care. Don’t ignore here in public, especially if she
is the mod type. And if she has carried the heaviest bag to the car after a
shopping spree with a sullen face — be careful.

If you are a woman and reading this piece—then you must know what keeps your
husband happy. Men look for success to make them worthy of female love. Relax
and cooperate with the differences instead of trying to change them, especially
in bed. Your nagging might be the repetition of unpalatable truths, but man
hates nagging, especially after a hard day. Men unwind by forgetting problems..
Not to be wanted by his woman is slow death for a man. When a man is insecure
–his auto response is to say “I don’t care”. Don’t read too much into this. It
is usual for men to stop communicating and go into a deep sulk , when he is
upset. Only women nag when upset-- just to get centred, men don’t do that, nor
they can take that. ( Pssst! What is nagging—just the repetition of unpalatable
truths! Ok?) - Macho man hates to be pitied. When he screws it up , if you say—“
it was not your fault”, he will love you for the support and acceptance as he is
—this is not the time to go into a high pitched, high octave truth finding
exercise. Men blow hot and blow cold , swings between loving intimacy and
autonomy( not indifference ) . Men want space, give him that. Man can get angry
( actually upset ) if he has no dang idea what to do next—it need not be finger
pointing at you. If a woman wants something she must ask him—say for a sari—man
will assume that he is giving her enough and more . Give man the freedom to say
NO—it does not mean he means NO and will not say YES as a matter of free manly
choice. When your husband is upset lie low, till the hurricane passes.

--and by the way – here is one in the eye for women's lib movement . Ever seen
--an animal or a bird or a mammal ( insects please excuse ) where the female
--gender is more beautiful, stronger or intelligent than the male gender?

LET ME END WITH 2 JOKES --


A wife was not at home for a whole night The very next morning, she tells her
husband that she stayed at her girlfriend's apartment overnight.

The husband calls 10 of her best girlfriends and none of them confirm that.

Friends of men: A husband was not at home for a whole night. The next morning,
he tells his wife that he stayed at his friend's apartment overnight.

The wife calls 10 of his best friends and 5 of them confirm that he stayed at
their apartments that night and another 5 are claiming that he is still with
them.




"As good as this bar is, said the Scotsman, I still prefer the pubs back home.
"In Glasgow , there's a wee place called McTavish's.  The landlord goes out of
"his way for the locals.  When you buy four drinks, he'll buy the fifth drink.

"Well, Angus, said the Englishman, at my local in London , the Kings Head, the
"barman will buy you your third drink after you buy the first two.

"Ahhh, dat's nothin', said the Irishman, back home in mE favourite pub Micks,
"the moment you set foot in the place, they'll buy you a drink, then another,
"all the drinks you like, actually.  Then, when you've had enough drinks,
"they'll take you upstairs and see dat you gets laid. All on the house!

The Englishman and Scotsman were suspicious of the claims. The Irishman swore
every word was true.

"Did this actually happen to you?

"Not mEself, personally, no, admitted the Irishman, but it did happen to mE
"sister quite a few times.

Viva la difference!

Women still want to be the first to be rescued from sinking ships. When the
President of world women's liberation organisation got a flat car tyre after a
conference. she waited nervousy  ( hiding her badge )  till a kind man changed
her car tyre.


On the other hand , if a wife wears the pants and shirt of her husband --no
problem. But if the husband wears his wife's saree or salwar, god save him from
society!


A sexual affair , which does not come under the category of rape, can never be
49:51 as women pretend to.  It is always 50:50.

Bottom lines:   Nobody will ever win the Battle of the Sexes. There's just too
much fraternizing with the fuckin' enemy. - Henry Kissinger




Two of the hottest topics in women's magazines— why men are such filthy pigs AND
how to attract a man!


I am sure no sane Indian woman wants " maker of self statues " or " bong
express" as the Prime minister of India.


Mahabharata war was started by a vain Draupadi , who ridiculed Duryodhana , when
he slipped and fell into the water pool.  First she ridiculed him because he was
circumspect with all highly polished and  reflective floorings looking like
water pools.


Ramayana war was started by Sita, who refused to go back with Hanuman, and
wanted Rama to fight Ravana and win the war, and then take her back.

We in India love to say that our women are Sati savitris. Take this from a
sailor of 4 decades. God has made all women the same. Indian women are afraid of
social stigma.  Otherwise they are as bold and daring as the women of the west.

And if you ask any woman , what type of man she wants. She will give bull about
sense of humor, character-- blah blah-- all of them want only one type of man in
their darkest dreams-- THE original caveman.

When a lady is pregnant, all her friends touch the stomach and saying
"congrats".  She expects it. But, none of them come and touch the man's penis
and say "Good job".  --and he does NOT expect it.

Now let me say something that even women will agree - " female bosses in a male-
dominated environment will invariably wreck other women's promotion hopes,
especially if she is better lookin' than her".

-- any woman dares to disagree?  suggest you don'tcozthis has been researched in
-- almost all the western countries. Even women prefer men customs officers at
-- the airport RED channel.

Here is a bad joke to make all women hoppin' mad at me -- ( just for kicks ! i
hope my wife does not read it, for she will kick mE ass-- )

A man will help a woman undress here multilayered tedious clothing before sex.
However after sex, she always dresses on their own.  Moral of the story:  In
life, no one helps you , once you're screwed.
********************************************************************************
HOLOCAUST TOOK OVER FROM WHERE THE INQUISITION LEFT OFF -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





























Roman Catholics who read this blog MUST listen to their soul and hearts.


I am indeed NOT a religion baiter-- just a frank ship captain and a leader of
men for 30 years , who has seen first hand what this planet has to offer-- i
hardly care for the loaded written word or tilted playing fields anymore.  I am
just a slave of my own conscience.


When i visited the Vatican and St Peters cathedral on Easter day-- i could feel
the bad vibes. Was it a holy place? Was it a haven of evil?


Did the Nazi Holocaust carry on from where the Inquisition left off?.


Have not the Vatican storm troopers killed by the most brutal and bizzare ways
more than 50 million human beings on this planet?  and what was the fault of
these poor victims ?  that they just did not want a middle man pope between
themselves and their god --or their religion was unapproved?


The pope even wanted to censor and abridge scientific texts. What type of holy
father is he?  How did poor Galileo accused of heresy become blind? What is all
this ecclesiastical dispensation?


What about the blood money, confiscated properties of the condemned,  and
laundering operations of the Vatican? Is there a link between Swiss banks and
Vatican? What about the infamous BCCI scandal? --imagine buddhist clergy who
live by begging laundering their money.





Why is nobody taking a stand against this CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY -- paedophile
priests getting immunity!



It is estimated that 30 million small innocent children , out of 1200 million
Catholics have been abused and sodomised by catholic priests.  how many of these
priests are in jail?  what is the need for condoms inside monastries?



 Itisestimatedthat42%or36000ofallCatholicnunshavebeensexuallymolestedbyasurveyre
 cently.Whatdrovethenunstofundthissurvey?didanybodycare?






The clergy bluntly states " we have compensated the victims!" --what type of a
bullshit statement is this?




Why are these men in medevial dresses and curved staffs allowed to prey upon the
insecurities and trust of the defenceless young?



Would you like your own child or sister to be sodomised or abused  by a Latin
speakin' pervert in fancy church robes?




Have not several repentant priests in the Inquisition days confessed just prior
dying, that Inquisition fear was put into beautiful girls from noble families to
have sex.





Does Jesus Christ need celibate helpers?





Does god have a hotline with the pope?



Is church becoming the last refuge of the sexually perverted , the
pathologically and diabolically sick ? Why do they get alarmed when another
religion spreads faster due to its inherent goodness, without the religion being
rammed down the throats and mental prostitution ?



It is common knowledge among IT experts that maximum gay, anal and bestial
INTERNET surfing percentage by population, is from inside the Vatican. ( It is
NOT muslim Pakistan ,as the west love to repeat )



Are these happy and moral denizens of this planet? (OSHO had said that sexual
repression is the biggest cause of evil deeds and diseases on this planet. Can
you imagine a sexually repressed animal in a free jungle? God never meant it
this way!!)




Why is the pope getting political immunity, as a head of state? Is it not ripe
time for this privelage to be terminated?


Just before the Communism died--how did a communist pope take charge?  How many
of you know that Karl Marx, Lenin and Stalin were JEWS?




Will the next pope be a slit eyed Chinese man? -- before Chinese  communism
drives itself into the ground?





Is Vatican a parasitic organisation, with a sickness inherent in the system ?


What spiritual leadership does it offer?  is there not a culture of self
deception?



How did 100 odd Chinese who got killed in the Tiannaman square get canonised?
--- are they saints by any stretch of imagination?


How many Indians will vouch for the fact that a mere locket of canonised Mother
Teresa cured a Bengali woman of terminal cancer tumor?. Here own doctor had
vociferously maintained that all she had was a benign tumor,  which he cured
giving her prescribed medicines. Why does the Pope require false poster girls?





How did the LAST CRUSADER  (260 of the line ) Pope Pius XII Pacelli , who killed
more men than Hitler during the 2nd world war , using Croat super-sadist Ante
Pavelic get canonised?--and that too 65 years after his death?



 


Does not Roman Catholic Father Petar Brzica hold the world record for slitting
1360 Serbian Orthodox Christian throats in one single night , earning a gold
watch as a reward. When the British army reported this to Vatican , was it not
conveniently ignored by Pope Pius XII.







Did not mother saint Theresa , who hardly got her gnarled hands dirty ( except
during photo shoots ) get the Nobel prize for opening up more than 700 convents
worldwide ? Did she ever differentiate between good money and bad money received
as donations ? Did she NOT diabolically showcase human suffering in India , as
an open sore, and wrangle more than 1 billion dollars in donations, to further
Vatican's cause?



and this is something this world must know--


-- some exhumed truth-


Pope Pius XII ( the same pope who killed more people than Hitler during the Serb
Orthodox Christian inquisition ) was directly responsible for the American war
in Vietnam.  He used drug trade money power to put a Vatican puppet and staunch
Roman Catholic president Ngo Dinh Diem, as president of Vietnam in 1955. His
brief was to persecute the Buddhists and convert them to Christianity.  Diem was
instructed to give death penalty to communists in 1956 . In the war America
supported the Catholic south . The result was 50000 American soldier casualities
and 2 million Vietnamese exterminated--and the greatest rape of this planet by
Agent Orange-- ordered by JFK.




Pope Pius XII along with John Foster Dulles ( secretary of state for President
Eisenhower ) -- both committed anti-communists , were responsible for the start
of the COLD WAR and so much human misery..





Thought:  man will never do evil so gleefully , unless he is convinced that god
( or his middle man with a hot line ) wanted him to do it that way.  Power is
the biggest intoxicant not LSD .



Recently forty women who have had secret affairs with priests ask Pope Benedict
to the lift sex ban on the Roman Catholic clergy.



Their letter describes the vow as a "tattered shroud" and explains how they must
"live daily with the doubts, fears and insecurities of our men" because their
relationships are clandestine. Indeed, they point out that many of Jesus’s
disciples were married. They suggested that priests were allowed to live normal
lives then the number of sex abuse scandals might fall.



But current Pope Benedict responded by saying he was in favour of "the principle
of holy celibacy".-- This is despite evidence that many past Popes had secret
wives and children .

 (Some like Pope Pius XII of WW2 was quite blatant about having his beautiful
 (Bavarian "housekeeper" Sister Mary Pascualina Lehnert live with him for 41
 (years.)




How many of you know that Roman Italian Inquisition started only in 1545, with
the Indians in Goa, when Francis Xavier impressed on Pope Paul III, the urgent
need to punish the filthy pestilent Indians, worshiping evil back stones and
following false doctrines . 20000 were tortured and killedin Goa India,  before
the British stopped the Portuguese saying Enough is Enough. The same Inquisition
blinded Galileo in 1633.. All under investigation had to wear a huge red X
symbol on their dress .




It was Pope Paul III who restarted slavery in Rome , by repealing a timeless law
that slaves could claim their freedom at the Emperor's statue at Capitol hill .
After this all Muslims, man and woman , became slaves, automatically. This sick
man made his grandsons cardinals even before the age of 14.

Below is Xavier, heeding the voice of GOD, to punish all the non-believers.
********************************************************************************
LOVE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



LOVE IS UNSTABLE.  HENCE SOCIETY CAUSED MARRIAGE TO COME INTO EXISTENCE.

LOVE IS A FRESH FLOWER-- MARRIAGE IS PLASTIC.

YOU CAN MARRY THE MOST BEAUTIFUL GIRL IN THE WORLD-- AFTER 2 MONTHS SHE WONT
EXCITE YOU ANY MORE PHYSICALLY.  HENCE NEVER MARRY FOR BEAUTY.

MARRIAGE IS THE DEATH OF LOVE.  MARRIAGE IS A GREAT EFFORT BETWEEN TWO PERSONS
TO CREATE A CONTINUING SYMPHONY.  WHEN THE MUSIC STOPS THE STRINGS ARE STILL
ATTACHED.

LOVE IS THE GREATEST GIFT OF GOD.  IT IS THE ONLY EXPERIENCE WHICH TRANSCENDS
TIME.   WHEN A GIRL PEEPS FROM BEHIND THE CURTAINS TO CATCH A GLIMPSE OF HER
BELOVED, SHE WILL NOT KNOW HOW TIME FLIES.

LOVE TRANSCENDS AGE , RACE , CREED AND RELIGION.   MOST OF THE TIME WHEN YOU SAY
YOU ARE IN LOVE, IT IS JUST AN ARRANGEMENT OF CONVENIENCE.

A CANCER PATIENT ON A TWO WAY STREET OF LOVE CAN CURE HIMSELF-- SUCH IS THE
POWER OF MIND OVER MATTER.

RELATIONSHIP IS A STRUCTURE, LOVE IS UNSTRUCTURED.

TRUE LOVERS HAVE GIVEN EACH OTHER A FEW MOMENTS OF ETERNITY.. THEY WILL REMEMBER
THESE MOMENTS, BE GRATEFUL TO EACH OTHER AND DEPART AS FRIENDS.

LOVE CANNOT BE MANAGED , IT JUST HAPPENS.

LOVE IS ABOUT TWO HEARTS BEATING AS ONE IN RESONANCE.  IT MAKES THE LOVERS ACT
SILLY.

LOVE MAKES YOU LOSE SLEEP-- FOR REALITY IS NOW FAR BETTER THAN YOUR WET DREAMS.

LOVE’S WAYS ARE BEYOND YOU. IT IS NOT POSSIBLE FOR YOU TO KNOW WHEN IT IS
APPROPRIATE TO START OR STOP IT.  IF YOU WANT TO START IT AND END IT ON YOUR
TIMETABLE, THEN IT WAS NOT LOVE IN THE FIRST PLACE.

LOVE IS AN UNCONDITIONAL GIFT, NOT A BARGAIN.  IT BLOSSOMS ONLY IF YOU DROP YOUR
EGO.

LOVE IS THE ONLY NOURISHMENT FOR THE SOUL.

LOVE IS THE ONLY BEAUTIFYING PHENOMENON IN EXISTENCE. YOUR BODY RADIATES IT., IT
IS NOT PART OF THE BODY— IT COMES FROM DEEPER  SOURCES.

A WOMAN BECOMES BEAUTIFUL JUST BECAUSE YOU LOVE HER.  THE HEART SEES WHAT IS
INVISIBLE TO THE EYE. IT IS ABOUT SEEING A IMPERFECT PERSON PERFECTLY.

IF LOVE BRINGS MISERY, IT CANNOT BE LOVE.  SOMETHING ELSE IS MASQUERADING AS
LOVE. ANALYSE IT AND BE READY TO DROP IT.

THE PAIN OF LOVE LASTS A LIFETIME.   LOVE IS FELT ONLY BY THE HEART.


WISDOM ON LOVE AND LIFE (LIKE  POETRY) IS NOT THERE IN THE WORDS,  IT ONLY
HOVERS AROUND IT.  YOU MUST BE UNFOCUSSED WHEN YOU READ IT TO CATCH HOLD OF IT.

 

 




Note: "All you need is love" is full of meaning.  A cancer patient can cure
himself if he falls in love on two way lane.  The heart generates the largest
field in the body, thousand of times stronger than its nearest competitor, the
brain.  This is why when you fall in love at first sight you will yawn -- a
great release of energy, which can be felt by the subject.

********************************************************************************
WATER VALLEY AND WALKING ON WATER-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL









If you make the sound "Om" in front of a drop of liquid, it will transform
itself into a Sri Yantra which is very specific visual form which is symmetrical
and also holographic, in that every bit of it contains all of it.

Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings. The
average electron density around the oxygen atom in a water molecule is about 10
times that around the hydrogen atoms. This non uniform distribution of positive
and negative charges or strong DIPOLE present in water leads to the substance’s
unusual behavior.

A single molecule of water looks like a letter V at an angle of 105 deg , with
one oxygen atom at the bottom point and two hydrogen atoms at the top. These
atoms share some of their negatively charged electrons, forming a strong
connection called a covalent bond. THIS DIPOLE CAUSES IMMENSE SCALAR ENERGY TO
USHER IN AND OUT OF ZERO POINT FIELD.





All water crystals have 6 branches--but NO two are alike. If you reduce the
surface tension of water from 75 dynes / cm 2 to 65 then the angle changes from
105 to 120. This water is good for the human body.








All Hindu temples are located near a water body. The properties of Ganges water
and Zam Zam water from Mecca is well known.

Even a small amount of water has enough cluster structures available to absorb
whole libraries of information ( theertham in a rishi’s copper lota ).

I would not be surprised if in the future Silicon valley is renamed as Water
valley. For water can store information about substances that were once in it
but that have physically disappeared. Latest generation computer robotic
research is investigating water's capacity to order and transmit information, as
an improvement to silicon. Water should be the source of energy in the future
via energy carrier hydrogen.



Water is the very source of all life . The quality of our life depends on it.
97% of water on this planet is salt water. Out of the balance 3% fresh water,
2/3 is ice.

Water is colourless, odourless and tasteless at room temperature.

Water covers 70 percent of Earth’s surface, makes up 65% of the human body.
Brain is 83% water, blood-92%, kidneys - 82%, liver-69% , muscles-75%,
bones-28%.


50 to 90% weight of living organisms is water.

Our brain stores information in the holographic form. Every cell in our body
carries all information to produce a copy.


Without water, the blood wont move. A human being will die within 3 days of
being deprived of water, as cells, blood and tissues are deprived of the water
content. Water is the lubricant of all moving parts in the body. All cells are
water cooled.


In homeopathy the information copied to the water is being used to cancel out
the information of the symptoms from the disease -- a wave cancellation effect.
Water is the master listener in the universe -- and you are mostly water. The
gravity of the moon affects the tides just like the periods of a woman.

Water has an unusually large heat capacity, requiring a lot of energy to
increase its temperature. This characteristic prevents Earth from getting too
hot or too cold, and it slows the temperature changes in oceans, biological
cells, and tissues, making conditions possible for life. Water is one of the
best known solvents .

Liquid water absorbs radiation of all wavelengths, except a narrow window in the
visible (photochemical) waveband. This window is critical for photolysis and
directly or indirectly influences the development of all life on Earth.

Water’s high thermal conductivity speeds up heat redistribution in living
tissues, which helps protect the body from uneven heating and cooling, whether
such changes are caused by metabolic processes or external mechanisms.


Though water freezes at zero deg C , however if it is kept inside the
capillaries which have the dimensions less than a hair thickness, it will remain
fluid even at a very low temperature below zero. In areas of the earth where
water freezes at night and thaws again in the morning, we find the toughest
rocks splitting and being broken down. Ice melts when slight pressure is
applied, but under high pressure, liquid freezes. If you open a bottle of
pressurized soda water, it will freeze instantly. Water is the only substance
that has its highest density as a liquid.

Water also has a high heat of vaporization, so a lot of energy from the Sun is
needed to turn liquid water into vapor. It takes four times as much energy to
heat a given mass of water by 1°C as it does to heat the same mass of dry air.
Perspiration is the most effective way to cool the human body. Water bodies in
the tropics don't get evaporated so quickly.

As temperature increases, a substance’s density generally decreases. But pure
water is an exception to this rule—it is the only known substance that has its
highest density as a liquid. It is the only natural substance found in all three
states -- solid, liquid and gas -- within the range of natural Earth
temperatures.

It has very high surface tension (helping it move through roots and capillaries
-- vital to maintaining life on Earth) and is virtually incompressible. Because
of the internal tension of water it can drag itself upwards through tall trees
without breaking off in its upwards flow. This upwards flow is caused by the
water flowing out of the leaves into the air, pulling more water up as it does
so . The high surface tension of water - its tendency to fight being pulled
apart - explains why it forms droplets and why it climbs up the sides of a
straw.

A well-known anomaly of water is that its density is highest at four degrees
Celsius above the freezing point. Thus, ice floats on water, whereas the solid
state of other compounds would sink in their liquids. This permits life to
survive safely under the ice during freezing weather. Ice would sink to the
bottom of the sea otherwise , away from the melting warmth of the sunshine.
Unlike other liquids, water expands in freezing.Completely pure water is a poor
conductor of electricity

Water is the universal medium for all biological activity; it dissolves,
dilutes, transports, and reacts with every chemical essential for life. Cell-
associated water (vicinal water) has different properties than ordinary water.
It is less dense, requires more energy to heat, has greater viscosity, and
different phase change temperatures.

The most mysterious and controversial property of water, however, is its ability
to hold and store memory. This property underlies the healing capability of
homeopathy. A homeopathic solution usually in water is produced via a series of
dilutions of a substance, often until effectively no atoms of the original
material remain. Only an imprint or memory remains for the cure, and the greater
the dilution, the greater the effectiveness. The experiments showed that the
immune system can be triggered using hundred times dilutions of an aqueous
solution of an antibody.. If water has a memory then the water we drink is
transferring its memory into our "water body," just like a homeopathic solution
does.

Human vibrational energy, thoughts, words, ideas and music, affect the molecular
structure of water, The body is very much like a sponge and is composed of
trillions of chambers called cells that hold liquid.  In this sense water not
only has the ability to visually reflect the environment but it also molecularly
reflects the environment. Miracle waters have been discovered throughout the
world and have been responsible for thousands of unexplainable healings.

Water registers precise molecular information about the world around it, and
that is extremely sensitive to these frequencies coming into it.Water remembers,
or stores this information, and that it can transport this into new environments
when it travels through various water cycles. The oceans have a water cycle
where vast internal rivers,that we call ocean currents, flow through all the
salt waters of our world, carrying warm and cold waters to affect various
countries' weather patterns, flora and fauna.

These enormously powerful currents dive down kilometers deep into the watery
darkness when they cool near the ice caps and then rise again thousands of miles
away in warm waters, spreading food worldwide for what used to be a stupendously
rich marine life. Water can wipe out previous molecular energy information and
start afresh, starting anew in the present moment to receive the latest upgrade,
so to speak. Water appears to have a type of thinking capacity within itself as
a freely moving liquid without a nervous system needing to be formed. Water
responds to subtle events even far out in the cosmos and that it is a far more
sensitive medium for reception .


It is also known that water receives cosmic radiation as extreme low frequencies
everywhere, even deep down five kilometres below the sea, creating resonances or
vibrations that are healing and healthy for nature since the world began. the
moon, the sun and even the stars communicate with water, and our earth itself is
retuning its resonances constantly to this influx. Water molecules group
together in vast numbers of unusually long 'cluster structures', and these can
vibrate like a musical instrument receiving and giving off a wide variety of
differing frequencies.

Water has high dielectric constant or relative permitivity of 81. This means the
force of attraction between ions is 81 times lesser in water than in vacuum, and
this allows them to separate. High dielectric constant is equivalent of high
insulating properties, to lower the attraction between oppositely charged ions,
once they are solvated.. Thus, water is a powerful solvent and a medium for
biochemical reactions. It is the universal solvent, being one of the best
solvents we have, with 84 out of the known 103 elements on this planet being
dissolved by it.

If you get pure coherent water flowing fast enough it can cut metal. Water jets
are able to cut because the spray is channeled through a very narrow jeweled
nozzle at a very high pressure to keep the spray coherent. Unlike metal cutters,
a water jet never gets dull and it cannot overheat.. The latest machines can cut
to within less than a half a mm, and have jet speeds around Mach 3.





The nozzle is a diamond hole. A water jet can cut a "sandwich" of different
materials up to four inches thick. This odorless, dust-free and relatively heat-
free process can also cut something as thin as half a mm. The tiny jet stream
permits the first cut to also be the final finished surface. This single cutting
process saves material costs and machining costs.. The water pressure is
typically around 4000 bars.

A water jet can strip paint at a distance of 15 metres of if you alter the
chemistry of plain water by adding a soluble polymeric chemical that acts like a
series of molecular spinal columns or concrete reinforcement bars that tie the
individual water molecules together in a more structured way to form a coherent
jet.



Abrasive water jets , using diamond powder abrasive, cut into the hard hull of
the submarine Kursk to recover the bodies of the Russian crew . This abrasive
jet has an internal ruby orifice to produce a thin dia jet of water capable of
cutting materials over half a metre thickness of steel while producing a taper
of less than 1 degree with Ultra High Pressure Water of 6000 bars produced by a
Water jet Intensifier Pump

Nobel prize winner Alex Carrel (who kept a chicken heart tissue alive for 37
years) had said that the secret of life is to feed and nourish the cells and let
the flush the waste and toxins.  To achieve toxin release efficiently with
minimum quantity of water you must lower the surface tension of water from 73
dynes to 45 dynes. You can drink a large quantity of high tension water, -- it
is NO use.

If you drink water that’s harmonious to the human body, water will pass through
the body within ten to 15 minutes. The (harmonious) water will carry out toxins.
Ordinary water has a surface tension of 73 dynes per centimeter, our body cells
require 45 for fast permeation and hydration. If the ST is too high, the cell
drowns in its own waste products as there will be less flushing action. Scalar
energy from the DNA of healers reduce the surface tension of water, and make the
pH of the water more alkaline.

The oxygen atom grabs more of the shared electrons, which makes it slightly
negative, leaving the hydrogen ends slightly positive. This small shift in
charge is what attracts water molecules to each other.

The hydrogen atoms within each water molecule are strongly drawn toward the
oxygen atoms in neighboring molecules. In fact, the hydrogen partners are so
fickle that a water molecule changes partners ten billion to a hundred billion
times a second. Water appears to be H 1.5 O rather than H2O ( hence the
fantastic dissolving action ).

No one understands, why liquid water is able to carry so much heat . Water has a
large heat capacity; it can take in a lot of heat without its temperature
increasing very much. This makes it an especially good coolant for a car
radiator, and it's the main reason temperatures are moderate for coastal
communities - as the ocean is slow to cool down or warm up.

Water, sanctified by chanting mantras or by bathing an idol is known as
theertham.’Living water’ is an organized state of matter and energy, and capable
of storing and transmitting information. Water in everything we eat or drink
carry with it a subtle informational content that imparts a "memory" into our
"water body." The visual images that we encounter, the sounds that we hear, and
our thoughts are encoded into the water of our cells to become a part of our
unconscious mind.

Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings. The
implications go beyond homeopathy and ’energy medicine" and into the interaction
between water and consciousness.


Water has a memory in which it stores information about the surrounding sounds,
chemicals and even human emotions. Water retains information, even after the
most stringent purification and filtration processes The memory is stored in
clusters of H20 molecules that are formed when several molecules join together.

Our thoughts and expectations broadcast energy like a radio station that
influence matter on the subatomic quantum level. If you intend that quantum
particles should act or behave in a certain way, they will do as you intend. If
another man thought they should behave in a completely different way, they did
just that as well. In other words, the very particles that make up our physical
reality changed and responded according to the specific thoughts of the
observing individual’s expectations.

The water molecule is not linear but bent in a special way. As a result, part of
the molecule is negatively charged and part positively charged.

The hydrogen ion is positively charged. A water ioniser changes the hydrogen ion
into a negative charge. Free radicals are a natural byproduct of cellular
function. Free radicals expel an electron, and the extra electron damages
neighboring cell nuclei and DNA, setting the stage for improper cell division
and replication.

The chemistry of life is water chemistry. Without water's capacity to store and
share information as different vibrating frequencies in an extraordinary
manner,living cells would not be able to communicate with each other .

We worry about taking a external bath—how about taking a proper internal bath?
--for water is the universal medium for all biological activity; it dissolves,
dilutes, transports, and reacts with every chemical essential for life.

The water we drink is 3 billion years old.

Water can propagate fast moving 5th dimension antigravity soliton waves,
maintaining its shape and velocity without dissipating its energy ( example-
tsunami ).





Hot water can be frozen faster than cold water-- Spray a fine mist of boiling
water in sub zero temperatures and you get instant snow. When water is cooled to
< minus 135 deg C it forms a syrup called glassy water.

Water blessed by healers have minor shifts in its molecular structure and
decreases hydrogen bonding between the molecules, similar to what happens when
water is exposed to magnets.

Water can act as a acid as well as a base.  water is amphiprotic or ampholytic
and can act as an acid ( by losing an H+ion ) and as base ( by gaining an H+ ion
).



An oxygen atom has six electrons in its outer (valence) shell, which can hold a
total of eight. When an oxygen atom forms a single chemical bond, it shares one
of its own electrons with the nucleus of another atom and receives in return a
share of an electron from that atom. When bonded to two hydrogen atoms, the
outer electron shell of the oxygen atom is filled.




You can use a water drop like in the picture as a spherical lens –and can
project all bacteria inside using a laser beam as a monstrously large shadows
show on a screen behind.

Sonoluminescence -- or spectacular conversion of sound to light , happens when
water is bombarded by intense light waves creating air bubbles which rapidly
contract and implode with a flash of light. There is a Hollywood Morgan Freeman
movie on this --CHAIN REACTION. In the movie a spherical glass cage is resonated
by harmonious sound waves of 20 KHz. Then a very tiny air bubble is blown into
the centre, where it implodes at temperatures of 30000 deg C.  The light comes
from the zero point field.



Want to walk on water like Jesus Christ?  Increase the shear of water by using a
transparent medium. and you can have everybody amazed and praying to you . First
try it in your kitchen soup. Add 2 parts of corn starch to 1 part of water. Your
fingers still will detect it like water. But give an abrupt punch--it will
bounce you hand back like a solid trampoline--or rather a viscoelastic membrane.




WATER IS THE ONLY DRINK OF A WISE MAN!
********************************************************************************
CROP CIRCLES MYSTERY SOLVED-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

MYSTERY OF CROP CIRCLES SOLVED-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL













The first " crop circle " on this planet was made by super genius Nikola Tesla
at Tunguska.

In 1908 when Tesla tested the foreboding weapon--  his scalar wave howitzer, a
type of particle accelerator .

At the time, Robert Peary was making his second attempt to reach the North Pole,
and Tesla had told him that he would see something spectacular. On the evening
of June 30, accompanied by his associate George Scherff atop Wardenclyffe tower,
Tesla aimed his scalar death ray across the Atlantic towards the arctic, to a
spot which he calculated was west of the Peary expedition.

His Howitzer overshot its target-- and it caused a massive explosion equivalent
to 45 Mega tons of TNT at Tunguska Siberia---the likes of which has never been
experienced by this planet till now. The explosion was heard 700 miles away and
it formed a huge crater which is still examined by all scientists .

Alarmed at the danger this posed to this planet the true Martyr to science (and
the only one on this planet)  Nikola Tesla quietly dismantled his howitzer.

Check out the trees swirled and flattened in the dense forest in the 2nd back
and white picture from top --exactly like the modern day crop circle in a corn
field. Sceptics called it a meteor strike-- while NO remnants of a meteor has
ever been found at the site till date.

CIA and the US military tried to steal his technology for a future star wars
programme-- the modern day HAARP, which in addition to scorching any spot on
earth , can shoot any incoming missiles and also doctor the ionosphere to
engineer weather , cause earth quakes or volcano eruptions or do mind control.

When Tesla refused to play ball, he was buried to history--and denied a Nobel
prize for lighting up the world with AC electricity. Marconi was awarded a Nobel
prize for radio transmission , which the US supreme court rules after Tesla's
death that it was indeed stolen from Tesla.

When Tesla died all his scalar papers went missing from his hotel room in New
York.

The modern day CROP CIRCLE of 2010 looks something like the below picture ( the
face of Sarah Palin who ran for US Vice president post )-- even after swallowing
this "ultimate lampoon", USA and UK still pretend they don't know that the anti
NATO group is behind all this.

 
--it is an ion drive lifter with scalar wave emitter computer controlled with
--graphic image tracer. It is on a corn field in several square kilometers of
--area.

Psssst-- Only Americans can be so dumb enough to believe , that stupid Sarah
Palin is famous all over the cosmos.


Pssst-- and the Brits can continue their self delusion and claim the expertise
of John Bulls-- Dave and Doug in creating these enormous figures of art , with
boards, wire through baseball cap( sic!) and rope..



Meanwhile Hollywood director M Shyamlan made a " crop circle " movie SIGNS --in
which Mel Gibson acted. This drew the attention of the world -- TILL TODAY
NOBODY HAS BEEN ABLE TO GIVE A PROPER EXPLANATION TO THIS PHENOMENA.

Cant blame them as HAARP is a US military "Star Wars" secret, ( from renegade
Tesla Technology) . The picture below shows HAARP antennas at Alaska and its own
schematic diagram as a crop circle several miles long. . just scalar waves
meeting matter , under which a water body must exist, for RESONANT coupling--!!!







 
Meanwhile between the first crop circle in 1970 and 2010 -- hundreds of strange
theories were cooked up by the puzzled word. Some cunning guys in UK and USA
even claimed that they made these circles manually at night HUSH HUSH without
lights in the dark , without leaving foot marks.. The stupid planet believed
them .

Now i want all of you to check out some crop circle pictures pasted below--is
anybody naive enough to think such flora art can me made so perfectly in one
single night, without lights? The geometrical crop circle of the SRIYANTRA at
Oregon was on a wet lake bed 13 miles long without a single footprint. ( there
were no crops to camouflage foot marks on the soft mud ).


 Youmustbeawarethatallareseveralsquaremilesinarea.


















 
Even a Tesla coil popped up in UK in 2004 -- amazing everybody--  causing the
movie SIGNS to be made.




What puzzled the world was--when the seeds are planted they grow 40% faster than
their normal counterpart from the same field.

Some even had multiple layers swirled in different directions, where the stalks
are actually woven like a piece of loose cloth on the floor of the formation.
See the mat formation weave.





Electronic equipment failed in crop circles and magnets went haywire. No one was
able to explain why this occurred.

Researchers measured a distinct emission of energy at 5khz emanating from fresh
crop circles., while all stalks all still bent at 90 deg.  The stalks are never
broken in authentic crop circles and the plants’ stalks later resume their
‘erectness’, never having suffered any trauma.

In the Seven tees before the advent of graphic and computers-- it was a XEROX
machine type operation.

PRINCIPLE FOR LAYMAN UNDERSTANDING ONLY :

Assume the crop field is a giant piece of paper in a xerox machine, and the
grain stalks are the carbon grains.  Xerox machines operate by laying down a
static charge, with projected light and shadows causing a gradient between
charged and uncharged regions of the paper.  Carbon powder is attracted to the
highly charged shadowed portions of the paper, causing the light pattern from
the original to be transferred to the copy paper.

If a sufficient electrostatic charge were passed over the field with a
long,narrow electrode, circles and squares could be produced in the grain.
Perhaps a diffuse, low-gradient charge could be put into the whole field and
then a high-gradient charge swept across the-field, which would cause the the
grain stems to be charged for a few-milliseconds (before the charge could
dissipate entirely to the air or down the stem).  The static charge on the grain
stems would pull the plants toward the oppositely-charged earth underneath,
gently bending them.

Imagine how your hair stands on end when sitting on a Tesla coil, and
then*reversing* the process, to cause the hair to flatten out on the scalp, but
in patterns.) This would, of course, require a large amount of very high
voltage, which might, is eminently possible with high-end Star-Wars-type
hardware.




Nikola Tesla, had met Indian Mystic Vivekananda - one of the greatest
spiritualists of Hinduism. The Indian Swami offered him a treasure trove of
Vedic wisdom about energy and matter--- about the ZERO POINT FIELD-- or Akasha.

He explained that the empty space between whirling atoms is where the free and
endless power lies. It is because of use of such Sanskrit words , the Vatican
got pissed off and caused Tesla to be buried in History.

Lynn Mc Taggart has written a book THE FIELD on this-- yet she had zilch idea
that all this was lifted from 6000 year old vedic wisdom.

The basic concept of a scalar weapon opposes two powerful scalar waves against
each other, creating a hypothetical standing wave resulting in  a scalar bubble
between them.

By controlling the strength and location of this scalar bubble in space, it can
superheat the target area , thus vaporizing the atmosphere itself.



An enemy could theoretically enclose New York City within a giant scalar bubble,
flashing it into oblivion.



It was a scalar accident that caused the Chernobyl disaster.  Time  is actually
compressed energy, by the same factor by which matter is considered compressed
energy: the speed-of-light-squared! So E= t c2  (where t is "delta-t," or change
in time).

CROP CIRCLES ARE JUST AN INDICATION THAT WORLD WAR 3 WILL BE FOUGHT BY ADVANCED
VERSIONS OF THE TESLA HOWITZER WHICH PULVERISED TUNGUSKA 100 YEARS AGO--

--FLATTENING 95 MILLION GROWN UP TREES AND DECIMATING 2500 SQ KILOMETERS OF
--FOREST

WITH 3000 TIMES MORE POWER THAN THE HIROSHIMA BOMB --

AND MORE POWER THAN THE TSAR BOMBA THE GREATEST NUCLEAR WEAPON EVER DETONATED..

YES--

TUNGUSKA HAD THE FIRST CROP CIRCLE.


9000 YEAR OLD INDIAN HINDU SYMBOL --KUNDALINI CROP CIRCLE:-



11000 YEAR OLD INDIAN HINDU SYMBOL  AUM CROP CIRCLE:





If you see this OM or AUM symbol in a mirror it becomes the Islamic holy number
786 ( in Devnagiri script )-- which is seen on every Koran --and nobody knows
what it means. Islam is only 1600 years old.

11000 YEAR OLD INDIAN VEDIC HINDU SYMBOL -- SRI YANTRA (CROP CIRCLE):




The lines are 13.3 miles long, and 9 inches wide  on a wet mud lake bed -- photo
taken by USAF aircraft from Idaho base.  The diagram is too complex and
geometrical --  IMPOSSIBLE to be drawn by men as a hoax.  Two bumpkins with
muddy shoes were doing propaganda the next day saying that they did it.   But
when told to make it on a A4 size piece of paper , taking the whole month
instead of just one night , they came a cropper.

Out of 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and four point upwards. All
triple intersections meet at the same point. The vertices of the largest
triangles fall on the circumference of the enclosing circle. Except for the two
biggest triangles, all apexes touch the base of another triangle. The central
triangle facing downwards must be equilateral and holds the Bindu of the
holistic pyramid . The Bindu is also the centre of the circle . The 3 lines
intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva and shakti
qualities making the magic number 108..




 

Hundreds of tonnes of wet mud had to be disposed off somewhere-- if it is man
made without creating tyre marks or footprints! THE SRI YANTRA GEOMETRY CONTAINS
THE ELUSIVE  " THEORY OF EVERY THING ".

IT CONTAINS THE MACROSCOPIC . MOLECULAR, ATOMIC, AND SUBATOMIC LEVELS.
MENDELEYEV'S PERIODIC TABLE IS INCLUDED--ALL BASED ON THE MAGIC NUMBER 108.


Sri Yantra is the chariot of ascension for transporting consciousness to higher
dimensions. The Sri Yantra’s 3 dimensional geometrical pattern contains the
elusive Theory Of Everthing ( TOE ) which interlinks gravity and antigravity to
the other fundamental forces of nature.

This cosmic consciousness pranic diagram contains the ultimate periodical table
of elements and E8 root structure which is inclusive of the double helix DNA ,
quarks, anti-quarks, leptons, neutrinos, excitons, plasmons , solitons ,mesons,
hadrons, gluons, W-bosons, nuclear forces , scalar waves , akashic torsion field
records , dark energy, time, space etc.

The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and
contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes.
The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through
hyperspace.

Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the
Indian Sri Yantra ( which contains the TOE ) based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was
drawn in 8000 BC --see video below.
********************************************************************************
OLD SEA DOG -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL THE OLD SEA DOG-- SELF INTRODUCTION-- CAPT
AJIT VADAKAYIL




THEY SAY I AM---

the hardcore hindoostani the also ran with sea spent eyes the universal water
seeking your level your turning glance the amplified belch the clitoral image
the anne french in your shampoo the moron within the genius the ball of fire
which oceans cannot quench the hue of endless night the blood from your mind’s
vein your heart wrung tear the great goddamn weep the wound in your body which
wont show the ultimate cathartic the mask of medusa the slave who makes ceaser
jealous what you see in him the enduring sea legend the hefty shoulder on all
your wheels your substitute for thought the eloquent eyebrow the off spring of
his own thoughts where mystery and knowledge collide patton at sea the last
Columbus

---ONLY I KNOW WHO I YAM !



This is what i yam--

i take my own sunshine wherever i go.

i love to bust 'em cloning tubes and stereotype moulds

my hardest task master is my own conscience

for me each moment is freshly minted

i am the master of my will and slave of my conscience

i pity all those who sweat the small stuff

i light tomorrow with today like the quintessential chain smoker

i have no qualms in discarding a shoe that does not fit

i hardy care for chess board logic

i enjoy shattering the matrix, by thinking free

i don’t care for mob fuckin' mentality

i don’t  care for tilted playing fields

i am not perfect, but my team usually is—i love to stand at the pivot— they call
me the point man .

i judge people more by their questions than by their answers

i respect the past—but i don’t worship it

as a leader i exempt my creative geese from the military flight formation.

i believe leadership is of spirit and management is of mind.

i like to head a team that is run on trust , not control.

i don’t keep my sundials in the shade or tape the beaks of my talkin' parrots

i am the one who is not scared of 'em long knifes. i am proud of all mE scars.

i love to convert flight to fight-- allow 'em a  firm grip on my scruff --
suddenly shout BOOO and watch the dismay --.

i get my kicks by stepping outside my comfort zone.

i do hold the wisdom of not  catching a tiger by the tail to know more about it

i don’t win battles at the expense of losing the war.

i embrace storms for it makes me take deeper roots.

i forge the hinges of my destiny on my own terms



my favourite proverb:-- only when the last tree has died and the last river has
been poisoned and the last fish been caught will we realise we cannot eat money.
- cree indian proverb



LOVE ME ---DAMN ME -OR FLAUNT ME-


I YAM WHAT I YAM ( that is one in the eye of the those who like to say mallus
put a Y everywhere )





Below: Pirates of the Caribbean  theme party.- all with bandanas and eye patches
and hand hooks and leg stumps.





My T shirt logos:--


SELF CONTROL OFTEN GETS THE BETTER OF ME

ANYONE ELSE WANTS SOME MORE?

LOOKS I MISSED THE PARTY?

IS THAT YOUR BEST?

JOHN GALT GETS ON MY WRONG SIDE ONCE TOO OFTEN

SEEMS TO ME A GOOD TIME TO MOVE ON

I LOOK FORWARD TO MORE CULTURED SURROUNDINGS

I’VE BEEN TO WORSE PLACES THAN THIS

YOU BLEED BETTER THAN YOU SHOOT

DON’T SERMON TOO MUCH WHEN I AM AROUND

IS THAT SUPPOSED TO LET ME OFF THE HOOK?

IF YOU ARE BROKE YOU NEED TO TAKE YOUR ASS ELSEWHERE

I DON’T HAVE THE TIME FOR THIS CRAP TODAY

OH REALLY? WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN SO QUIET AND ALL THAT?

I WAS BORN INTELLIGENT—EDUCATION RUINED ME

I USED TO BE INDECISIVE –NOW I AINT TOO SURE

CAREFUL DUDE—LEST I START AN ICE AGE TO MAKE YOU CHILL

EVERYONE HAS SECRETS BUT ME

MUST REACH ESCAPE VELOCITY BEFORE I TELEPORT

WANNA BUCKLE SOME SWASH?

CHANGE ME DIAPER?—DUDE I AM 54 YEARS OLD

CHECK THIS OUT DUDES---SPRROING!

COVER UP BEFORE MY PURITY

GUARANTEED TO MAKE YOU WISER—OR YOUR MONEY BACK

GOT A SPECK OF ASTEROID IN ME EYE

CATCH ME DRIFT?

OH YEAH? I AM HERE TO PROCLAIM THE DAWN OF A NEW ERA

TODAY MY BRAIN IS TICKLISH

WANNA ANALYSE MY ARMOURY ERE YOU SEND YOUR DECOY?

EVEN MAKING ME NOD IN AGREEMENT CAN BE FATAL FOR YOU –DUDE!

I CAN TASTE FEAR!

TIME TO MOVE ON—SO MUCH TRASH TO FIND

TOOL BOOTH OPERATOR ON YOUR HIGHWAY OF DESPAIR

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN—HULLO AND GOOD BYE!

IF YOU DON’T KNEEL BEFORE MY WRATH—YOU WILL CERTAINLY ,AFTER IT.

100 TRILLION CALCULATIONS PER SECOND—ON HOW TO KICK PRIME BUTT HERE
********************************************************************************
BLUE OCEAN LEADERSHIP-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




BLUE OCEAN LEADERSHIP-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

“You cant sail her with just 2 men. You’ll never get out of the harbour!” Son,
“I’m Captain Jack Sparrow, savvy?”

--- Johnny Depp ( cool dude adventurer) in Pirates of the Caribbean.


Great achievers are rarely realistic by other peoples standards for they see
problems as valuable feedback to help them steer a better course. It is your
belief about your own capabilities , which force you to try on not to try . The
comfort zone is a great enemy for courage and confidence. Set high goals and
standards for yourself. Completely unrealistic goals however are a form of self
delusion. Only a fool will try and delude himself into success.

Often my critics and my well wishers ask me why I self inflict and keep the
Sword of Damocles dangling all the time over me . I tell them – it is mE style.

Here is the secret--

Insecurity or the sword of Damocles is the chief propulsive power in this world.
Some mavericks, like you know who-- welcome a certain amount of frustration as a
challenge—it gives them a kick to overcome it. Treat a quickened pulse caused by
adrenaline rush as an ally –and not as an enemy. You have the power now to
convert fear into excitement, flight to fight.

When people gun for them it gives a chance to prove themselves . Tactical anger
has more to do than what meets the eye. You can now do things you would not have
done normally. Some people need to feel angry in order to create enough leverage
on themselves to make a change. Too little stress may be as harmful as too much
stress, especially when you want to get a task done. Some stress or stimulation
is needed for optimum performance—this is termed positive stress response PSR.
Optimum stimulation causes creativity and change. Performance rises as stress
increases. Once a optimum point is crossed however, increasing stress impairs
judgement and alertness and performance falls off. Too much stress causes panic
and feeling of inability to cope.

Among all my mentoring pieces —this is the only one I am fully qualified to
write. Leader ship is an art which you practice, or it just remains a notion
frustrating you with its elusiveness and tantalizing you with its possibilities.
It is not a concept, it is something you do. A lawyer practices law, a doctor
practices medicine, a cook practices cooking—same way a leader practices
leadership.

Leadership is not what you learn in management schools and books . Most such
books are written by unqualified whiz kids, who consider a map more important
than the terrain. They have never been higher than the base camp at the
Himalayas—but have written several books on how to conquer the Everest. Yeah,
sure!  Edmund Hillary had got drunk over a few bottles of beer and given them a
scoop on a platter— sure, we believe that. Just as a champion bridge player does
not emerge from a single session at the table, effective leadership simply does
not happen without practice. You have to know what to hold and what to discard,
when.

Hmmm! So what are my qualifications ---- I am from the land of thinkers, I have
more than 6400 days of actual command on board merchant ships—24 hours of
contextual leadership in every of those 6400 days . Very few souls on this
planet have this type of quality/ quantity leadership-hour exposure. ( yeah!
this is a bit like crane hook hours you fill on the cargo work abstract ! tee
hee! )

People who have sailed with me will cry—“Capt Vadakayil never practiced a dang
word of what he has written here ”. They are absolutely right. My maverick style
has always been based on humor and the awe factor ( yeah, 16 kilo dumbbells were
part of inducing this factor ).

This way I could kick the beehive, and the bees instead of stinging me to death
, willingly parted with their piggy bank honey. They stole from other hives and
gave me that too. But that does not mean I did not know what it takes . The
clown of the trapeze show is usually the most versatile of the entire lot. Don’t
let his clumsiness fool you.

Now a ship’s captain is not like the one size fits all , 9 to 5 shore company
boss who operates in secure surroundings and will take bed rest if he feels
queasy in the morning . This one trick pony’s life is never at risk, when he has
a security problem he uses his chair power ---there is a department to deal with
it, if one of his team has a accident-- there is a specialist doctor available,
if his faucet leaks-- he calls the plumber, if one of his managers gets run over
by a truck when crossing the road to office , he is not hauled over the burning
embers for not training the manager how to cross the road properly with a log
entry authenticating the solemn deed.

In short a “one size fits all” shore company CEO is not a 24 hour father figure.
He rarely gets the opportunity to practice emotional or contextual leadership
like a ships captain ,where he got to juggle diverse hats—doctor, lawyer, judge
, policeman, plumber, cook, barber, tailor, head shrink, journalist, politician,
conciliator, party organizer, coach, diplomat, savior, plumber, engineer,
metallurgist, referee, soldier without licence to kill  —you name it.

This jack of all trades changes hats every few steps based on the context,
culture , setting , direct/ indirect cues that demand a particular style of
leadership—where relevance, urgency and potential , relative to the need of his
crew are dynamically assessed.

Contextual leadership does not seek to transcend the individual. A ship’s crew
is usually made up of individuals from a wide variety of backgrounds, ages,
education, ethnicity, experience, and culture. You are responsible for a whole
gang not so bright or brain dead that you did not pick, whom you cant smack or
sack –you are expected to accommodate them for the entire 4 month contract. Even
if you get united nations good players , getting them to play together is the
hard part..

The captain is often faced with a rapidly changing business environment, a
single leadership style like a company manager cannot be expected to be
effective with every person, or in every situation. The best leadership style is
"the style that works". Here you take into account all the forces in the
situation or “the context”. It could be rough seas. How do you integrate these
forces so you can select the style that is most effective, the one that produces
the best outcome for the company, the charterer,, the crew, the weather and the
situation . The context determines your next move.

You have an idea of a contextual “ flammability composition graph” which is used
on board tankers to keep away from the explosion cup ? Knowing the
characteristics of each context is the beginning of deciphering the mysteries of
leadership . How you lead depends on Who, What, Where, and When you lead. You
must know how to adapt or change your leadership approach as the conditions
evolve and maturity levels.

Success in one realm does not always translate into success in another. Indeed,
superintendents relying on obsolete management school powered past models of
success without being sensitive to the context of the situation , and ignoring
the dynamic needs to choose afresh , has often caused disaster at sea.

This piece is about futuristic blue ocean leadership. The land lubbers can use
this too as it is tailored for their use—they can call it blue sky leadership
and feel comfortable. Here you don’t have to be grey or dull or boring—you can
be exciting, adventurous, innovative—whatever you decide to be, you must be
consistent. No one else knows that you can work miracles—but you know you can do
it , deep down—and that is what is important.

A good leader has the technique to get extra ordinary performance from ordinary
people. He can take his team to places they would not have gone by themselves .
He will reinvent his industry instead of just simply trying to lead it. He is
capable of generating good solutions for difficult problems. He will not give up
easily and can recover quickly when faced with setbacks. He can understand ,
accept and is sensitive to individual differences. He prevents his team from
stagnating and losing touch with reality. He stands at the teams point of
balance. He is aware of his teams pulse and emotional undercurrents. He is
consistent, fair, upright, no-bull kind of leader , treats everyone with dignity
and can listen. He can understand his employers perspective. That is why he
wears the mystique and the style —the air of power , honour and dignity , and he
is trusted and respected.

On board my ship , every month end there is a meeting with everybody sharing a
failure ( near miss/ incident/ hazard ) --- to find out what people have to
offer, to allow them to contribute the valuable experience they have collected
from other experiences and companies, to involve the entire team in problem
identification , goal setting, to develop an action plan, and to evaluate own
their work. Based on such meetings I usually have the crew list marked
with—competent, committed, architect, mason—so that a effective threesome or
foursome team can be made. A Big Moose/ Dilton team is more effective with the
menacing beach bums than 2 Diltons or 2 Mooses.

Management that perceives order as its mission and chaos as the enemy will
totally miss the opportunities present when the established structures fall
away, allowing for the creation of new and more appropriate ones. Einstein
said—you can never solve a problem with the same kind of thinking that created
the problem in the first place . After the Kobe earth quake—the Japanese still
did not learn their lessons—they still made top heavy houses on stilts with
paper walls.

Annual seminars give each employee the unique opportunity to take a high level
look at the company and its direction—thus encouraging every one to spend a
couple of days living and thinking like the CEO. Employees could then examine
their own challenges from a different perspective and encourage each other to be
more creative and innovative. This is very different from our own EMS seminars
which is more like a collective bargaining agreement ,free for all, with vested
interests rubbing their hands in anticipation from the sidelines , for the
fallout spoils.

Innovation involves tangential lateral thinking, approaching tasks from
unexpected angles, challenging assumptions, irreverence to consensual views,
lack of respect for past custom , rocking the boat and challenging rules.
Innovations initially tend to be less efficient that existing methods.

Management as taught in prestigious management schools and practiced currently
worldwide is a science. Inventories can be managed, people must be led-by
example. There can be no bad soldiers under a good general who exudes confidence
and can never break into a sweat. .. Leadership strives to accomplish change,
whereas management focuses on maintaining equilibrium while achieving results
using the late working drones and the worker ants. A manager has to manage
processes rather than people for people can manage themselves if you let them..

Leaders think for the great using imagination and intuitive powers. Managers
with analytical , number crunching monkeys riding their backs , just stereo
type, working for the good. The biggest enemy of great is good. Once you have a
good enough solution, it takes a lot of effort and courage and brainpower to
look for even better ways.

A managers job is to create stability and deal with reality. A leaders job is to
stir emotion and set audacious , grandiose goals that shake the status quo.
Management uses an explicit set of tools and techniques, based on reasoning and
testing, that can apply to a variety of situations. Leadership has fewer
explicit tools. Too much management and you stagnate. Too much leadership and
trend setting , and you get nowhere. Embrace the challenge of striking the
balance.

Many managers follow the notion of busy fools and confuse hard work with long
hours. They feel they must be bloody good if they push the mouse 16 hours a day.
Management is more formal and scientific than leadership. It relies on
foundation skills such as planning and controlling. Leadership requires
eliciting teamwork and motivating people.

A leader makes frequent use of his or her imagination and creative problem-
solving techniques to bring about change. A manager tends to make frequent use
of standard, well-established solutions to problems.

A leader frequently displays enthusiasm, passion, and inspiration to get others
to attain high levels of performance. Managing involves less outward emotion and
a more conservative demeanor to achieve goals once they are defined.

Many managers mistake task assignment for delegating. Task assignment is just a
routine work which is autocratically demanded and seen by the employee as a
burden. Here the main focus is action. Delegation produces growth, must be
negotiated as it could be misunderstood and it requires commitment. The
leadership style here is laissez-faire. The things the leader knows the best is
delegated. By delegating he shares his knowledge. He gives people the
opportunity for broader experiences. He will get his employees to volunteer
themselves and not wait for someone to discover how great he really is.

Rely strongly on intuition and think out of the box when solving problems. Take
pride in your ability to generate alternate solutions. There is a better way to
do things than what has been done in the past. Have a child like approach—not
caring what others think. See a problem from all perspectives and do upside down
thinking. Permit others to tear down your ideas and so that you may rebuild it .
Have the strength of character to battle entrenched resistance to change. I was
witness to such spirited resistance at leaderless Trogir shipyard where I stayed
6 weeks for delivery of chemical tanker Siteam Explorer. The management could
not even make the yard workers wear helmets—that says it all.

Practise tip of the iceberg thinking. Treat every unexpected event as an
indication of a trend. Rethink means turning the problems you face on its head
or approaching it backwards. It could mean challenging all fundamental
assumptions. Intuition is an accelerated form of thinking where the disparate
parts of a problem suddenly snaps into place like the pieces of a jigsaw—the
answer just feels right. Rethink could mean pull instead of push.

Richard Branson had come to the campus of Delhi IIT in the third week of Jan
2008 , with the British PM for a tete e tete with the students. He was the first
in the world to apply futuristic open page thinking by hiring people who did not
have a background in the airline industry— all of them Virgin ( now don’t ask me
if that is literal for the British air hostesses tee hee !! ) , except the
pilots.

The MD of Univan had applied this 16 years back when he employed a ordinary
lawyer as the head of Safety Dept ( the man turned out to be overbearing and
overwrought –that is another story ). Vroon Breskens had employed a land lubbing
management guru as their technical director 12 years back—he would not know the
difference between a cast and a die or port from starboard —but he did have the
ability to pull the lens back.

Leadership as it used to be is no longer appropriate. Leadership as command and
control is defeated even before it starts by the chaotic conditions of our
times. In our times of huge change the leader is not in control over the normal
levers of power.

Leadership is like shining a torch beam –you need to know where to shine it and
for how long. You shine it in the wrong place or at the wrong time you put the
adventure at peril and lose respect. Imagine a scenario where you are the leader
of a school bus load of boy scouts and girl guides—you are trying to reach
safety after a picnic and your bus breaks down in a dark forest before an
impending storm. You have a torch which you have to put to optimum use before
the batteries run out.. This calls for anticipation and intuition.

Decide what is right before you decide what is possible. If every possible
obstacle must first be overcome, nothing will ever get done. Make firm decisions
about the things you want—burn your mental bridges behind you. Over concern for
the approval of others can paralyse you ability to take effective action.

Good leaders must have emotional vocabulary. Words are triggering devices to
instantly heighten or lower emotions . Have you ever been deeply moved by a
great communicator. On the walls of my old school was posted the great letter by
Abraham Lincoln to a school teacher —on how to mould his son-- I have yet to see
someone who was not deeply moved by this great piece of communication. Why don’t
you read this para and check out if you feel touched? Caution: the brain dead
must stay away.

Quote— Try to give my son the strength not to follow the crowd when everyone is
getting on the bandwagon... In school, teach him it is far more honorable to
fail than to cheat..... Teach to have faith in his own ideas, even if everyone
tells him he is wrong. Teach him to be gentle with gentle people and tough with
the tough. Teach him to listen to all men; but teach him also to filter all he
hears on a screen of truth, and take only the good that comes through. Teach
him, if you can, how to laugh when he is sad... Teach him there is no shame in
tears. Teach him to scoff at cynics and to be beware of too much sweetness..
Teach him to sell his brawn and brain to highest bidders, but never to put a
price on his heart and soul. Teach him to close his ears to a howling mob.. and
stand and fight if thinks he is right. He will have to learn, I know, that all
men are not just and are not true. But teach him if you can, the wonder of
books.. but also give him quiet time to ponder the eternal mystery of birds in
the sky, bees in the sun and flowers on a green hillside. Treat him gently, but
do not cuddle him, because only the test of fire makes fine steel. Let him have
the courage to be impatient.. Let him have the patience to be brave. Teach him
always to have sublime faith in himself, because then he will have faith in
humankind. This is a big order, but see what you can do. . He is such a fine
little fellow my son! - Abraham Lincoln"--- Unquote

Words have the power to start wars or create peace. People with impoverished
vocabularies do not have the multi hued palette of colours to paint their life’s
experiences for them selves or for others. Leadership requires first and
foremost excellent communication skills combined with listening skills. That is
how context and cultural sensitivities are sensed and converted in suggestions
and actions

Intuitive transition management might be deemed by conventional wisdom and
number crunchers as beyond the edge of the frivolous. Imagination plus a sense
of wonder creates vision from which futures are made.

A vision is an idealized scenario of the future of an organization—a goal that
entices people to work toward a rosy future. A leader creates the vision and a
strategy to reach the vision; a manager uses a set of skills to work toward
achieving the vision

Now, vision is not a policy statement or the product of a committee. Vision
emerges from the depths. It has a lot to do with the powers of intuition and the
operation of the RH side of the brain. Einstein apparently heard his visions as
music which he later translated into mathematics.

Visionaries are driven people. They see things that others do not see , march to
a different drummer, play by new rules. They tend to be strange and difficult to
get along with. If visionaries are compulsive they are also frustrating, for
they tend to talk in repetitive circles, like you know who-- struggling to bring
their object of awareness into focus. Their compulsions give them the appearance
of certainty. Their lack of clarity often make them an object of scorn. An
example of a visionary was Da Vinci who was centuries ahead of his time. Your
vision is the blue print of your achievements. Don’t let vision be a mirage, or
an unrealistic pie in the sky thinking.

Some managers feel threatened if others do not fit in to their stereotype mould.
They do not understand that every human being is different and dictated to by
his own will and heart and mind. Generally, less experienced or insecure
managers will tend to lean on the more authoritarian types of leadership because
they desire the title of leader to bolster their self-esteem, and they lack
confidence in their skills. Talented, mature leaders employ the most appropriate
style based on the context. Through all leadership situations, you must find a
style of leadership most suited to the occasion that balances your own maturity
and capabilities and the group's maturity and ability.

Emergency situations do not lend themselves to consultation or delegation or for
a show of hands like in the Lok Sabha.

Marine engineers who move up to shore management often face an adjustment period
that involves adopting a whole new skill- and mindset. They must let go of their
affinity for hard numbers and straightforward answers, and learn to embrace
ambiguity. " In management, there's no right or wrong," --There are only
effective answers.

Management deals with ambiguity, with situations where answers don't exist in a
right-and-wrong structure. I believe management is a whole new career for tunnel
visioned marine engineers.

Thinking is nothing but the process of asking and answering questions. What
drives our behavior however is -- gut reactions , neuro-associations linked to
pain and pleasure —not intellectual calculations. To create a new behavior you
have to simply rewire yourself. All decisions are driven by your unconscious
desire to achieve pleasure values and avoid your pain values. All are pushed by
one value and pulled back my another. Decision making is nothing but values
clarification. We all have a miniature court system set up in our brains . Our
personal rules are the ultimate judge and jury. Next time you get upset with
somebody –remember—you are not upset with that person. You are reacting to your
own rules for the situation. Use this pattern interruptus ( no—it is not like
coitus interruptus tee hee!! ) to refocus on how to communicate in a better
fashion, to avoid conflict.


HARD TRUTHS to forge the BOL mindset.--

Debates rarely progress beyond thesis and anti thesis. The usual effect is to
leave each side more deeply entrenched in their original position. On the
contrary ,when you brainstorm what remains at the end is wisdom.

There is no training course or book for the unwritten rules, that make you a
good leader.

Each person has two sides to his personality—the analytical and the intuitive.

Thinkers learn to trust the latter.

Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.

Good behavior is the last refuge of mediocrity. Check out the well behaved , non
controversial , Rosgolla sweet guys around you and see how good they are!

There is always magic in the first attempt. IAS gold medalist-- 3rd attempt ,
hardly has a sheen.

For a man who has no idea whether he is sailing Ganga bajoo or Jamuna bajoo—no
wind is the right wind.

Rather be saved by criticism than be ruined by praise.

When all is lost the future still remains.

May a true word is said in jest.

Credibility stems from what you do—not what you say.

The wheel that squeaks gets the grease. Another school of thought--The wheel
that squeaks the loudest before a long journey gets replaced.

Unless you value yourself you will not value your time.

A weak mind is like a microscope which magnifies trifling things –but just
cannot receive the great ones.

The stupid are always cock sure- it is the intelligent ones who are full of
doubt.

Creative minds have been known to survive all bad training and bad company..

Only when it is dark enough , you can see the stars. An engineer can prove his
mettle only when his machinery breaks down.

It is all right if somebody lets go once in a while –as long as he can get
himself back.

People with self esteem are usually cheerful –yes!

Failure is often the result of neglecting to make that call – or to go that
extra mile.

Gifted men need to be challenged constantly in order to excel.

Most problems well defined are already half solved.

Unhappiness is very often nothing but a bad habit.

If a man does only what is required of him he is a slave—the moment he does more
he is a free man.

There are two kinds of discontent in this world—one that works and the other
that wrings its hands. There is no cure for the first type, but success—there is
no cure at all for the second.

Knowledge is power only when it is put into action ( the old proverb need to be
amended )—if you do not use knowledge , it remains potential power only.

A lot of us see—very few observe. Most sleepwalk through life without paying any
attention to the infinite possibilities around.

Courtesy is the lubricant of society. Probably this should be mE resolution for
2009--. to be courteous when I feel like bloodying some jack ass’s nose.

The absence of fear is either the lack of imagination of intelligence or of the
will to live. Fear however is a good creative force.

All great thinkers and inventors were ridiculed at first. It is a human failing
to deride new ideas or efforts. The thing to do is to laugh at the scoffers and
go right ahead and do what you feel is right.

Business is an intuitive activity involving hunches and gut feeling. Computers
can NEVER be business leaders.

For dreams to mature they need a period of incubation. Leave them in the attic
of your mind for too long , and mould gathers. Bring them out in the open too
soon they get evaporate.

Creativity requires a challenge.

Watch out for minions for whom pleasing a superior can become more important
than campaigning for or doing the things he believes is right for the
organization.

It is great to find at work an outlet for skills and abilities beyond those for
which one was explicitly hired.

When a problem crops up again and again—it means the root cause is hidden, and
you have to dig deeper.

Drive for consensus and fear of conflict drives the company towards mediocrity.

People are the way they are today due to their upbringing, culture, past
experience and financial status.

Chaos is our constant companion in these times of change. Eliminating chaos is
tantamount to eliminating life.

What you cannot comprehend---you cannot predict.

Mentors are meant to open the doors of your mind rather than giving free advice.

The mindless optimist is the fellow who falls from the 80th story of a
skyscraper and as he passes the 50th floor cry with self satisfaction—so far so
good.

The most fulfilled people are those who have dissolved the boundaries between
work , love and play.

People who say that something cannot be done should not interrupt those who are
doing it. Those who are not lighting any candles should not bitch about the
dark.

Dream big , for only big dreams have the power to move your spirit.

Your mind is like a muscle –the more you use it, the more powerful it becomes.

Self confidence requires high levels of health and energy.

It is not what happens to you but how you respond to what happens to you that
determines how you feel.

Life is too short to waste a minute doing a job you don’t like or care about.

Confidence also comes from being prepared to walk away from a bad situation.

Learn from experts. You will not live long enough to figure it all out.

Any idea or thought that you accept as true will be accepted as a command by
your subconscious mind.

The cold and hard north wind made the Vikings.

Forgiveness is a perfectly selfish act. It sets you free from the past.

Courtesies of a small and trivial character are the ones which strike deepest in
the grateful appreciating heart.

The illiterate of the next century will not be those who do not know how to read
and write—but those who cannot unlearn and relearn.

Sure formula for failure is to try and please everybody.

If you fear competition what you really fear is your own incompetence.

When goals are exciting they ignite your passion . Passion unexpressed by your
emotional muscles, simply dissipates.

Know the strengths and weaknesses of your team, or you will be forever trying to
shove round pegs into square holes and vice versa.

Man’s mind when stretched by a new idea never goes back to its original
dimensions.

Change is our greatest ally. The kind of thinking that brought us where we are
will NOT get us where we want to go.

All great salesmen have one thing in common—enthusiasm for their product.

Some people show greater interest in work than getting paid for work. People who
make a difference are always the ones with the concern – not with the
credentials.

Commitment to a higher standard compels you to act.

If the map and the terrain differs , the terrain counts. The map is just a
means—like the budget.

Stories produce better change than dry abstractions. Stories convey beliefs and
get hardwired into our brain networks—they tap into ways of intuitively
understanding the subtle currents that flow through our lives.

Hurt comes from a feeling of loss, which is mostly illusionary.

In order to have a true perspective of one’s importance, keep a cat as a pet
that will ignore you royally and a dog that will worship you. You will soon
learn not to intimidate or get even with your cat or score brownie points.

Moaning is unproductive and it achieves nothing. It make you a magnet for other
moaners ( the laws of magnetism fail here ). Cheerful and positive people
attract likewise.

The worst use of time is to do extremely well what need not be done at all.
Usually this is what people do to make up for their own lack of competence. I
remember once taking over from a Master with a KGB mindset who has the most
perfect filing system on this planet—it contained 99% information and stuff
which could never be used in the future—sheer waste of paper and time.

Reward extraordinary efforts. Do you remember how great it felt when you got an
unexpected bonus at work the last time. If you feed a dolphin every time it
jumps and start an uninspired pattern—very soon it wont jump unless you feed it
first.

This is how the unionized Calcutta crew of SCI ships got rotten to the core—no
OT, no work. The solution is to give rewards spontaneously. The feeling of being
uncertain whether you will be rewarded or not excites the nervous system,
increasing the intensity of pleasure when rewarded. To learn more—ask a
compulsive gambler , who has been gambling away non stop for 12 hours , about
this high which addicts. The dolphin thus jumps high because of the exciting
possibility of a juicy reward.

Use negative emotions as a call to action. The best time to use a negative
emotion is when you begin to feel it. –kill the monster when it is still tiny,
before it can go out of proportion. Your brain gives you emotions of fear and
anxiety as a call for preparedness for what may occur in the near future..
Cultivate an attitude of positive expectancy about future events. Treat
frustration as your friend. Guilt tells you that you have violated your own
standard—so don’t wallow in it—do something to prevent you from violating you
own high standard.

A common denominator among successful leaders is that they consistently make
superior evaluations and so can anticipate better than others. They can use
foresight to place themselves in the best position for scoring, and seize the
moment ( even the infamous hand of god !) -- like Maradona.

To learn about systematization watch a good cook in a popular short order Udipi
restaurant in Mumbai at rush lunch hour. Every move he makes is for a definite
purpose. All his ingredients are within easy reach. The most used ones are
closest to him. He is so familiar with their positions that he need not look
when he reaches out for them—just like the car clutch, brake and accelerator. He
puts in every ingredient in at the right time so that nothing is under cooked or
over cooked, he has so many hot plates running simultaneously.

A Creative thinker like to see lots of sky and an extensive beautiful view,
rather than sit in a stationary locker without windows. The creative process is
aided by by walking on open ground—if the eyes can see far , the mind can reach
out. On a walk he will let his brain idle—it allows slower brain waves where
connection happens. Though the brain is just a small part of the body weight, it
consumes a quarter of the fuel that is essential for problem solving. Thinkers
must have an informal work climate. Knowing how to communicate to innovators
whose style is alien to yours is important.

If you put your ships crew in a trashy environment,they will trash it even
further—but if you put them in a beautiful environment with uplifting images
which fires their imagination they will preserve it and feel more at ease with
themselves.

To cultivate your inner garden spend more time with positive uplifting people
with wit and interesting perceptions. There is beauty in thinking for ourselves
and not accepting someone else’s mediocre standards.

If you are tackling a topic that requires a fresh study, best is to drown
yourself in it for an hour without consciously force searching for solutions.
Blue thinking means suspending your judgement which tend to be clouded by past
and limiting experiences.

A good leader will even retrain his parents ,who cannot relinquish their old
dominance, to communicate with him on an adult to adult basis , and avoid being
manipulated by guilt traps.

A soft answer turneth away wrath. Let not the sun go down on your own wrath.
Geniuses do not wait for an idea to interrupt them—they actively seek them out.
They can adapt themselves to anything by making the right demands upon
themselves incrementally.

When people do the extra mile beyond the call of duty praise is due on the
spot—not one week later. Failure to give praise may cause them to stop doing
this.

The number one demotivator in the world of work is not knowing what is
expected—where to put the fulcrum on the quality /quantity lever.

Eliminate worry by identifying the worst possible outcome of every situation.
This means risk assessment forms we use are are stress busters. Analyse each
situation by asking what is the worst case scenario that could happen and then
use the T4 principle to eliminate it

SOME DO’S

You must have your principles and there must be a line beyond which you will not
go. Let no member of your team come to you without leaving better and happier.

Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers. Learn ability is the
ability to extract generic inferences from specific instances and using them in
new unstructured situations.

Sometimes you cannot control the events in your life but you can always control
your response to them. Do not expend energy on an approach that is
useless—flexibility gives you the power to create a new approach— if this is
construed as shifting goal posts in the middle of a match –so be it. Flexibility
is an attitude. If there is one sure thing to guarantee success—it is the
ability to change your approach

Use judgement and discretion—there are times when the exact truth and truth
finding exercises are unnecessary.

When there is a problem go out and act—do just sit there too frightened to move
–do something.

New ideas come from differences, from having different perspectives and
juxtaposing different theories. Allow yourself to be unsane , untrapped in your
every day sense of sanity to experience things you have unconsciously kept
yourself away from. Professional growth is an extraordinarily high need. Support
and give some political cushioning when warranted. Provide flexible working
hours.

Provide your team with the necessary equipment -- get them the best broadband or
the latest Windows Vista.

At meetings , a period of social interaction before getting down to business can
encourage a relaxed atmosphere and establish team spirit. You can show that you
are interested in somebody as a person , not just as a co worker or boss.

At meetings look for areas where different views dove tail and can reach an
amicable solution. When the going gets tough avoid staring—keep your gaze
withing the imaginary triangle produced by the brows and nose.—and make your
body language work for you. Where the message is important increase direct eye
contact. Look for grimace body language signs which indicate that you have waxed
lyrical for too long.

Motivate your team to go that extra distance. Work on your ability to take the
complex and make it simple. Maximize limited resources. ( does it sound a little
like our own infamous “ we maximize your earning potential “ which the
shipchandlers and workshops followed to the T --tee hee!!) .

Seize the moment . Know what to do well in advance. Avoid the tendency to snatch
back previously delegated work. Shifting priorities, new deadlines and
conflicting signals may tempt leaders to snatch back.

Keep abreast with technical developments and be willing to commit. Make quick
decisions.

Focus your attention on the immediate needs of your crew. Personally sacrifice
for the common good in times of extreme crisis.

Convey the behavior and levels of performance that will be considered
unacceptable, acceptable or exemplary within the team..

Rely on intuition and judgement in dealing with attitudes, biases, perceptions,
emotions and feelings. Don’t set arbitrary policies without consulting those
directly involved. Stretch your comfort zone to initiate conversations with crew
and get commitment at the end of the conversation. Side stepping issues will
lead to mistrust and lower your credibility.

Set performance standards that challenge. Give some constructive criticism.

Build a sense of family and make key people know that regardless of what happens
you will remain a united family. A culture is designed to support the company’s
most valuable resource—its competent and committed employees. He knows the
importance of keeping the wolves off the backs of his team.

Sometimes step aside as a leader so as not to slow everyone else down. Give
authority to people to whom you have given responsibility.

Regularly check how everybody is doing emotionally, psychologically and
physically.

Take steps to ensure that the team is proud of how they are developing.

Set a pace to allow everybody to keep up. Make sure the work load is balanced
for everyone.

Roll up your sleeves and pitch in during times of crisis. Say—your 3 month stock
of ship’s provisions are all lying on deck and suddenly there is a huge
downpour.

Understand the capabilities of your group. Empower people to take action. Treat
all with fairness and dignity.

Let people know that you are open to suggestions and recommendations.

At the end of the day review today’s actions and plan for tomorrow.

Respect is gained by personal courage displayed during difficult times and in
the face of potential strong opposition. Be spontaneous without fear of being
nervous. Be dominant—not domineering. Be strong when your team is under stress.

Take time off to think.

Be constantly aware of learning opportunities. Never be afraid to ask questions
if you does not know the answers. Take responsibility for your own learning
curve.

Detect and check deviations from standard operating procedures to see if they
are for the better

Be a good diagnostician and value a spirit of inquiry. Preoccupation with small
technical problems and getting bogged down with tiny meaningless details is
undesirable. In any workplace there will be a mountain of red tape, bureaucracy,
old rules left by the previous management regimes—get rid of them. I usually
start off high profile by changing the meal timings—to show that the old order
will change for the better. It is easy to give someone a contract and a job
description in the company manual. Trouble is it leads to a lot of confused
people. Let everybody know right from the start, what is expected of them. Or
you get people doing the wrong things , and them telling you this is the way we
did at the last place we worked.

Adapt your style depending on the team member—there is no need to change your
spots or personality. I was once stuck with a stone deaf chief officer—after 5
months I realised that I had indeed changed my personality—speaking loud and
shrill was never my style. Think about what they need and what motivated
them—and adapt your management style too accordingly.

Every body in a team , no matter how lowly their position or rank has something
to offer. These are the ones at the cutting edge. Get their feedback and their
ideas. You might listen –that does not mean that you are going to act on every
one of their ideas.

In a team some have to be slowed down and others speeded up. Some will be good
in technology while others will be not. It is this difference which makes a team
superb. —vive la difference.

Meetings can be used to fuse a team. The leader must be firmly in control—there
can be no wishy washy democracies. Start meetings on time. Never go back over
stuff for late comers. Make meetings fun. Be flexible and allow people to be
themselves so that they contribute. The stuffy manager is frightened because he
feels insecure and seeks a rigid approach to prop up his lack of self
confidence. Managers who are secure in themselves do not need to score points or
bully or interfere. Steering a steady course needs small helm movements not
continuous hard a port hard a stbd movements—just to prove that you have the all
important con.

If any of your team wants to talk to you just because he is lonely and you seem
to have a fun image —don’t get uptight as long as he is not taking advantage of
this and you do not lose control

You will sleep well if you have a clean conscience. You have never stitched up
anybody or broken any laws. Your salary is not your driving force—your driving
force is your need to be the finest living legend at sea.

In any conversation the person who asks the questions has the control. Use
questions to control a meeting.

De Hiring is a key part of leadership. The general who keeps a core-coward in
his force is himself incompetent. The right attitude here means going that extra
mile, to brainwash and recover this poor soul even when you are pissed off.

Respect is the key determinant of high performance leadership. How much people
respect you determines how well they perform. Integrity is the most respected
quality of leadership. Always keep your word.

Make every goal clear specific , measurable and time bounded. Goals that are not
in writing are just wishes or fantasies.


Some DON’T’S

As a leader you must not be disruptive unless it is in an innovative way. Don’t
depend upon the predictions of others—make your own.

Don’t believe all these so called aptitude tests made by mediocre men—the kinds
which will declare that the Eskimo cannot adapt themselves to extreme Arctic
colds.

Blindness or fear of the new , causes leaders who are heavily invested in
yesterdays ideas, to miss the boat.

Don’t set the bar at an impossible high level . It ensures lack of fulfillment
and self worth.

Do not associate with those who are chronic complainers and conduct formal
organizational cynic clinics. Model and support positive behavior. Exhibits the
confidence and drive to inspire others.

Spend time building people up instead of tearing them down. Do not motivate
people by fear. Consistently be open and honest even when it hurts. Share your
fears.

Do not ill treat the bearer of bad news or shoot the messenger.

Do not use fear as the key. It causes some to lose focus on the new direction
and possibly dragging others down with them as in the example of a drowning
swimmer. Do not give untimely criticism.

Don’t let time bandits come to your desk and steal a major portion of your prime
time. Work is not composing emails or pushing your mouse. It is about doing
something and being productive and profitable.

Don’t expect people to abide by your corny rules if you do not clearly state
what they are. The fewer rules you have –the more happier you will be. When I go
home on leave I lock up all my rules in my suitcase, and keep it under the bed
–to be reopened only when setting off from home to join ship. Could this be the
reason why a super strong personality like yours truly did not have a single
fight with his wife for a quarter century of married life.

Never allow yourself to be scapegoated by companies who conveniently lose their
Jekyl to gain some Hyde. If they want a sucker let them find a less honourable
man who does not have the moral fibre-- if you build a reputation of honour ,
integrity and honesty, no rogue will ever approach you to cover up or cover up
for their fraudulent acts to make a few dollars more. It gets easier once you
have established a reputation for not covering up. Remember—a real friend will
never ask you to cover up for him and put yourself into danger of disgrace.

Make yourself the default setting for the honesty factor, the standard by which
others judge themselves. If you get sacked for caring for your own honour—so be
it. Hindsight says that 75% of all sackings are not because somebody did not do
his job—but because he did not fit into the rotten corporate culture. In such
petty , small minded cultures you may be a senior manager –but to get a pencil
from the stationary cupboard you have to speak nicely to the custodian of the
stationary cupboard.

For creative juices to flow , there are eureka environments, where the matrices
of disciplined thought are are already operating but not yet sufficiently
hardened to disrupt the dream like fluidity of imagination. Eureka moments in
the early morning shower—at the border line between sleep and full awakening .

Eureka moments require the right and left hemispheres of the brain to work
together. Neurophysiologists might propose the RH side of the brain—humanistic
psychologists offer the subconscious mind---mystics will identify the great
cosmic abyss . Good ideas need time to incubate , mature and grow.

Stress is usually associated with the less pleasant aspects of life. --Noise,
dirt, extreme temperatures , too tired , too depressed , chest congestion,
seasickness, bad smell induced nausea like on Sichem Pearl , loss of sleep/
appetite , inability to enjoy things one is used to, difficulty concentrating,
change of sleep patterns etc. Stress is the individuals perception and
assessment of the environment. One area which may be stressful for one need not
be so for another. Coping up with a difficult senior or junior can be stressful.
Not being relieved in time can be stressful. Lively and fun parties give welcome
relief from stress.

Like road rage , on my last ship Siteam explorer I discovered there is something
equivalent called computer rage. A slow computer or email system which hangs at
inopportune times can be stressful, --as it is beyond your control.

Choose the right words— your voice tone, intonation, volume , facial expression
, gesture , body language all play a part in the message you send. Unless all
these parts of the equation match , the message remains garbled. There is no
need to give lengthy explanations. Take ownership of your message by using the
word I,  not WE.

Actions of course speak louder than words. Adrenaline produces energy—it has to
be expended. Use force appropriate to the situation. Never fuel anger by adding
your own two pennies worth. Do not invade another’s personal space unless it is
imperative for common good.. While remembering the other persons rights never
neglect your own. Never be anybody’s punching bag. Influence without
manipulating. There is a difference between a positive constructive feedback and
destructive verbal attack. Giving criticism can be as stressful as receiving it.

Avoid using the threatening word “consequence”. Give negative feedback early—so
that the receiver need not dredge his memory. Allow the other person to
respond—and give him thinking time. Don’t stray from the subject when giving
negative feedback—lest you dilute it. End on a positive note .

An assertive leader have a positive self image. Spontaneous assertive self
expression is important in all instances if you have to avoid the adrenaline
rush induced F and F responses of seething , over reacting, withdrawal or
sulking.


You cant motivate people with logic. If you want to move them you must touch
their emotions. 5 emotions are love, pride, greed, guilt and fear.

The ability to focus attention on important things is a measure of intelligence.
Incorrect assumptions lie at the root of every failure. Delegate responsibility
only to those who have demonstrated an ability to handle it. A person who
suffers a incompetent employee is himself incompetent. Speed is an important
quality of leadership. Authority without love is stifling.

Stupid is forever, ignorance can be fixed. - Don Wood.




TEAMWORK

A team takes on a life of its own and you have to regularly nurture and maintain
it.

Each member of the team is entitled to be interested in all aspects of the
operation. This is not cancelled out by the fact that he has special
responsibilities in a limited area, like the goal keeper in a soccer team. This
creates higher levels of job satisfaction and commitment plus higher levels of
trust and support.

Teamwork is the ability to work towards a common vision. Its is the forum for
the common man to attain uncommon results. Teams provide possibilities for
empowerment that are not available to individual employees. Teams can implement
complex plans and develop creative solutions to complex problems much better
than individuals.

A group in itself does not necessarily constitute a team. A team is a small
group of people with complementary and diversified skills committed to a common
purpose, where they use their strengths in full and can complement for each
others weakness..

In order to be a good team player one has to compromise.

Never constrain a team member to guess at something when you are ashore or
absent for some time—this is not good teamwork. Hostility among team members ,
missed signals, misunderstood decisions and low participation are symptoms that
signal a need for team building. Morale problems do not happen overnight and
they cannot be resolved overnight. Conflict resolution is not a stand alone
skill. Without this skill the team cannot bond. The team must perform as if they
owned the company themselves. The team members must know what is expected of
them.

Building effective team spirit requires leaders to be excited and even
passionate about what they do on a daily basis. It is the leaders job to provide
a positive and congenial climate .

Give your team members more control over their jobs.

A good team has flexibility and synergy and achieves more than the sum of its
parts. It is the job of the leader to identify issues that inhibit the team from
reaching their goals address those issues and remove the inhibitors.

The team leader must have people skills. Team members must know how to examine
team and individual errors and weaknesses without making personal attacks. The
leader must be able to identify jealousy, cynicism and defensive behavior. He
must build a feeling of solidarity and team spirit. He has to look out for the
cynical lone ranger who ignores others, and survives by being servile to the
immediate boss who writes his service report. Don’t excuse a badly behaving team
member. In a meeting if conflict gets terribly overheated—take a break and let
every one cool off.

Have you noticed how a good football manager like Alex Ferguson sits in the
stands , furiously chewing gum , watching team dynamics—the natural forces at
play and determine is they are acting for good. He will make interventions to
make the effect of those dynamics more positive. Coaching will be provided to
make up any skill deficiencies. He quickly determines the teams strength and
weaknesses and tailors new approaches. He provides feedback to correct
unproductive moves. A good basketball coach calls time out at key moments of the
game to give team members an opportunity to assess their play against the game
plan and as necessary refocus their thinking and energy for the next critical
period of time

Some people are just negative by nature. Don’t hesitate to confront such cynical
team destroyers and demand behavior change at once. Some people lack confidence
and view attacks on their opinions as a personal attack. A typical statement
would be “are you telling that my 20 years of experience does not matter?”

Team building cannot be a short term flavour of the months –like how the PSC
gives statements like –this month we will concentrate on GMDSS and next month on
crew accommodation hygiene.

Music orchestra bands are a clear example of how a team works. Poor performing
bands are inflexible, the musicians have petty differences, compete with each
other, stay in their comfort zones and expect the audience to accommodate their
jarring music.

Just plain old Harmony is not the goal of cross functional teamwork . False
consensus is undesirable where team members are afraid to express a contrary
point of view for fear it will destroy the positive feelings among team members.
An absence of overt conflict is often mistaken for teamwork. Conflict is natural
and desirable. Issues are attacked –not each other. If conflict is not visible ,
either the people are thinking alike or they have suppressed conflict. Both
situations are not helpful. Teams that suppress conflict lose effectiveness and
the conflict erupts into destructive ways. A good leader will not allow endless
debates on minor problems.

Team leaders must be fair, supportive and recognised by team members as one who
can make final judgements and work with the upper management .

The blue ocean leader is not afraid of taking the first step--as he is sure of
his own capabilities..He knows the importance of understanding another point of
view. He knows that progress has been made on this planet only through
disobedience and rebellion-- and that people with spirit , passion and courage
have always been sinister to the walking dead.  Strength of character and
courage of convictions is NEVER mistaken for poor attitude. He communicates in
the language of the people NOT in fuckin' latin. He revels in awakening creating
joy in creative expression. He is NOT stupid to mistake motion for effective
action. He knows that force can conquer and win battles, but its victories are
always short lived. He knows that a drive for consensus is always the first
refuge of the scoundrels. You dont convert men by silencing them. he knows when
he praises everybody he praises nobody.

The leader must give team members a large picture of how the overall project is
going— like how I insist on the common folder of the LAN computer to have a
running bar diagram for loading , discharging and tank cleaning . Well
functioning teams are involved in the setting of objectives with realistic time
frames. Roles are clearly defined and do not overlap. Emphasis must be on
solving problems and system corrections –not blaming the individual responsible
for the problem. There must be frequent performance related feed backs.

Conflict must be openly discussed so as to result in growth or learning. Members
must enjoy and respect each other . Most people hesitate to let down a
friend—psssst!--one of the reasons why I hold wild, hair down parties to see how
my crew polarizes.. In a shore office like EMS Spore I could see the way people
polarised by checking out who got let out of whose social invite or office email
humor. I remember I once started a chain of email humor just to check this out.

If the goals are foggy or too easy to achieve, the team will not be motivated to
make the extra effort that separates a high performance team from an ineffective
motley bunch. Goals provide a sense of direction to the team and should not be
impossible to achieve. They also must be measurable so that the progress can be
monitored.

When there is no synergy in the team, the people are passive. Their skills and
knowledge are not utilized and they waste their time. Any team must have just
enough hands to do the job and no more.

If bonuses and incentives are part of the reward system, they should be given to
teams performance—not individual performance. Team culture is destroyed by
racism, inappropriate race based pay systems , divide and rule overtime
policies, horrid working conditions and destructive comments from management. A
team cannot achieve its full potential if all that is allowed is logic or
information. Any team must focus on real work. When the team realizes that all
you are allowing them is to re-arrange the deck chairs on a passenger ship or
chip away rust from deck plates or keep a mere lookout, rather than helping to
run the ship—they lose interest.

Workplace teams are a means NOT an end. Teams are a means to do something
better, quicker, safer and cheaper. A cookbook approach cannot be taken to build
teams. Team members often tend to want to clone themselves and invite
participants “just like me”.

Be sensitive to friction. Nip it in the bud before it ends in a full scale war
with everybody taking sides. Let it be known that feuding wont be tolerated.
Reason with them. Don’t take sides—but take swift and resolute action. People
must be polite, friendly and kind in a workplace. People are entitled to
respect, civilised behaviour and dignity. Creating a good atmosphere is easy
when it comes from top down.

If you take sides then you are part of the argument and the disagreement. You as
a leader have to remain totally objective and in the middle. Being conciliatory
is like mother hen breaking up a fight between 2 of her chicks.. You just want
to restore peace. You will not spend inordinate time in finding out who pecked
whose ass first.

Your rules say that there can be no bullying, shouting, threatening ,
intimidation or victimisation in your team. This is abuse. You are allowed to
refuse abuse . If somebody is not doing his job he should be taken aside and his
mistakes pointed out calmly and rationally. There are the proverbial little
chick-licks on whose head an acorn fell and she thought that the sky fell
down—and she set off hoppety hop to tell the king—whipping up mass hysteria
along the way.

If the team comes to work looking to enjoy themselves, be stretched and
challenged then you can get the best out of them. It is the job of the leader to
get them emotionally involved , instill pride and make them care about what they
do.---that what they do makes a difference, rather than just line the owners
pockets. Getting your team to soar takes passion and determination. No one can
whistle a symphony—it takes an orchestra to play it. Be ready to prune dead
wood, straggly growth and tone deaf lousy flute players.

The force of a team like a typhoon takes time to grow—but once it is spinning,
it is a formidable thing indeed.

ENDING WITH HUMOUR

Laugh at yourself before others can laugh at you, then if they laugh at all,
they will laugh with you.

Humor is a language which we can use to creatively retrieve a lost position and
it is often more effective than pedestrian logic and self justification. Insight
can be gained through humour—to hit the mark in a way rational arguments don’t
achieve. Humor leaves a gap for you to fill in with your own interpretation. In
the world of humor and creativity there is no such thing as nonsense—at least
not in the generating ideas stage. When you want to make an imaginative
leap—nonsense is exactly what you want. In a meeting where every nods their
heads and say “yeah –makes sense”—remember there are probably a thousand people
doing it already. Most great innovations are initially regarded as weird,
because that is not part of thinking as usual.

A violin virtuoso believed he could play the violin so well that he could charm
all the savage wild beasts. He played for couple of weeks unharmed in the deep
Indian forests . One day he was eaten up by a starving tiger. All the other
animals approached the tiger and cried “why did you do that—he was playing such
divine music “. The tiger just cupped his ears and countered “what?”. Beware
–there are many such deaf people in this world—and there are also the types who
pretend to be deaf. Or they will pretend to sleep and expect you to wake them
up. You can be a genius , and the most valuable asset of your company --- there
are many who are not bright enough to acknowledge you ----or out of jealousy
will deliberately not acknowledge you.

There was this rude boss with the logo “do it now” poster in his cabin. Sure
enough, soon –his deputy ran away with his wife , his accountant ran away with
all his money and his trusted secretary informed the police about how he
embezzled and siphoned off company funds.

Playfulness or humor allows you to adopt a wider angle lens on the problem, to
see old in new ways. Humor is a trigger to free up the mind so that your
thinking gets less stuck. You are creating a new chemistry in your brain,
walking on roads less travelled.

Humor relaxed the narrowly focused mind to allow intuition to come in the fore
front. It is not a problem solving technique, but a different state of emotion.
Humor comes from the right side lobe of your brain where intuition also lies.

Contextual humour-- At the exit of a grave yard, engraved on a tombstone —“ I
told you I was ill “— never failed to make the saddest person smile.

Signature logos’ for agent provocateur

Efficiency consultant Sow a thought today Skill powered confidence Where team
culture rules If you are not having a good time you aint doin’ it right Seize
the moment Blaze that trail Make the most of now Where thinking triumphs Fire
your creative imagination Mind musician Stereotype mould buster Awaken your
enthusiasm Where terrain prevails over maps. Elegant solutions always Say YES to
NOW


Vision with venture Commitment with conviction

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL ( 28 years in command )-- NOT 9 to 5 --but 24 hrs a day.
********************************************************************************
CHANGE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





CHANGE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Let me start off with 2 true anecdotes—

ONE—

The foot soldier scout ran in foaming from the mouth and breathless to the
General’s tent and screamed “ SirrrJee, we have been surrounded from all
directions!!”

“Excellent” cried the visibly relieved General ( well- known for his mighty
“valor and non- existent brains ) jumping up from his chair and twirling his
“waxed moustache .  We shall attack in all directions !!!”.

Digression: This poor General’s promotion was blocked after a furore caused by
his comment in a seminar on Strategy for Change . “ In Mahabharat, Dushasan
should have stopped pulling the endless sari of Draupadi and lifted it up
instead!!” . After that incident where he was nearly lynched by his own
soldiers, he developed a phobia when it came to stretching his brains.

TWO--- In the 1983 World Cup semi-finals , Team India were tottering at the
brink of defeat against Zimbabwe with all the batsmen back at the pavilion . The
Captain of the team Kapil Dev ( essentially a pace bowler ) waded in into the
field , smote the cricket ball in all directions , sent the hapless opposition
on a leather hunt , scored a stupendous 183—a world record—and took India to an
astonishing victory. After the match –at the mandatory press conference , the
inevitable question was posed about “how he handled the tremendous pressure and
what was his strategy”. The world was all ears for a few pearls of wisdom which
could possibly sway future MBA and Business School management methods –the way
Lalu Prasad Yadav has done recently with Indian Railways . Now, a Cricket game
is not won by skills alone, the thinking cap of the Captain is all important.
Kapil retorted “what preyyure! ( read that as pressure ) no preyyure!! —he did
not think! , he just swung just his bat in all directions— le dhannnadhun de
dhanndun.

Aaha! Now I have your attention---

This piece is based on my experiences as a Master of ships in EMS starting from
Sichem Pearl, behind a mouse pushing desk at EMS Singapore office often doing
coaching interviews, and recently on board a new acquisition Stainless Steel
Chemical tanker Sichem Copenhagen as a Manager of Change —(where I took my
scalar wave EM howitzer along , switched on psychotronic mode—just in case the
pseudo resistors made me miss my deadlines—)

Digression:--Sceptics , please go to Google search and punch in “scalar waves”
and see how many million hits you gets. Scalar waves emitted by Uri Geller in
Gorbachov’s head caused Perestroika and the disintegration of the mighty Soviet
empire, Sai Baba uses Scalar waves on his teeming millions -- The Third world
war will be won with psychotronic war fare, scalar waves and EMPs’.

All those who identify with the mindless dhannadun approach ---must now stop
reading this NOW—lest they overheat their grey matter and fall into a tizzy.
This piece on CHANGE is solely for the thinkers who has made this world a better
place to live in.

A thesis would be too long—what I have presented is a few tips.

Darwin said that it is not the species with the greatest strength nor the one
with the highest intelligence that survives, but one that is most adaptable to
change ( cockroaches are adaptable , poor extinct dinosaurs were not ) . This is
as true of all businesses, including shipping, as it is to living things, if new
customer demands are ignored or not taken seriously.


Change is the only constant we live with. It has been continuous since the
beginning of time. 98% of all knowledge has been accumulated in the last 50
years—think about it.

Change today happens very fast. It is a way of life today and is an ongoing
process. Our lives are filled with both predictable and unpredictable
transitions. Traditionally change was a short burst of disruption followed by a
long plateaus of stable operations. Today there are no longer any rest periods,
change is continuous and enormous. The innovators change first, the diehards
change last. The people who cannot change are the “casualities of war”.

Without careful management, change can become a business nightmare, when new
structures and processes are imposed without enough forethought. Change then
becomes an unfocused, indefinite time of turmoil. Having started without
direction and continued without focus or competent monitoring, it ends with a
whimper when those involved can go no further. There is a limit to the number of
storeys you are going to add to your outdated skyscraper. Every business which
wants to grow must understand growing pains. Growth can lead to problems if the
organization is not set to cope up with ways of doing things, that were perfect
at the time it was created – but grossly inadequate or inappropriate later on.

Change management is a new skill. The ability to manage change is an essential
skill for all decision makers. I have been long advocating including this
subject in our EMS seminars , so far only Risk Management has been forth coming.

Change encourages innovation . There is a difference between creativity and
innovation. Creativity looks at options and generates ideas. Innovation takes an
idea and develops it into a practical application. Innovation requires some
change in behaviors, processes and functions.


It is no big secret that the most successful companies proactively look for
opportunities to change rather that it being forced upon them. Proactive action
reinforces the impression of control and understanding. This can restore faith
in the organizations collective ability and willingness to change and motivate
people for further change and improvement. Caution can look like weakness and
indecision. Proactive change is characterized by seeking out reasons for change
rather than waiting for them to arise. Major benefit of changing proactively is
that you have more time-- one of the key secrets of Time Management. Planning in
advance gives you much more flexibility over options, priorities , resources and
time scales. At the extreme of reactive change is to respond to a crisis
situation. In a well managed business most internal crisis should be known
before they occur. Resist the temptation to view persistent problems as isolated
incidents.

What are the symptoms for the need for change—creative people instead of
generating ideas and revenue are wasted in firefighting--people spending quality
time working around impractical business systems, low morale, innovative ideas
not being generated, culture at odds with what is required for the business
environment. Managers who lack the skills and perspectives to move forward are
literally the arsonists who are guilty of lighting fires. Such individuals
interpret business culture to meet their own selfish needs. If you cure symptoms
rather than the causes, then the change effort is a quick fix that fails to
address what is really troubling the business. The reason for change needs to be
presented in order to generate commitment to the change effort

In the brilliant book –Who moved my cheese—Dr Spencer says— CHANGE will happen
anticipate change monitor change adapt to change quickly enjoy change be ready
to change again and enjoy yet again


In my vision for the next century I see that all shipping companies will include
a para in their company policies about willingness to change --- and proactively
change again if things do not work out –about keeping up the ante , looking for
constant evolution and new change opportunities to take advantage of ----to be
farsighted and to give a strategic orientation towards change-- to have a
culture that is based on action, not statements of intent or lip service—to gain
mastery over change and avoid being its victim, so that the company shapes its
future rather than Change bending the company out of shape.

Now what is a vision?

A vision is a clear idea for the future that acts as a fulcrum for all change
efforts. Vision is a sense of how it will look when it works . It should not be
a management fantasy, slogan or platitude. Good visions act as useful guides and
inspiration. Use your mind to envision the outcome of change. Vision makes you
aware of the opportunities of change and helps release your energy. Personal
vision acts as an anchor during change. As we become more change hardy, our
stability comes from the inside and outside changes become less disruptive. It
is important to imagine as positive a vision as you can. The way our minds work
is that our actions tend to follow our thoughts. If you see a dim unattractive
future vision, you are more likely to end up in that situation. That is why in
gymnasiums they keep posters of muscular guys like Arnold Schwartznegger and not
our big bottomed and tuft tittied Bollywood heroes of yester year .



Be careful of what you imagine ( or wish for ) it just might just come true. You
can be honest with yourself and have negative visions because you don’t have
enough information or resources. Don’t stay stuck—reach out. Promote desired
outcomes by internal programming of vision. Re frame, look at the situation
differently, see challenge, see opportunity, go around limits. Obstacles to
change have to be confronted rather than accepted if change has to succeed. Many
of the extraordinary things ordinary people achieve begin with a vision that
inspires and empowers them.

Even re branding say from TESMA to EMS, is a major change. Re branding without
any effort to make even a subtle change is such a waste of a rare opportunity.
An internal culture that starts out as a key strength can if not changed when
the time is right end up being a supremely powerful constraint on the business .
The owner/ Charterer is increasingly expecting more, vetting inspectors are
splitting hairs--—this is not the time to be inward and backward looking. Check
out what invisible or cultural factors are keeping the company where it is.
Remember, the drivers for change come from outside the business while drivers
for stability come from within. Generating awareness of the need to change
involves shifting the focus to outside the business or seeing yourself as others
see you. Every business which wants to grow must understand growing pains.

Change can look risky—gambling valuable resources when the need to conserve them
is paramount. Doing nothing is always a low risk option. To avoid having a car
accident, don’t go for work—sit at home and pray!. Delaying change for a while
and carrying out with business as usual can seem appealing. Inaction will have
its grave consequences. Every organization will have complacent managers who are
essentially time servers who bed down for the long haul to retirement and who
will fight change tooth and nail. They will be centered around the business
culture of conservatism and risk aversion.

Some companies long history of success made people complacent , and no
introspection was made to sense the urgent need for change—like the Scindias who
were in a general dry cargo fantasy world of dunnage and hessian separation
cloth. Major changes to an organizations culture requires people to let go of of
how it was and move through a period of doubt and uncertainty. It is no longer
possible to remain a caretaker set in your sweet ways.

Creative people will quit if they are unable to find a rewarding role for
themselves within the business. In any case many good people would rather leave
a sinking ship— if they are financially vulnerable and have themselves and their
families to take care of, after all charity begins at home. Today's lives are
less predictable. There are no companies left where a parcel chemical Master
(who has the sword of first foot failure dangling above on his head, and who is
judged by his last singular performance ) , can expect to receive his gold
watch.


Change is as much about people as it is about plans.. Deal with change as a
matter of heart as well as the head. The knock on effects of sweeping
technological changes has to be weathered. Basic values may change—a company
that once valued strict procedures and tradition may shift towards valuing
independence and new vistas. There has to be less hands on control, and more
bridging.

At EMS the Master’s 6 monthly review must have a compulsory para about “change”—
a review is not about Masters pointing out spelling mistakes in company manuals
and revision number errors. Change experiences must be rolled out to the
organization as a whole by means of news letters and seminars. Reward
communication and knowledge sharing between ships, departments and teams. Change
provides an excellent opportunity to rethink job descriptions to make them more
meaningful. Procedure manuals have to be rewritten, operations have to be
revamped.

Flat structures while useful in enabling innovation may bring problems in terms
of a fragmented culture or even a conflict between team loyalty and company
loyalty—say--Tech 2 vs Tech 3.

Crisis mentality can make good change management very difficult. Hence the
reason we like predictive maintenance instead of breakdown maintenance on
chemical tankers. The desire to find a solution quickly moves the emphasis from
long term strategic thought to short term tactical solutions that may harm the
future of the business. The need for swift focused unambiguous action makes it
more likely that change will be non participative. The heat of the moment can
make big bang transformational changes more appropriate that what they really
are.

Formal education is increasingly in need of constant updating. Big companies now
retrain their workers every 3 years because their previous skills become
terribly obsolete. The tech skills learnt at college or on the job become
obsolete, no set of skills stay useful forever during change Making changes work
for you will require learning, being open to new directions and knowing how to
say hullo and goodbye to positions and situations professionally. It is more
important to understand how to learn than to know a particular set of skills.

Their culture is based on action, not statements of intent or lip service. A
21st century manager is a tight rope artist who keeps the business running
smoothly through the change process , balancing the need for radical change with
the necessity for continuity.


Anticipating change means you can position yourself to be ready for new
developments before they happen, so that decisions are based on facts not
comfortable assumptions. Focus on those at the sharp edge of the business to
remove any barriers or buffers that may evolve between decision makers and
competitive realities.  Avoid focusing solely on internal realities which can
often reinforce existing ideas , instead look to the outside world. Change is
the catalyst for new directions.

Sextants, Morse , Nories tables and typewriters have given way to DGPS ,Inmarsat
and Bluetooth computers . Digression:-- In the British parliament they still
resist change--they still stand up at unstable GM for a second to cry “ hear
hear” and fall back in a heap on to their antique dull green plastic seats—lest
his neighbour steals his elbow space—tee hee .


Change can cover a broad spectrum. It can be unexpected, sudden, unsettling
especially if new technology is introduced or it can be welcome and planned.
Many traditional standards of security in the workplace are disintegrating. I
remember the state of an old radio officer when a pioneer Satcom C was first
fitted on my ship—he had one cursory glance at the bulky MS DOS book which came
along free , started sweating, and nearly fainted—thinking he will have to mug
up the whole book. In the past security came from not taking chances or rocking
the boat. Now paradoxically security comes from being at the edges . Create your
own security by being in touch with the change. Creative people determine their
own security. An effective response to change involves several skills and some
new attitudes.

Managing change is no frivolous task , it is very complex. A qualified and
respected Change Manager has to make critical inputs into change planning,
continuity planning and the process of embedding change. Such a culturally
significant change anchor may have a decisive influence over the way change is
perceived by others. People approach them to seek reassurance on the viability
of change and their buy in is crucial. If he does not buy in the other wont
either—say Passivity meter over Palladium chloride.

If the change is driven by executive ego of holy cows --not business need , this
ego powered change wont last. Remember, time spent on change cannot be spent on
real work—something I discovered the hard way on Sichem Copenhagen , while I was
the Manager of Change. Fast big bang changes are called creative destruction—we
have this vetting to do , make the change happen el pronto!! The cost of
creative destruction by concentrating uncertainties into a short time frame can
be very high in human terms . The change process can end up being so traumatic .
–the operation was a grand success –but excuse please—the patient died.

Change is stress less only for the mindless. Change planning must be rooted in
reality. Many change efforts fail because the Change Manager was not realistic
about the constraints and obstacles that threaten change. Too often companies
invest considerable time energy and money in making a good decision about what
to change. And that is it!!!. They think their good deed is done. Hey, what
about some investment to building involvement and commitment to that nice
decision. Short sharp shock changes however effective will not build commitment
for future change. Change should therefore be a normal part of management rather
than an exceptional situation. The world does not fear a new idea. What it fears
is a new experience. This can affect your your emotions especially your feelings
about yourself. Change demands energy. Hours of worry will drain your energy.


Change is uncomfortable as we stop having same thoughts and feelings— we  stop
making the same chemicals which sends the body into a state of homeostatic
imbalance. We do not feel like the same person again. Our body wants to identify
with known associations.. it tries to influence the brain to return to a
recognizable state of being so that the body can recalibrate itself with past
feelings.


Leaders evolve processes and attitudes that withhold information from the troops
, partly to magnify their own perceived importance, for knowledge is power . Or
it could be partly because of a sense that a little learning is a dangerous
thing. But once people have the power that comes from knowledge they can use it
to support change. It is a matter of trusting people to make the right choice.
Once when I had to revive an unconscious (chemically) victim on deck , the
second mate came a cropper—it was the Cook who could administer the Oxygen
resuscitator. While appearing risky this type of approach actually reduces the
risks of change by getting commitment upfront.

Coercing people into supporting change by insisting that it is necessary will
not have this effect—any minor setbacks during the change will serve to confirm
people’s suspicions that change was never necessary in the first place. Prevent
it from becoming a banal insistence that we are all in this together. During
change top management avoid communicating or seeking bad news because it is
difficult for them to admit that they did not know. They become afraid to take
risks , be innovative or try new things. Change has always challenged people in
power.

Change has to be anchored culturally. It has to be rooted in shared values not
just shared hierarchies and processes—it has to become the way we do things
around here. It is not the changes to plans , procedures and hierarchies that
are most difficult to implement for the Manager of Change—it is the changes in
peoples minds.

Making a major change which is OVERDEPENDENT on unreliable and incompetent
manpower is a big risk.!!!!!—read this line twice--

Changing proactively makes planning easier. The aim has to be defined or there
is no way to tell when success has been achieved. Remember there is no finish
line in the race for quality. To have more than one goal is to have no goal at
all. If multiple aims are unavoidable they must be consistent with one another,
because any conflict between them will sooner or later lead to conflict between
the people tasked with achieving them. The next vital step in planning change is
to decide the boundaries of change. Essentially this means deciding its
scope—what is gonna change and what isn’t— ( like the misunderstood scope para
in company manuals—Ha!!). Many change efforts quickly become messes or are messy
from the outset. As a result they lose momentum or fail to address the problems
they were intended to solve. This negatively affects attitudes and perceptions
of people

Now let us get to the nitty gritty—


Check out the Tarzan swing across 4 distinct phases—unless you get all the way
to the other side, you slip back and re-experience the loss, anger , chaos ,
uncertainty and frustration. I recently went on board a stainless steel chemical
tanker as a CHANGE MANAGER. My briefing orders at EMS office was a terse “
convert donkeys to race horses” . Communication was all the more difficult as
none in the crew list , had learnt English in school or past work fields. On the
first day after a cursory round I wrote numbers 1 to 4 on a crew list against
each name. The Master was keen to know why he had the number 1 against him along
with Chief officer , Third Mate and a few others , while Second mate and Cook
had 4 , Chief engineer had 3 and all the rest had 2 . ( later I had to grease
the vines and forcibly reverse swing the Cook back to 1—lest he be the
proverbial casualty of war. )



(1) DENIAL PHASE It is an amazing psychological defence mechanism. The denial
stage can be longer if employees are not encouraged to register their reactions
. People see themselves as victims of change , and their undivided attention is
focused on what they cant control. Expressing feelings is what helps employees
to change . When a change is proposed , people focus on their own
responsibilities, relationships and problems. Viewing a change from this
perspective , they may not perceive the need for it. Closed cultures where the
response cannot be shared will prolong the phase. Performance will be affected
directly in proportion to the magnitude of the change. People show different
types of responses. Mental and emotional signals are often harder for people to
identify— unless the CM knows body language for noticing these signals. Don’t
ignore them. They are all important. One set influences the other like
overlapping circles. Moving through change is never smooth or painless. Even the
most welcome exciting change demands some letting go or contains some difficult
situations. The life phase ( where you are in your life cycle ) has a lot to do
in your way of approaching change. Letting go of the old way is a kind of death
for the old timers who would rather drop comfortable anchor till retirement .
The path through change is rarely smooth or predictable. The first need is to
recognise the need for change and let go of old ways. It is often an emotional
struggle. Create a strategy for getting through the transition. Pessimistic
thinking or limiting beliefs encourages people to give up before they start—I
cant do this—I cant change. When people think in negative ways they tend to act
in ways that will not get them where they want. People trapped in their limiting
beliefs are people who become victims of change. The opposite of limiting
beliefs is empowering beliefs—ways to look at the future in a positive
light—change is normal, there is always a better way, I can make a difference, I
can learn to do this --. People who look at change with attitudes of possibility
are looking for new ways to do things and seeking new skills. Remember, too many
objectives will create anxiety and lead to poor performance Some not so bright
managers think that by ordering employees to change in a harsh way like a drill
sergeant they will. They do not realize how upsetting it is to give up work
patterns that are familiar and that time is required to adjust. The response to
such a mindless order will be a as follows--

Signs and symptoms on people in denial mode:--- Respond with silent terror
Feeling of being out of control, powerless or unable to help themselves. Fear of
the unknown, sense of threat. Fear of failure “The pain will outweigh the gain”
Shock Sleep loss Apathy. Activity without results. Feeling of loss that an
important part of life is lost. Emotional distress due to abandoning of comfort
zone and past quality experience loss.. Embarrassment due to of lack of
knowledge—now all will know what a pretender I really am. Crisis of confidence
Pretend it is not happening and everything is as usual.


BOHICA syndrome—“bend over, here it comes again”, let’s wait till it blows over.
“No big deal”, when in fact it is a damn big deal. Refuse to hear new
information. Lose sense of belonging to a team., Change fatigue from past
misdirected Change efforts, where he was a helpless victim Motivation
sags—retires from the job waiting for THEM to decide how things will be..
“Threat to our competence Difficulty to open up, explore the world and
themselves Loathe to take chances as learners. Burn out and frustration grow due
to undue focus on what cannot be controlled. Wasting valuable energy bemoaning
the loss of old ways . Unable to focus on how to do new things .

Handling people in denial mode:-- It is about uncovering the “want to” factor.
Explain what to expect and suggest actions to adjust fast . Ignorance is bliss
does not work when change has to occur . Keep your perspective and sense of
humour. There is little need to trick them or force them as almost all want to
do a good job . Raising the heat is about generating perceptions of the need to
change, and waking them up to the fact that the current situation is absolutely
untenable. Don’t try the hardsell or show your hand in this denial stage to give
people something to push against. For the change Manager group interests come
first—while for masses their individual interests come first . Change managers
MUST acknowledge loss that has occurred and not pretend it is business as usual.
Caring and supportive confrontation can help a person to change. What helps
people navigate through unknown territory is a map of what they can expect ,
INFORMATION on ways to respond to predictable challenges

Deal with it—move your employees fast through the denial stage. Let them know
that change WILL happen , why change is necessary. Show that the top management
given a clear consistent message supporting the change. Confront individuals
with information . Build awareness of the need and impact of change. Give
opportunity to ask questions. Shape your communications to --what does it mean
for me? Focus on current batting averages and trends --not on glorious past
averages. Issue written memos after a one on one as people are hard of hearing
when it comes to information which disturbs their security. Challenge
assumptions that past success is a permanent attribute of the company. Share
negative information on what people are saying about the company. Firmly advise
stonewallers --“drop your ego”. Send a strong signal that those who assist it
are valued within the management . Make them believe that it promises an
improvement in the status quo. The burden of proof that change can be trusted
lies with the prosecution—not the defence. Admitting that mistakes have been
made in the past may be an important first step towards getting “change
fatigued” buy-in.

People’s own priorities and frames of reference may make it difficult for them
to see the need for change. There is a good chance that people with a make or
break influence over the change will not be receptive to it. This makes
persuasion a key change management skill. Effective persuasion is not about
defeat or manipulation –it is about negotiation and enabling doubting Thomases
and leading them into agreement without that win-lose feel. Persuasion takes
time and effort because it is based on understanding –not coercion and hence is
powerful. Four key components of persuasions are—establish credibility—point to
your own experience and expertise, frame goals on common ground, vividly
reinforce your position for emotional impact, connect emotionally—don’t misjudge
the mood and get lynched , watch your tone. ( how come Vadakayil has not been
lynched yet? Beats me! --- tee hee ) There has to be agreement over ends and
agreements over the means too. Often key individuals have the power to make or
break a change effort through their support indifference or opposition. So it is
vital to get to grips with who these people are and how they are likely to
affect the change. If the big picture is changing as it will when major change
is in the air, people need to understand this wider context so that they can
relate their own situation to it. Many feel upset about saying goodbye to the
familiar. Let them feel the loss. Then make them let go and move on. A new way
is not to be judged as better/ worse or right/ wrong. They are simply new and
need to be learned practiced and judged on their merits. Often , it will not be
made public why a fiat was made or why something has to be done the way it is
for all to evaluate. During such change things are NOT going to return back to
normal, because there is no normal to go back to. You will just waste precious
time that could have been spent learning new skills. There is never enough time
, so don’t throw away the time you have.

Some bad Change Managers encourage the team to be in the denial mode as it is
easier to manage—for the next phase can be read bad for the dhannadun leader who
lacks grey matter and communication skills.


(2) RESISTANCE PHASE Resistance requires some understanding of the change and
can occur only after the denial stage has passed This phase is the most
difficult phase for the Change Manager. Resistance is a rational way for a
person to protect himself from overload or harm to self interest. It is thus a
positive attribute of self preservation and defence. It should be recognised as
an asset and accorded certain status. Don’t suppress resistance or avoid it.
Allow release of steam before you start building a response. Resistance brings
to the surface problems ( like slag in the metallurgical process ) to solve that
help overcome unaccounted for difficulties in the change process. There is no
need to create a guilt for expressing it.

Signs and symptoms on people in resistance mode:--- Rising personal distress
levels.. Culture of cynicism Doubting their ability to survive the change Afraid
they will look foolish Depression Projecting blame on others--issues kicked
about in a culture of blame Stubbornness , deadlocking Mourning the past more
than preparing for the future. Withdrawal from the team Mistakes Lower
productivity. The worst part and most difficult type of resistance is passive
–aggressive behavior or people pretending to cooperate. Selfish hidden agendas .
Foot dragging. Doing only what can be measured. Sick party Negative attitude “It
aint my job”,--out and out opposition Sabotage through sloppy performance A
feeling of a need to lash out at someone “We make the sacrifices and then will
be cast aside” “Changes will be cosmetic not fundamental” Every one under attack
and no one dares to be innovative Backbiting, griping , bad mouthing. “The
Change Manager will disengage when things go wrong, he cant walk his talk”
Complaining including about tools. Believing outlandish stories. Feeling of
frustration –“there is no choice” “Change is imposed from above and we have to
lump it -- our opinions are not valued”.

Handling people in resistance mode:-- Resistance is a sign that the group has
left the denial phase and are ready to move through the change. It shows the
human self defence mechanism is beginning to take over and hence is an important
step in recovery. NEVER EVER take resistance personally. Surface the resistance.
There is no commonsense in denying the resistance. It will just make it go
deeper and last longer. Invite it, honour it, make it safe to express resistance
by assuring the resistor that he will not be victimized. Ask clarifying
questions and make sure you understand the concerns. Make no attempt to
interrupt , state your position, sell , reason or imply that the resistance is
invalid while it is being explained. Don’t try to talk people out of their
feelings. Disagreement is a major contributor to development of alternatives.
Without a full range of alternatives an inappropriate decision may occur. .
Don’t try to complete the process too quickly.  Don’t put too much effort into
debating small points of implementation and resource at this stage”—leave aside
mistakes in commas and semi-colons. Ignoring culture is not a bright thing to
do—it may be advisable to present new directions as building on past efforts ,
rather than a revolution. Cultural changes are not optional changes to be
considered as an after though, they are an integral part of the change
management. Culture is the character of a business—“ it is the way we do things
around here”. Culture exists in people minds and in the relationships they form
with their colleagues which find expression and manifestations elsewhere in
work. These are unwritten rules, customs and conventions as opposed to their
official equivalents. It includes the way peoples territories are defined and
marked. It is about attitudes to long hours, how people identify to each other
and their team, the large picture. Culture is often most keenly felt by those
visiting a business for the first time ( all notice and feel the suppository
entrance of EMS Spore office, where either there is a yellow faced toilet
cleaner on the ground floor or people lounging around smoking at the top
floor—when they should be working ) . No culture is inherently good or bad, each
has its place. A mercenary culture while often a tough place to work may be
right for those who focus on short term results rather than happiness at the
workplace. Changing a culture is extremely difficult –if culture is preventing
growth or development then CHANGING CULTURE to move forward is a must.

As a last resort change structure, to change culture.

Explore the resistance. Differentiate between authentic resistance and pseudo-
resistance. Resolve conflict. There is a big difference between disruptive
conflict and constructive conflict. . Conflict and debate can be a positive
force in reaching a sound decision. Sound decisions are the goal of adaptation
to change. Differences of opinion should be welcomes since they provide the
opportunity for creative constructive discussion that can throw up new options.
Inaccurate assessment and hasty decisions does not address real problems Listen
Acknowledge feelings-- there is no need to agree but acknowledge them.
Articulate dissatisfaction at status quo. Encourage and support good 2 way
communications-- hotlines , Verify if feelings match actions Give personal
reassurance Be patient .. Hold rituals to say goodbye—it is not a immature thing
to do. Discourage politics by dealing with issues in group settings –not one on
one

Go for quick wins. Changes that will demonstrate themselves in a tangible
positive highly visible way early on should be prioritised—to show that a
difference is being made , to bring a sense of partial closure, to show that
part of the change has been achieved and recorded and that it cannot be
undone—reason why I keep sending so may sitreps or ask for Johnsons polish or
toilet flushes. It may be worth making some sacrifices in terms of practicality
or time scales in order to achieve a quick win. Beginning a project is not a
quick win—it has to be a concrete highly visible and completed collective
achievement. It does not fall into the category of it might have happened
anyway.

There will be diehards who still deny the need for change in the face of all
evidence, hence the CM raising the heat must be tough and resilient on a
personal level. In places where stability has become institutionalized and
reactive management and shoving under carpet is the norm, raising the heat can
be the only way to move forward. Articulate that poor performance is not
tolerated, only the best will do. Emphasise the consequences of not changing
Allow for withdrawal and return of diehards who are temporarily resistant. Very
few people are irretrievable, in my experience.

People never resist their own ideas. By involving them in the process about
making decisions about change you can secure their active commitment to change
or at least make it less likely that they will resist it. Without involvement in
change negative perceptions can arise. I hold the “Tell Vadakayil” safe
programme –for people to come forward with issues and new ideas. Horizons of
responsibility/ interest will determine what they need to know. There is no need
to tell the cook everything, just because he want to know every dang thing.

During change you may feel that you have only limited power to influence the
outcome. When you feel this it is wise to find areas where you have direct
influence. You can influence the change progress if you can make suggestions,
talk to others and add your input. People will want to be stroked and offered
reassurance that their status and position is not under threat. Once you are in
touch with insecurities or fears you are halfway to creating the message they
want to hear.

Change can sometimes shift a persons status in an organization. People highly
respected before the change because of their skills , longevity, experience etc
may suddenly be brought to par with new comers who have new skills or unique
Sigloo / Chemical experience. The CM must be sensitive and aware of this sort of
resistance from old timers who have influence in the group and are loathe to the
upset of power balance. They wrongly believe that change is a form of criticism
above the way things used to be done. They hope that benefits may result to them
if they resist strongly to the change. However explore if any resistance is
pseudo resistance. This type of resistance is rooted in deep grudges, resentment
of authority, need for attention, plain jealousy etc. Ask what is your
objection? What would you prefer? Remember , it is emotions that are not
expressed that cause continuing heartache. Just because conflict was not given a
chance to express itself—it will not disappear. It simply goes underground to
reemerge in disguised forms and non productive ways. . Deal with pseudo
resistance later unless it is blocking the change progress.

Quite often change managers who spend all the time talking in a meeting are
afraid of hearing responses . Listening provides you with learning , messages ,
meanings , perspectives , intensity of response , emotional punches and
feelings. Ask open ended questions—what do you think of this change?.

Quite often you find people moving back and forth between resistance and
exploration—it is a crazy time for them. There are some open to new ideas but
afraid to move forward.


(3) EXPLORATION / ADAPTATION PHASE All emerge from negativity People realize
that they are going to make it through in one piece Change is acknowledged ,
accepted and even welcomed If unforeseen logistic or economic difficulties crop
up in this stage the CM must not be scared to abort the change.


Signs and symptoms on people in exploration/ adaptation mode:--- Letting go of
the old All breathe a sigh of relief, shift into a more positive hopeful future
focused phase, Motivated to swing into action without first trying first to find
the right way, This is a high period of energy and creativity will be at the
peak., Learning new skills. Brainstorming with others Lots of energy and new
ideas but lack of focus. Developing sense of autonomy or self direction Regain a
sense of control over their destiny

Handling people in exploration adaptation mode:-- Plant the seed Instill a sense
of urgency New ways of working needs to be explained. Provide training.
Prioritise. Set short term goals. Hold planning sessions. Assist in problem
solving. Encourage independence and personal responsibility. Players to know
their individual parts perfectly. They must have the ability to see both the big
picture and part of the situation. Identify desirable behaviors that must be
enabled and encouraged --what things must be changed before other things can be
changed. Leadership intervention at the right time to pre-empt and trouble shoot
problems. Not everyone can be involved at the same level—but any involvement at
a practical ( not planning ) level will help. Recognise sacrifices and extra
efforts. People will become cynical if it dawns upon them that their opinions
were only sought to oil the wheels of change and are irrelevant thereafter.
Assist in pain free change Newsletters, feedback to promote motivation—people
who hear nothing usually fear the worst Show people to learn how to learn, how
to respond quickly and develop flexibility towards new demands. Don’t let people
become constrained by job descriptions if they can contribute more---let them
voluntarily go where the problems are , when there is much to be done and not
enough resources to do it. Don’t settle for comfort. People often get stuck in a
failed situation—they do the same thing harder, louder, longer or stronger than
before , even though it did not work. Often people would rather stay stuck than
risk something new. Your success at managing past changes you have just
experienced provide insight about how you will manage future changes. Celebrate
your success for a nano scond and move on.



(4) COMMITMENT / INVOLVEMENT PHASE

They will become advocates of change rather than being resistant to it . People
have adapted to the new situation. Commitment occurs when an employee pursues a
specific goal in a consistent manner. Commitment and involvement are both
necessary for successful installation of change. To understand the difference
think of bacon and eggs. The chicken is involved-- the pig is committed.
Employees will soon demonstrate a personal investment and sense of ownership to
achieve the change. They will reject behaviors not compatible with implementing
the change. Feel the climate of trust where all are encouraged to openly express
ideas, opinions, disagreements and feelings and where the management welcomes
questions.

Signs and symptoms on people in commitment involvement mode:---

Focus is now on new course of action. Cooperation Teamwork Finding new balance
and direction. Encouraged to think and act creatively. Better focus and
planning. Visionary leadership. Participation in change, initiate work on their
own. Stability. Finding opportunities. Belief in change. Sense of value in work.
Passion in work

Handling people in commitment involvement mode:--- Getting through change
demands collaboration. Directive style of low participation where leader is
responsible for results is different from collaborative style of high
participation, where the set standard or system is responsible for results. When
time is of the essence , when you cant afford to make mistakes ( say a vetting
inspection is round the corner ) do not use collaboration. A word of caution
here. Constructive conflict occurs in an atmosphere of high team spirit and
commitment to group goals. Disagreements stem from a sincere involvement with
the common problem.

Increase involvement Set long term goals. Concentrate on team building. Reward.
Remember, covering up poor performance simply extends the times the employees
will be in distress. Offer opportunities for team members to be part of making
change work. Encourage creative thinking, encourage employees to conduct
meetings to enhance ownership of goals and to give space for fair solutions .
The CM must leave the room is his presence is influencing the direction of
problem solving. Encourage employees to research, evaluate and make
recommendations for adaptation. Develop an action plan that allows for maximum
productivity. Actively create new customs that support the change. Celebrate
success and praise those who make change happen . No face saving—if new venture
fails to deliver the plug is pulled out or they get redesigned.

Adequate follow through is equally important to successfully implement a change
Stop and think—how often do you stop your tennis or golf swing at contact point
with the ball. Provide complete and accurate information. Rewards for
participation and assistance. The team must have the ability to accomplish
difficult and unpopular items. Figure out the key player implications—there must
not be any dependency on any key payer for success—he goes ashore to see the
doctor and all goes PHUT. Figure out the milestones that the change must
harmonise with. Technical and practical problems should be expressed
diplomatically to avoid damaging commitment to change By demonstrating realism
about the possibility of failure coupled with concrete plans to deal with it
could help to build commitment to change. Set the right norms of conduct in the
team. Encourage trust. Make reporting simpler and direct.

New change can emerge even before you have completed a previous one. It is
commonplace to have several transition rhythms going on at the same time.
Setting up milestones is about deciding what will happen when. Closely linked
with prioritisation it is invaluable in getting to grips with far reaching
changes to prevent them from being open ended , unfocused periods of undirected
activity. Milestones should be defined both in terms of result and time scale.
What would you like to have achieved at particular points in the future Reaching
a milestone presents two important opportunities. The chance to celebrate and
learn from change efforts so far, and the chance to redirect the change effort
if it is drifting off course.. Identify the resources—what the change is likely
to cost in broad terms. What has to be excluded till a particular milestone—or
permanently.. who will be involved—the best people for the tasks required. Some
immovable pillars have to be circumvented by flexible aspects of change

CHANGE MANAGER:

Change Management is like loading a ship in ballast to tropical load in dock
water at even keel—includes deballasting ( reducing restraining forces ) ,
loading ( adding driving forces ) and trimming/ listing (changing direction of
forces ).

It involves a new type of leadership—less as a controller and more as a
coordinator , focuser , facilitator and intelligent delegator.

Change has affected policies , procedures, rules and roles. Authoritarian style
of management has given way to participative management. The Authoritarian
manager and hierarchical management structure is no longer effective. Forced
change without grassroot support will have half hearted results

Change Management is one of the most demanding tasks in business. It requires
the full range of management-- hard skills in planning, project management and
analysis and soft skills in persuasion. Many efforts at transformation change
because they neglect the human side of change. When the company became big, they
forgot to preserve the feel of a small company.

Better to have a single good CM than having many managers arriving at a mutually
agreed Lowest Common Denominator ways forward that dilutes the aims of the
change by including only the most conservative and cautious options. Peripheral
experts , those outside the normal loop of business can be helpful in bringing a
more objective perspective to beliefs and assumptions

The change masters job is to move people through change easily. People who
practice change management skills know how to reduce the stress of the change.
He will not approach change as a mere technical project.

He understands the 4 phases of the change matrix, which tells him where to focus
his energies. Sometimes he will move backwards to the transition curve to make
progress. He understands that change usually occurs from the inside out and that
it occurs at different rates for different individuals

A good Change manager can distance himself from the old guard by being warm and
personal. He is ideally an individual without great formal authority who
nevertheless wields huge influence over the business. He is not a official
manager whose real world influence is negligible and who needs to refer to his
mobile phone and notes at inopportune times . The CM must be a star who can make
the masses buy , rather than a dull official time server , who can only sell. It
is about who trusts whom and why? Who has the peoples respect? Who has the awe-
inspiring potent mix of competence, field experience and knowledge. Now
knowledge is something you hold inside your head—not on your google searched
laptop computer or your library or database. Who is the real decision maker—not
the official decision maker. Who can energise people through honest personal
interactions ( after all nobody is stupid ) –not by one way official circulars
,letters and emails. Change is a collective effort where opinions are valued and
acted on. Who can give a strong direction from above, steady the ship and plot
this new safe course for new horizons. The most popular and effective CM are
those who aim to work with human nature rather than against it. People will not
resist change if the message of change is delivered through channels they like
and people they respect, appeal to their curiosity and can answer all their
questions on the spot with compelling narratives and can lead by example. Only
his human self centred-ness will limit what can be conveyed .

A good CM has so much mastery over the subject that he can deliver mind
pictures, can simplify concepts that are in reality highly complex in such a way
that people can see through the complexity to the heart of what needs to change.
He can pave the way for future change. Change is not about embedding specific
aims, it is about establishing new attitudes and beliefs about change itself.
Taking control and exerting influence are crucial aspects of change management.
He has tact --the art of making a point without making an enemy. He can judge a
man by his questions , not by his answers. Lot of people have good ideas , but
they are not change masters for they do not have the capability to bring their
ideas to the market place. He builds success in small steps.

He is alert to the possibilities of change on body – exhaustion, stomach
problems mind—negative thoughts, confusion, forgetting details, lower
productivity. and feelings—depression, anxiety, frustration, fear ( natural
byproduct ) , withdrawal.

Change masters continuously seek opportunities to learn. He has to be at the
edge to receive new information. A CM must know body language secrets . He has
to be a conflict resolver, resource allocator and information disseminator. He
will not mistake verbal agreement for behavioral implementation. He must have
the courage and stamina to implement the change. In addition to technical skills
he needs process skills –people skills like empathy ( putting yourself in their
shoes ) , communication and participation (getting people to participate
).Change requires decisions --lots of them . The CM must not be the type who
cannot take a decision on his own without asking mummy.

He can surface and address peoples anxieties, which may be difficult in cross
organizational communist cultures, characterized by rationality and emotional
inhibition. He not only has to plot a realistic path but also has to mobilise
hearts and minds through effective communication strategies. He will not ignore
the receptivity, the interests, expectations and prior beliefs of the audience.
He understands that compromise is a good umbrella but a poor roof.

He knows for sure which harbour he is making and hence knows which is the right
wind .While approaching changes he knows where to begin. He puts action ideas on
the LAN connected computers for total transparency ,where all could see it
regularly—and this is updated daily. The CM pays attention to precise areas
where he can make a difference. He will move himself towards their goals. He
keeps people away from the dangerous semi-circle and guides them to the non
dangerous--from the danger phase to the opportunity phase. He helps the 4
stripers to develop the tools of CHANGE MASTER , so that his legacy can remain.

The CM understands re-organisation , corporate culture changes and value changes
and behavior changes. Today competence is based on attitudes, approaches,
innovation, values. Organizations today have to be organized for constant
change. Hence the reason for the structure to be flatter and less hierarchical.
You cant move through change and keep previous levels of tight control over
people. You can gain control over change by giving it up.

Encourage development of newsletters , new logos or slogans or recognition
events to help celebrate of reflect the change. Teach the skills to learn how to
learn. Activate a flexible response and learning cycle. Encourage self
management. Inform each person that he or she is accountable for some aspect of
the change. There must be some bonus for special efforts.

He creates a positive internal climate that is receptive to change. Focusing
effort is an important part of effective change management. Change aims need to
be articulated in a simple way so that everyone understands the need , use
metaphors to clarify change concepts. Example -- Branding mind picture: if this
product was a motorbike —it would be a Harley Davidson.


People who have overcome major crises or handled serious trauma exhibit a sense
that they can handle whatever life throws at them. These people look for what
they can do and take action. This usually occurs despite having less than
complete information. Stress hardy people develop a sense of personal power by
having an active approach to change. If one avenue is blocked or frustrated they
do not throw down the towel and cry for mummy. They try something else. As you
take action you will discover new sources of energy and new possibilities. Never
forget, one form of influence is gathering information. It can help you to gain
control. Avoid putting lot of energy into things that you cant control--
mindless ceaseless striving, spinning wheels, reacting -- , lest you burn
yourself out. If you are putting your energy into things that can make a
difference you will feel a sense of mastery and confidence in your strategy.

When you try things that you are not 100% sure will work, you are taking a risk.
Successful change managers take risks frequently. Risks are uncomfortable, but
they are the only way a person can grow. Successful change managers can pick
themselves up after defeat and bad times and start again. They will not let
adversity weigh them down. Most great people in history have proved their
greatness after rebounding from adversity.

Some people do not want to ask for help as it will be seen as weakness or
inadequacy. In times of change other people are key resources who help you deal
with change. They provide support, they help you respond to the new situation. A
leader never does things alone. Rather leaders are valued because they inspire
others to accomplish things together. A feeling of camaraderie helps everyone
move along the change cycle. Support is a buffer against stress. Having a
support network is no use unless you use it. It is important to re-evaluate the
support net regularly. We are often limited because we do not know what is
available.

Information is power in a world filled with change. Networking is based on
building relationships. A good network reaches beyond your comfort zone. In
times of change the information you need is seldom available in books or on
Google search . When formal networks have shifted or disappeared, the informal
network is very much alive. Network relationships are not the same as
friendships. You can have a support relationship with people you do not know
personally. At the core of networking relationships is the willingness to learn.
Are you willing to learn things that are different than you think they are. When
things change many relationships fall into flux. When things change fast there
will be points of tension and expectations have to renegotiated and polarised.
Difficulties between people occur because they are reluctant to bring up pinches
they feel with each other. Be ready to listen to other people’s difficulties and
to find a common ground.

A goal is an overall destination. Objectives are points you must reach along the
way. For example the goal could be to install a new computer. Objectives would
include considerations of cost, performance, software support, etc.

Problem solving in a group can take the following forms— ---individual
domination, where one well informed and competent employee filibusters and
controls the topic. —where the status of the employee controls acceptance and
rejection –--where employees overflowing with “positive attitudes” rush into a
solution to avoid a conflict or debate —where employees play to the gallery and
are afraid to differ with each other, to flow with the past practice of
consensus .

Conflict and debate can be a positive force in reaching a sound decision. Sound
decisions are the goal of adaptation to change. Inaccurate assessment and hasty
conclusions does not address real problems. Disagreement is a major contributor
to development of alternatives. Without a full range of alternatives an
inappropriate decision may occur.

Sometimes transition structures are necessary. Establish special ways of working
together and temporary organizational structures—make sure you demolish them
before you leave.

No force on earth can dent the LEGACY OF A GOOD CHANGE MANAGER after has earned
his HUZZAHS and left the field--- such would be the tremendous and mind boggling
influence he had wielded.


THE 21ST CENTURY SUPERVISOR :--

Creating NAS ( new age supervisors ) who are ACCOUNTABLE is part of the Change
Manager’s job.

Now who is a NAS? And what is this accountability thing? —read on-- The NAS runs
a tight ship. He does not care for popularity medals. He would rather be
respected on basis of results he obtains through his staff than be liked for
giving three bags full of Ghanta (overtime). He does not understand or care for
the the term “business as usual” in this changing world. Rather he does
understand the term “much more with much less “ . He does not want his
performance to depend upon third rate staff, hence he is smart enough to put
himself in a position to get the very best available. He does not have too much
time for people who do not work smart , who cuts corners and cannot build in
quality as a work culture . He challenges the “old way”of doing things. He bases
normal operations on tighter budgets, tighter deadlines and faster pace –without
relaxing standards for quality.

He can quickly spot and correct un acceptable behavior by one time
vaccinations.. He can anticipate trouble and handle the situation without being
heavy handed , before it grows up into a big problem that affects quality. He
sets a good example and gives everyone a week or so to adjust to his style. He
can approach a skillful but difficult staff member in such a non overbearing way
, that the person improves his behavior without being lowering his standards.
Converting such people into team players is a valuable part of his job. He will
stay cool and solve the problem--- not win the argument. He refuses to take
things personally with problem employees, as it is a productivity matter not a
personal contest. He treats working with a difficult person as a challenge, he
will not go into the sacking mode or depression about it. He show strength under
pressure and can tackle problems quickly He knows that problems that are ignored
usually do not go away, they get worse. He is smart enough to pitch in to remind
himself or the rest that his technical skills are still honed and sharp as ever
( of course he knows that he is paid to supervise --not slog . He understands
that the fastest way to destroy a relationship is to to make a promise and then
fail to keep it. He sees that the team is rewarded as a group, even if special
recognition is given to one or two people for unusually good individual
performance.

If he appears weak by acting uncertain, tentative or insecure he will not
receive full co-operation. He understands the secret of radiating personal self
confidence , strong image and ability to handle unexpected events—it means
everything. This means he will not get intimidated when dealing with difficult
people or overwhelmed by complex technical problems. He can identify a problem
because he has the knowledge power . He can get a job carried out because he has
the personality power of persuasion, encouragement , persistence and patience.
He will not avoid confrontation when action must be taken. And he can say No
when necessary. When under pressure he will not not slack off on safety or
quality. His attitude sets the pace and the tone for everyone. Remember
attitudes are CAUGHT not taught.

The NAS ( new age supervisor ) understands that knowledge is power and is on top
of his own job. He uses this resource to direct, instruct, coach ( open in full
view and earshot of the team ) and counsel ( private for touchy matters )— roll
all 4 into one for the word mentor. In sport you find that the team that wins is
not the team with the best raw talent—but the one with the best coach who
designs and implements winning strategies. Just as professional athletes and
sportsmen build loyalty towards coaches, the same way your staff will love to
work for this NAS who has the capability to lead them to first rate results. A
tennis player would rather win the Wimbledon than hear sweet nothings from a
useless but sweet talking coach. Leadership means stepping out in front of
others with plans that are well thought out and with new ideas that boost
results, save time and meet expectations. He promotes a lively and stimulating
environment through his own positive attitude. The feeling that comes when you
are in a winning team where all is in control is a good one. Staff members who
feel good about themselves will produce better results. Sustainable motivation
comes from within—like happiness. When he makes a “people mistake” he will
repair the working relationship immediately by effective communications. . If he
allows these mistakes to go unattended he will undercut his ability to get
results through other people. He creates an organized work space where all
resources needed to achieve goals are on hand and available. He moves quickly
and assertively to remove any factor that is demotivating. He ensures that team
members take good care of themselves and avoid injury and burnout. He helps
staff members to improve their individual skills and develop their role within
the team. He sets standards and creates an environment where the staff
understands and meets performance standards of the company. He does not react,
rather he proactively thinks and plans ahead. He stays positive, shows strength
under pressure, establishes high standards of quality, stays reasonable and
consistent within limits. He builds team effort for high productivity, ensures
safe practices and treat every one fairly. He is upbeat and focused on quality
so that his staff responds in positive ways. He knows that if he overlooks
defective work, it will shape their idea about quality in a negative way. He
understands that it is not enough to just put the pressure on. One eye will be
on the budget and the other on deadlines.

He sets a brisk tempo but not a frenzy which causes strain. As a Master when you
join a ship and set low standards ( when all and sundry are testing controls to
check you out ) you will find it impossible to expect high performance later. He
handles mistakes quickly and calmly. When things go wrong – he stays cool under
pressure, collects the facts , identifies the problem and develops an effective
solution. He balances his authority with a sense of humour. Establishing good
relations on a individual basis most often means listening instead of talking.
He will quickly talk and listen to anyone who does not meet his standards or
limits so that they do not have any doubt about what he expect. He has the
personality and has the aura of a leader (like Imran Khan ) , for it makes his
job that much simpler.

Pro-active planning enables him to put the right resources, in the right amount
, in the right place at the right time, ( as simple as making babies , right?
Tee hee ) before his staff starts using time and resources which do not get
results and jack him. Wake up calls can be rude and costly. He solicits feedback
from all –not a select few


He is not a picky jerk supervisor who always lies in ambush , waiting and trying
to catch people making mistakes—instead set basic goals which all understand
what to do and how to do.. Almost all enjoy working in an environment that has
high standards and reasonable limits. And nothing undermines your authority
faster than playing favourites—sometimes this could be a challenge , but take it
from me , you must meet this head on right from the start..

And remember nothing beats the positive effects of a good start.


@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ ACCOUNTABILITY

For Change to work the CM must check if he has been successful in instilling a
sense of ownership for accountability --

People who own their own cars are more inclined to wash them regularly. This is
why communism failed. Accountability was fostered by fear of retribution. Even a
baby girl like to take care of her own doll. Ownership whether in things or in
ideas promote accountability.

When managers become fire fighters , making all the decisions and solving all
the problems the employees become uninvolved and underused , with no sense of
ownership. Without ownership there is hardly any accountability.

Accountable managers do not have behavior patterns such as blaming others,
making excuses, denying responsibility etc. Developing open , trusting mutually
respectful relationships is the best way for building accountability. Managers
must be accountable for results even if they delegate the work to others—for
delegation is not abdication. Ultimate accountability cannot be delegated—you
can delegate responsibility for results or authority to produce the results. A
Master of a ship or a manager ashore gets paid to be accountable. Many Chief
engineers or even Tech Superintendents think that the Master is not accountable
for the state of his engine room. The Bosun may be responsible for the paint
room but the Chief officer remains accountable for the state of the paint room.

When mistakes result in rebukes , ridicule, interrogation, angry lectures,
suspension , loss of salary increments, probation, written documentation of poor
performance etc an unwritten rule is communicated to all. In this neck of the
woods ,never make mistakes. This results in resistance to change for the better
as this increases the probability of making mistakes—and why set up yourself for
pain and heartache? So the obvious answer is to cover it up and SHOVE IT UNDER
THE CARPET. Rather than being accountable for their actions employees are taught
to be anxious about making mistakes and to protect themselves from pain.
Mistakes cause him fear of discovery, embarrassment from peers and feeling of
self disgust. Mistakes are opportunities for coaching employees to be more
comfortable about being accountable. Coaching employees through their mistakes
is a step by step mentoring process as a learning procedure and to strengthen
relationships. Help them to learn to ask their own questions and think for
themselves. Ask—how will you make sure this mistake will never happen again.
When you communicate effectively with employees they are more likely to feel
trusted and respected by you. This in turn makes them want to honor their
commitments to you and the net result is maximum accountability.

One of the best ways to build rapport with some one is to match that person’s
dominant personality type or style. People could be swearing and talking yet
have a fantastic rapport with each other—they are in sync with each other and
talking the same medium—have you seen the TV serial American chopper, where they
build custom motorbikes. One of the most powerful truths of human behavior is
“what ya stroke is what ya get”—the transactional analysis system of social
psychology called every form of attention a “stroke “. Don’t misunderstand me
and start stroking that pretty girl working in your office ( tee hee! ) and land
up in the pen.



Stroking at the work place ( like foreplay before sex ) is a HR management art.
This stroke is not an ego-massage, on the contrary it is about the powerful
human need of attention ( which causes kids to do outlandish things ) —let me
not digress. If ya give your attention to meeting goals and being accountable
this is what ya get. Strokes could be praise to reward the “little kid”, it
could also be asking for suggestions or just plain listening.

Accountable managers delegate for results with check points for deadlines --not
to just assign tasks or act as a overdependent manager or mere middle man.
Effective delegation fosters ownership and accountability.

When you and another person are on the same frequency you feel connected to each
other. You can recognize rapport when eye contact is made, when there is
politeness , when both are speaking at the same tone and volume and at the same
emotional level. The pace of the conversation is relaxed. Active listening
involves head nods, or verbal responses like I hear you/ I see/ go on.

A goal is a statement of outcome you hope to achieve in a clearly defined time
limit. It must be achievable and measurable—like a football inside the net
before the final whistle. A goal achieved after the deadline is no goal at all.
Remember Moses and his disastrously led unending ,unmeasured and acrimonious
march to the promised land .



 Agoalstatementisnotanactionplanorato-do-list.Whatgetsmeasuredgetsdone.Hencetrac
 kingprogress,anticipatingandspottingchallengesalongthetrackisparamount.Agoalmus
 tbeachievable—jumpinguptothe10thfloorfromgroundinhardlypossible.

Employees who are committed to goals with a sense of ownership will be more
accountable than those who have to accomplish with some one else’s goals. By
involving employees in goal setting and planning , you can have a team of people
with pride in their team, enthusiasm for their work and maximum accountability
for their actions and decisions.

As long as you are the only person who can do important tasks well, you block
your own advancement—the solution is to provide training.

Delegation is not dumping. There has to be a system for follow up evaluation.
The employee must be encouraged to ask clarifying questions. When you decide the
delegate choose from the following options— who would be the most qualified? Who
would be excited about doing this job? Who needs the growth experience? Who has
the time to spare? Who could handle this after some training? Who has the power
to do this? Naturally you do not want a sullen faced , unqualified person who
does not care for this particular growth experience nor can spare the time—and
assigning responsibility without appropriate power will always guarantee
failure. This means that after delegation you have to inform whoever concerned
or the relevant departments that so and so has the authority to request for help
if required. Remember your delegation act is incomplete until you have told all
who may be affected . Once the job is delegated receive information about the
progress so that you do not have to hover over his shoulder which may be
construed as distrust. Remember delegation is an opportunity to strengthen your
relationship with your team and to empower them.  A clear deadline helps to
focus efforts.


Most people like to be asked rather than told what to do, as a subtle
demonstration of respect ( however, on the bridge you must not ask the
quartermaster if he could kindly execute hard-a-port so that you may avoid
imminent collision!! ). You must receive a commitment—not a “I will try”—such an
failing prophecy from the starting line could be self fulfilling .

When you have to confront someone in order to work towards a commitment for
change it is all right to call a timeout when emotions erupt to allow for a
poise recovery, and you will be respected for this . A low emotional level is
necessary to avoid triggering emotional responses, exaggeration and for
feelings, wants and needs to be acknowledged and respected. An important element
in handling the mistakes of others is to choose an appropriate time and place.

There is a big difference between a leader and a manager. Leaders are respected
men of vision who can communicate well. A manager is someone who gets something
done through other people. A good manager can be a leader, if he has clear
goals, involves employees in developing goals and decisions, helps them to plan
action , motivates them and is a good listener.


@@@@@@@@@@@@ INTERVIEWS

A CM must know how to conduct interviews, it is an essential skill--

Interviews are an important part of the communication process. Interviews can be
graded as appraisal, coaching, counseling. They can even be used to improve the
image of your organization.

An interview is not a social occasion—but it MUST start with some friendly and
pleasant general questions---in fact anything other than the purpose of the
interview. A strained environment is not conducive to an effective interview. A
well conducted interview , shows gut feeling biases , the door. The purpose of
the interview must not be a secret. It must be enjoyable to both parties. First
impressions count a lot –on both sides. Your first greeting will have a strong
bearing on the performance of the interviewee.You must not lose your train of
thoughts during the course of the interview, so use a separate private and
soundproof room and keep your mobile off . Unless it is a disciplinary interview
avoid sitting 180 deg opposite behind a desk, to promote free discussion.

Superior/ patronizing approach or rudeness or even slouching in your chair will
get you nowhere and will not help you achieve your desired objective of an
exhilarating positive exchange. An interviewer with an attitude problem is
unlikely to gain the respect of of the interviewee. Don’t treat him as a second
class citizen and be fair. Once your arrogance is matched by a suitable response
–the interview is dead. Don’t quote anything which can be challenged—say-- we
are the biggest chemical operator in the whole world or we pay the highest wages
in the market.

Questions are of 2 types open ended and closed. After a cricket match , when the
mike is thrust in front of the “man of the match” or the captain, you would have
heard open ended questions which does not deserve a simple Yes / No or a terse
one word short answer , and puts the interviewee at ease. Open ended questions
give less opportunity for bluffing. Now , how do you find out the most about
other people –by asking questions and listening—both.

It is important to help out the other person by at least a nod or a smile. When
you show your body language—honest is NOT the best policy . But ensure that what
you say support your body language. Usually those who look away when you talk to
them are nervous or have something to hide. Try to assess the character,
attitude and the ability of the person, for you are there to see the real person
, not some one who is good in play acting. That reminds me of the newly promoted
judge who wanted out—he wanted to be reverted back to a lawyer—for he would
rather bullshit throughout the day than listen to bullshit throughout the day.


Coaching interviews are usually one to one training, a skill used by CMs’.. The
objectives could be to teach new skills, build on existing skills or to make the
employee feel part of a worth while team. It can be intimidating and most would
prefer a conventional training course. Hence is it important to know the persons
bio data and who where exactly to connect to him- or you may be as well trying
to teach a cat to meaow, which it already knows , better than you. Be patient
with the not too bright ones—show that you care, and help him out. Follow up
interviews must measure the progress made since the last interview and the
problems which he encountered along the way. Show some tolerance for some
failure. Handouts and homework are important parts of a coaching interview.

A counseling interview is to help an employee overcome a problem that is
hassling him. You are expected to lend a friendly ear and a hefty shoulder on
his wheel. It can be initiated both ways. If you feel you are getting out of
your depth—call in the expert.




STRESS BUSTING AGAIN-- In my previous mentoring piece (5) , I had
written—happiness is the best stress buster and had given a few tips. Since I
have been accused of holding back some goodies , and on popular demand-- I am
including a few more tips for happiness.

Enjoy your vacation, spend some money --


My vacation “sweet spot” song:--

Gonna shake my tree - gonna shine mE light Gonna make a little magic – gonna
raise some hell Don't need no license, don't need no insurance Don't wanna
hustle, just wanna be cool

All my best laid dreams are now for catchin' Can't stop this thing I started
Can't stop this course I plotted Run senses run, Oh Love this sweet spot



Never short sell yourself. The minute you settle for less than what you deserve,
you get even less than what you settled for. When it comes to self esteem, how
you treat yourself is as important as how others treat you. Recognise your own
self worth and learn to value yourself. There is a sense of contentment in
liking the way you are, being your own natural self and not having to fake it.
Reflecting your true natural self causes nil stress. Happiness and low self
esteem are bad bed fellows. True stability comes from your commitment to stand
by yourself.

And about how about putting your finger in the eye of the jealous cynics—

My “ I’m so crass- aint it tragic?!” song:- ( for the cynics )

Years may have made me old, but they've sure made me wise I'll stand on my hard
earned drive, n watch your ego balloon go bust Let your conscience be your guide
'til we meet again, Who are you gonna run to, when your ass is on the line? If
you need a helpin' hand , maybe i won't pass you by!


Be at peace with yourself. Accept the ying and yang cycle—dawn after dusk—spring
after winter --develop a positive attitude to daily life. A positive mindset
allows you to emphasise the good and ignore the bad. You can pick the good out
of a bad situation, because no situation is really bad. It is upto you to
recognise it. The human mind can be programmed to do this. You have an
option—wallow in unhappiness and self pity –or bask in the sunshine of positive
thoughts and happiness. A happy man is not he who seems thus to others—but who
seems thus to himself ( check out Vadakayil )


DHEA release. A smile releases feel good DHEA hormones in our system. It is
important to express your dissent and let out steam —or you risk displaying
passive aggressive behaviors and be moody and politically cynical. Anger is a
sign of weakness. Unpleasantness creates tension and unhappiness. Follow your
emotions but know when to control them. An easy and calm mind can only be
attained when emotions are allowed a safe expression.


Drop your ego. How you think about people and how you react to them is extremely
important to your own happiness. Are you the immature and negative type who will
mistreat people who has not given you enough importance or massaged your ego?
Will you bristle with indignation the moment somebody points out your error. (
never accept the malicious criticism of a jealous deceitful person! ). An
inflated ego can never allow a person to behave normally. Thoughts of petty
minded revenge can harm your emotional and physical self and can cause you much
agony. Your childhood was carefree because you had no inflated ego. Take a break
and examine all you past relationships gone sour—the common factor was
ego—right? . Harsh words are needless arrows which cannot be retrieved. See
innocence in mistakes.

Give Giving is a joyful experience that benefits the giver more than the
receiver. Giving away what you do not require is not charity, on the contrary
giving away what you value is charity. Most relation ships are based on greed,
ulterior motives and self interest. See right through unhappy and unsharing
people who live for themselves. Little drops of kindness makes a huge
difference. Don’t ignore your conscience which is the mirror of your soul.

Privacy and blast Solitude and privacy can be blissful as it provides the much
needed time for introspection and self assessment when you lose direction —to
set you back on the path of happiness. Invest in honest friends whose sunshine
you enjoy being in and with whom you can remove your mask and let your hair
down. Once in a while take a  break from the rat race. -- have a blast , let the
good times roll and leave the world behind --to release those repressed enzymes
and DHEA hormones.. Listen to your heart and feel like the “lil child of the
west wind”. . True happiness does not lie in the multitude of friends—but your
choice and their worth, with whom you can have a good conversation and spend
quality time.


Be creative Do something creative every day, do not vegetate— get off your high
horse and grow intellectually. Don’t dwell in the past—live in the present.

No Learn to say no and to draw the line. Accepting the fact that something is
unchangeable makes it easy for us to adjust to it. Sometimes it is better to
mould ourselves to suit a situation than to change every thing and end up
frustrated. . And just imagine –not having super high expectations from
anyone—wont your life be much happier? Do your best but don’t expect others to
be perfect. Striving for perfection from others can lead to unhappiness—as the
world is such an imperfect place


Victory laps The harder the conflict the more glorious the triumph. Your inner
reserves of strength can only be tested in times of struggle. Happiness requires
problems, for happiness is not pleasure –it is victory. A man taking a victory
lap is happy as he is expressing the unbound joy of a deed well done, the joy of
achievement or the thrill of creative effort, like writing a symphony. It is the
afterglow of satisfaction that comes after achievement that demanded your very
best—unlike the cowardly US effort in Iraq ( and imagine they had hollow victory
laps and ticker tape parades! ) . A victory lap is for yourself—no animal or
bird tries to impress others. You cannot be truly happy after cheating in an
exam or rigging a contest. Happiness must overtake you—you must not overtake
happiness.

Inner stuff A close knit family, a clear conscience which includes the feeling
that you have not been ungrateful to your old parents, the knowledge that the
people whom you love are happy, a positive cash flow ( ha! Yes!!) , something to
hope for , someone who gives you unconditional love –it could be a pet-- and a
good imagination.

Change To grow you must adapt yourself to the NEW ORDER—or you remain vulnerable
and unhappy in the unfamiliar zone. No one can change the inevitable. Accepting
this wisdom saves undue frustration and misery.



Continuity gives us roots--change gives us branches allowing us to grow and
reach new heights -

We cannot change anything unless we accept it.- Carl Jung
********************************************************************************
TIME MANAGEMENT-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




MANAGING TIME LATERALLY-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

This piece on TIME MANAGEMENT is for Masters of ships and top management ashore.

As usual I am leaving it un edited and deliberately disjointed.

Yesterday I bumped into a long haired John Abraham look alike dude at the Forum
mall in Bangalore . My 19 year old son had me in tow in his quest for World Cup
endorsed Adidas football shoes. The dude sported a T shirt with “ so many gals “
in front and “ so little time” on the rear. .


I reached up and put a patronizing paw on his shoulder and drawled “ Son , you
need to learn TIME MANAGEMENT ” . Pretty soon he was breathing down on me —him ,
with his long haired mean look , sizing mE Sir Henry Morgan whiskers and obscene
biceps.


Much to the relief of my pacifist son he decided in all his wisdom not to throw
a punch and instead asked “ and how could I do that?” .

I offered instant wisdom “ Use the law of forced efficiency --- MANAGE TIME
LATERALLY”

Now--The law of forced efficiency states that there is always enough time to do
the most important things. Ok, you cant make time stand still or buy time or
reverse time —but you can at least make it run. Like how I used to make the
Solankis and Tandels run at sea. It is no secret that Vadakayil got 12 months of
work done on derailed Sichem Pearl in 4 months. I’ll let out a huge chunk of the
secret now itself . My walkie talkie was on all the time except when I slept—no
shipboard travel for conversing was allowed—all official communications had to
be on walkie talkie as a primary business tool—conversations had to be to the
point and crystal clear like masters orders to the quarter master on bridge
while entering port with no scope for please, thank you or yaar shaar type fuzzy
talk. In one swift move I heart punched the parasites and middlemen.

The best way for a layman to get a hang of time management is the vision of
Michael Schumacher roaring into the Formula One racing pits in his red Ferrari.
After exactly 5.9 seconds he roars off. . Just stop reading for a while and
relive the scene in your mann- mandir. Did you see focus? Did you see
concentration? Could you see finger tip preparation? Did you see any pregnant
turkey on the job putting his hands into motion without engaging his brain in
gear?. Was the time frame known to all ? Did the team understand the law of
sowing and reaping? Was there a honing of key skills? Did every thing count?—did
the team understand that everything they did either helped them or hurt them?
–was any action neutral? In short was TIME LEVERAGED by the central organizer
cum leader ? Was there a bullshit cliché 30% work expansion rule in sight for
the usual screw ups cushion? Was there fuzzy conversation?

Vadakayils law: Don’t put your mouth or hands into motion before you put your
brains into gear—unless you are a reflex action trained Sukhov 30 MKI pilot
engaged in a do or die dogfight with an F16. Action without thinking is the
cause of every failure. –and failure is the BIGGEST time waster.


I had written about “humour quotient” – in my vision for the next century. I
wrote that no manager would be employed without HQ. Time has come for me to
expound for lot of managers are bound to confuse frivolousness and Mr. Bean type
buffoonery with HQ. HQ has got every thing to do with a phenomenon called
LATERAL THINKING. This is all about using the right brain lobe more effectively.
The human brain has 2 lobes—left and right. The left side is used by all and
sundry in short the VERTICAL THINKERS– the right lobe by very few who are
capable of LATERAL THINKING.


The right lobe deals with humor, creativity , insight, music , color, surprise
etc. Logic , reasoning and experience is handled by the left lobe. Humor does
not appeal to the sense of logic—only to the sense of interest. Humor management
promotes flexible thinking. Humor encourages novel approaches and promotes
innovation by making it legitimate to think in illogical ways. It is an
expression of freedom of the human spirit. Humor provokes new patterns and
generates new ideas. Humor breaks out of the concept prisons of old ideas.

When I talk about a mental hop it is about securing a good connection with the
right brain lobe. The Indian Yogis touch their thumb with the middle finger (
instant mudra ) to kick start this mode. Recently a guy by the name of Silva has
lifted this millenniums old “DIVING INTO THE SUBCONSCIOUS” Indian yogic concept
to ring in his own cash registers “ . By the way Viagra kick starts your other
hop—tee hee.

What is this lateral thinking all about---

Don’t shut down your right lobe and your sub conscious and evaluate against
experience using the left lobe –for the conscious brain cannot multi task. A top
manager who cannot multitask can never be a top notch performer.

Lateral thinking recognises that the approach to a problem is never as important
as its solution. It cares two hoots for logical thinking which is the way
computer software programs work. The tool of insight is a creative gift called
lateral thinking. The good part is that lateral thinking can be learnt—you need
not be born with it. Brainstorming is one buzz term all are familiar with—well
this phenomenon is closely associated with lateral thinking—I’ll come back to
this later ( avoiding time loss due to hasty decision induced firefighting ).

Vertical thinking using the left lobe of the brain is all about being right and
logical at EVERY sequential step—it blocks all illogical pathways. Lateral
thinking is more concerned with the wealth of thoughts . A vertical thinker and
a lateral thinker had to go up a mountain with a large unwieldy piece of
baggage. Guess what the lateral thinker did—he went up the mountain without the
load ( he took his thinking cap along ) looked down from the peak for the best
way to bring the head load up—and went down and brought it up . Well this was
what the genius navigator Magellan did. He did not bluster his way through
Magellan straits with his band playing “ kadam badhake aage chal” on the
forecastle —he would take a small boat ,climb up a mountain and do some mental
mapping from a vantage position before he took his ship through. Anybody who has
been through Magellan straits will know what a tour-de- force his exploratory
path was.

A lateral thinker is never satisfied with the ADEQUATE beaten track. He does not
drill his tunnel though logical steps to his goal—rather he will leap
frog—opening new pathways. His last few steps is the one which will make his
venture a success. Like building a bridge like the Sydney bridge. When the last
part fits in at the centre—and voila , the bridge suddenly becomes self
supporting and is ready to take on the traffic.

So then the mall attendant approached the vertical thinker and asked “ Sir, may
I know what you are looking for” and he will give a within the framework , usual
, answer “ Oh, I am looking for this and some of that and more of that” . Then
he went to the lateral thinker and asked the same question . The provocative ,
unreasonable and outside the frame work answer was “ I’ll let you know as soon
as I see what I want” .

The much touted and admired EQ of this century is about being right at every
step. The misunderstood and much maligned IQ+HQ with its tinge of madness is all
about being right only at the end. Sometimes the genius will move to an
untenable position to find a tenable solution.


No wonder till now most of the work of the Indian Mathematical genius Ramanujam
who died at a young age , is still unsolved. The cracks where he leap frogged
across deferring logic is still a mystery. He recognized the wisdom that the
need to be right all the time completely shuts out creativity and progress.

Ever heard of making progress forward by moving backward? When this is what
lateral thinking NASA did recently when sending a satellite to a far away
planet. The satellite went the reverse way and catapulted around another planet
to achieve the escape velocity . BRAINSTORMING is the principal tool for lateral
thinking--- you can now recollect self brainstorming when I dived into the pool
of mentoring to locate truths etched on rock.

The crew on Sichem pearl or Fairchem colt/ North contender will remember the
profligate brainstorming exercises we had on the bridge . Lateral thinking is an
anti judgement device unlike logic which survives on “NYET” MANAGEMENT or
rejection. Here you deliberately delay judgement to save time. What does
brainstorming do? It starts a train of thoughts. A group of people not less than
5 or more than 20 give their random thoughts to the chairman. People speak when
they want to speak .Every thing goes. Nobody shall ridicule or shoot down
somebody else’s thoughts . If anybody evaluates somebody else's thoughts—the
chairman is expected to overrule it or expunge it from the minutes unlike a
debate . For evaluation kills spontaneity in this group contribution to
exploration and novel approach. A train of stimulating and provoking thoughts
are generated working outside the frame work of reason—the concern is for change
and not for proof or logic. This breaks out of the frame work of rigid patterns
and cliche units which our mind is so apt to construct because of the way it
handles itself. Judgement or the selective stage is deferred ( procrastinated
)to the the next day with the important men of the same group.

Let me give an example of a successful brainstorming session which I held when I
was a young chief officer on a hectic product tanker by the name of
Visveswaraya. The engineers had their own duty mess where they used to eat in
their greasy boiler suits at odd hours. Well –Mickey mouse made a house there.
Actually it was a huge vicious looking and fearless bandicoot who would charge
at you if you tried to corner him. The master had a mini- crisis as the
engineers refused to eat there till they saw the dead body of Mickey. Now Mickey
was too large to enter a rat trap and sort of immune to rat poison. For the
brainstorming session I called the entire crew list of nearly 60 crew . All and
sundry gave their suggestions. The second engineers steward ( who was plain loco
) also gave his two pennies worth which made every body burst into derisive
laughter. Actually this man was a big liability—but since he had a past track
record of good service and a huge family for whom he was the sole bread winner,
he was tolerated . Now what was his suggestion? He said--- take two buckets one
red , one blue ( which made me wonder if the bandicoot had colour vision ) half
fill the red one with soap water— in the blue one put a piece of salted dried
fish. That was all—he looked confused and all were in splits , some even lying
on the floor in tears of pleasure.

Before I terminated the brainstorming session I sort of made a judgement remark
( now –you MUST NOT deliver judgement or evaluate during or after a
brainstorming session –as a matter of law ) “ I am sure to find a drowned rat in
the red bucket tomorrow morning “ . That night I set up the buckets myself and
locked and sealed the duty mess door. Full night I could not sleep out of
curiosity. Finally after tossing and turning till 5 am I went to the duty mess
with the chief engineer and master key–and sure enough the huge drowned
bandicoot was floating in the red bucket. I guess the scenario unfolded as
follows. Mickey smells the dried fish ( it is the best rat bait, ahead of cheese
) comes out to investigate – the smell is powerful enough to home into the blue
bucket— Mickey jumps right in— eats the fish--- gets his olfactory senses
briefly overpowered—remembers one more bucket holding a possible treat— dives
right into the red bucket half filled with soap water and gets drowned. Success
is the bottomline, gentlemen.

So EQ says PROCRASTINATION means poor time management---just dig the well
deeper, we will find the elusive water yet and have an adequate well. IQ+HQ says
just the reverse ---PROCRASTINATE JUDGEMENT TILL THE NEXT DAY. THE GENERATED
ALTERNATIVES ARE SIFTED THROUGH IN THE SELECTIVE STAGE FOR THE MOST OBVIOUS ONE
OR AN ALTERNATE STARTING POINT. Dig a few holes here and there –they must be a
better and beyond the adequate place to reach the fountainhead.

Time for some light humor--- The vertical thinking tall man with a blood soaked
turban went to the doctor. He was traveling in a bus and every time the bus
lurched he hit his head on a sharp nail by the side of his head. The doctor
cried “ You poor man—you should have exchanged your seat with some short guy ”.
The man said “ I tried to exchange my seat all the time—but there were no short
guys in the bus—in fact I was down right alone in the bus” .

Compare this with the lateral thinking thirsty crow of Panchatantra fable fame
who put tiny pebbles into a deep pot to bring the water up to where its beak
could reach. Many onlookers accustomed to cliché stuff would have accused this
genius crow of running around in concentric circles .


So then if you want to manage time the lateral way—say good bye temporarily to
analysis and judgement rock logic ways of Socrates, Plato and Aristotle--- the
mass production factory scenario time saver mentality of the Oxford certificated
Industrial Engineer . . . welcome to the wonder world of water logic by
proactive design. There is really no substitute for commonsense when it come to
managing time laterally. For work mysteriously expands to fill up the available
time. And consider this —those you live closest always arrive latest.

Having said so much—can killing time be called time management? It depends on
the larger picture. Imagine your football team is leading by a lucky goal
against a stronger team and your team is playing 9 to their 11 players due to 2
red cards given by the rogue referee—only 3 minutes are left for the final
whistle. Be the master of time—not its victim.

Time is on our side the moment we organize it. Effort X time = constant.

WORK SMARTER –NOT HARDER. Your objective must be to get the best from your
subordinates –not the most. Be more concerned with thinking rather than doing.
Manage your time pro- actively rather than passively letting time drip on your
head. Measure results not activity. Time management means determining what to
do, when to do and how long to do. Time should not be measured in minutes and
hours and our long haired dude with the fancy T shirt—rather it is the effort
invested in the task and the significance of the task. It means doing the most
important job NOW. It means dramatic reordering of priorities . It means not
misplacing your energies—by spending inordinate indecisive time on low priority
tasks ( or the Big Ethels ) , leaving little time for the essential ones (
Aishwaryas and Angelina Jolies ) like our longhaired dude.

Time management is the also the inherent ability to separate chaff from the
grain within a dead line. It involves constant choosing between what is less
important and what is more important. The lateral thinkers call this CREATIVE
ABANDONMENT ( Duh- wha? How can you be creative when you abandon? Duh?) Do not
waste time on the impossible just to show that you have 3 full bags of positive
attitude and you are THE company man.. A good time manager puts all jobs on a
graph with time on the Y axis. He will not get involved in routine and detail.
He can juggle 5 or 6 different tasks simultaneously and do them all well. He is
effective—not efficient. Effective means—doing the RIGHT job right.

The law of excluded alternative says that doing one thing means not doing
something else—as a deliberate choice. The lateral thinker calls this freeing up
time so that there is always enough time to do the most important things. I with
held this wisdom from the long haired as a matter of choice.

Imagine time management being done by a parcel chemical tanker on time charter
or a team doing open heart surgery—you get a general idea, what planning,
preparation and OJT ( on the job training or mentoring ) is all about.
Inadequate planning and preparation gives the illusion of too little time.


Time is money. Time once lost can never be regained. Time which is irreplaceable
and irreversible is a great leveller and treats all the same. Money is
safeguarded. Same way time must be safe guarded. Time management is an attitude
of accountability , flexibility and a dramatic re-ordering of priorities . A
manager who cant manage his time is indeed a real asshole.

I was recently ridiculed by a friend that workers from my home state of Kerala
wasted 15% of their time by constantly hoisting up his lungi tying it up loosely
which would require retying in another 10 minutes. ( you have to see this to
believe this ) The paradox was –yet the job was done better. The answer is while
tying up his lungi again—the workers mind was still working –planning ,
conceptualizing and constantly assessing the overall progress. An Industrial
Engineer would never understand this “ discretionary time” water logic.

Treat your senior managers as business partners—not subordinates. Be pro-active.
Time is lost by reacting un necessarily. Look forward –not behind at the ships
wake. Avoid travel by proper communication. Lack of communication is like
cutting off blood supply to an organ—it can cause gangrene. Your crew list is
like part of your own body. Good upward and down ward communication is a must
like the arteries and veins. Do not use walkie talkies or telephones to discuss
sensitive subjects. Punish morons who keep falling into the same dang hole again
and again.


Time spent in reinventing the wheel is wasted time. Paperwork is a waste of
time. Let your papers mature in a drawer before you file it. You will find that
95% of it is worth dumping. Do not us your box files as garbage bins. Destroy
papers which have lost meaning and not required for audits and inspections.
Avoid unnecessary CC and auto mailing lists. Have a good information retrieval
system. Avoid duplication of work especially paperwork.

Leveraging and enhancing time is the ability to accomplish greater quality and
quantity in the same amount of time. Have written goals. Have an external memory
white board on the bulkhead in front of your desk when your 24 hour goals are
written in order of priority. This white board can be a great stress buster.
Reorder your priorities often. Stress and insecurity makes a man defensive and
lose creativity. Every ship I have commanded has such white board external
memory in the master’s day room.

Have a book where your weekly plans are written down. Give category A or B
priority and a dead line for the important ones. Delegate the low priority
category D jobs without feedback.

Solve all problems on the drawing board before it is done physically. Say a
discharging plan or a dry dock list must have a BAR DIAGRAM HAVING TIME ON THE X
AXIS. ONCE THE JOB STARTS THE BAR DIAGRAM MUST BE CONVERTED TO A RUNNING BAR
DIAGRAM. This way you avoid biting off more than what you can chew and disaster
commitments.. Have a quiet hour for planning every day. Your desk must be
functional—not just nice to look at, neatness signifies no great shit.—with the
pending work drawers within reach. To complete a job first begin.

Bust big problems into smaller ones—like how the Japanese build ships in their
village yards like Usuki using sub contractors. At least this busts the “I don’t
know where to start from” syndrome of procrastination. When there is no light at
the end of the tunnel the best is to break up the work into smaller units. The
sense of accomplishing one thing at a time will help you to stay in the drivers
seat.

A job is as simple as navigating across the ocean with limited fuel. Too often
we get bogged down by the means and lose sight of the road. The shortest route
need not be the fastest or fuel efficient route. The marathon man paces himself
till he reaches the destination. He does not sprint burn himself out and then
lie down on the CCR sofa with a Joan of Arc type expression on his face. Be the
catalyst –once you burn yourself out you have screwed up real good and will lose
respect. ENERGY MANAGEMENT and time management is more or less the same if you
think the lateral way.

Fatigue is a huge time waster leading to failure to deliver the goods. Self
discipline, abstaining from trivia , concentrating on creative work, thinking in
terms of objectives are the hall marks of productive managers. Hey! Does anybody
care for hardworking managers who spin their wheels and burn spectacular rubber
unnecessarily?.


 Doesanybodyrelatesweatonthebrowtoefficiency?Isthereanyneedtoconvinceothers(unle
 sstheyarestupid)anddelivertheimagethattheirleaderworksalot.

DC—( digression code ) I remember an electrical officer who could not read a
circuit diagram always having sweat on his brow—tee hee.

Do not get into the activity trap having lost sight of the larger picture---
wherein the activity becomes an end in itself—a false goal. You see such a thing
quite often in a ships engine room. The extreme to this is a chief engineer who
has brainwashed himself that the purpose of a ship is to take the engine room
from point A to point B—not to carry cargo and make money for its owner.

Keep a small diary in your pocket to note down random thoughts and ideas when
you are not at your desk—or you may forget it like the fleeting dream of Sigmund
Freud. Do not leave important thoughts that are essential to be remembered in
the clutches of a unreliable memory.


Creative time spent in planning, preparatory time spent in setting up,
productive time spent in doing the job are all worth it. Overhead time spent in
paperwork and reporting/ overlapping records is a time waster. And ALWAYS the
length of a progress report is inversely proportional to the amount of progress.
Time spent in planning is the biggest time saver. I must repeat--Don’t put your
hands into motion till you put your brain into gear.

Imagine a chief engineer and superintendent spending major part of their time on
nonsense overheads. Imagine a superintendent constantly peeking into the emails
of other ships not in his pool to update his curiosity or personal knowledge
bank—imagine a ships chief engineer having a similar facility to peek into the
correspondence emanating from engine rooms of other ships!! Do I strike a
familiar chord?

Move fast on reversible decisions and slower on irreversible decisions—just like
the open sea and a narrow channel navigation.

Play the ball—don’t let the ball play you. A small digression here. Recently I
went for a dolphin show. It was THE perfect show. It was a revelation when I
realised that it was the dolphin who was calling the shots on its own time
table. Much before the trainer said “ jump” the dolphin was already in the take
off mode.


 Lateralthinkerswillsometimesallowtheballtoplaythem—whichmeanslettingloosetherei
 nsyetbeingincontrol.InmycareerasmastermanytimesIhadescapedfromgravedifficulties
 byapplyingthismethod.AllowinganoniceclassshiptofinditsownwaytotheBelleduneberth
 inheavypackiceaftergettingaleadorallowingtheshiptofindthecentreofthemudswampedc
 hannelenroutetoRosariointheLaPlatariverorsurfingtheicystormnorthofAleutianchain
 (oops!MustnotrevealallmEsecretsandbeburntonthestakebythenoncomprehenders)

Handle only exceptional problems. Do not be relegated to the job of
communication boy—especially in an emergency. I do remember being in the TESMA
conference room with a fire raging on Sigloo Espoo—with the master giving a
pathetic running commentary on air—instead of command and control.

Avoid holding meetings ( especially unnecessary ones ) in prime time—when
everybodys energies are at a peak. Make meetings count. Nobody should depart
after a meeting feeling frustrated that it was a waste of time. A meeting cannot
be a ceremony where people give each other what they want , politically lying to
each other and getting zilch done.

Meet visitors outside your office and converse there.

Work on your ability to recover from interruptions. Learn to live with
interruptions. Treat every one on its own merit.

Delegate down wards. Don’t let parasite cum middlemen subordinates do upward
delegation . Imagine a master working for the incompetent chief officer and not
vice versa--- a scene at Fukuoka shipyard on North Contender.

Avoid perfectionism. Wisdom consists of knowing when to avoid perfectionism.
More often perfectionism is nothing but an ego trip—so spake Osho.

Learn to say NO to anything that is not the best use of your time. But be
available to your staff when absolutely needed. Imagine a master NOT going up on
the bridge when required by the officer on watch.

Keep your waste paper basket well fed. Trivia accumulates fast. Ask yourself
this question as you toss the paper—what would be the WCS ( worst case scenario)
if this paper was consigned to the waste bin ?


To complete a job—first begin. It takes greater energy to start than to sustain.
The unfinished business will act as a stimulus to continue. Unstarted work holds
no such catalysis. Setting deadlines is to kick start people to start. Once you
have started, have the wisdom and flexibility to change. Inability to stop is
called compulsive. Ever heard of a compulsive drinker? TIME MANAGEMENT IS THE
ABILITY TO START , CHANGE AND STOP THE TIME CYCLE—cyclic time is different from
linear time—like machinery running hours of CSM.

So then what are the time wasters? Travel, crisis management and fire fighting,
muncipality type red tape, incompetent staff, excessive turn over ( somebody
humming the tune of --please release me let me go—for I don’t love you any more
), involvement in routine and the mundane, making unnecessary progress reports
and sitreps.

Pen your goals. Pen and paper force you to be clear and precise –even to
yourself. Work on your mental ability to handle projects and multitask jobs.

Handle paperwork at the maximum twice. Keep incoming papers in a drawer to
mature. File only stuff worth filing.

Delegate as much as possible and exact accountability. Train crew towards
independent , unmonitored action. Delegate skilled tasks to the right people.
You should figure out who are the masons and who are the architects in your crew
list. Don’t give the mason an architects work and vice versa. And don’t let a
mason convince you that he is an architect and vice versa--This way you don’t
spend time on undoing. Asking dumb questions takes lesser time than correcting
dumb mistakes.

Coffee breaks for crew must be long enough to give brief relaxation—not to just
gulp down hot coffee and rush back.


Marlon Hontomins ( reverse delegator of Mutiny on the Conty fame ) first law for
the vertical thinkers ---the sooner you fall behind—the more time you have to
catch up.

Hontomins Second law: The slower you worketh the fewer mistakes you shall
maketh.

Hontomins Third law: The more proficient one is at procrastination—the less
competent you need to be in your work.

Hontomin’s legacy: the STUPID shall inherit the earth and its mineral rights.

Now you know why a certain Capt Bligh gave him the boot.


TIME MANAGEMENT IS LIFE MANAGEMENT. When you work with turkeys forget about the
happiness of soaring with the condors ( condor is the great wingspan Californian
eagle ).


Happiness comes when you believe in what you are doing, know what you are doing
and LOVE WHAT YOU ARE DOING and doing it well. You must get a feel that you make
a difference in the world you are in. Set peace of mind as your top goal and
organize your time around it. There is a certain amount of self respect, self
esteem , personal pride, enthusiasm and positive mental attitude you can squeeze
out of effective time management. Check out the energy you derive from working
smarter rather than working harder. Feel the spring in your step—the confidence
you radiate.

Lateral thinking is about starting with the end in mind and crisis anticipation.
Crisis anticipation is termed negative attitude by vertical thinkers using the
left lobe for whom fall back plans are a huge waste of time.The theory of
constraints say that there is a bottleneck for every project—how do you
circumvent or rather pulverize this time honoured and “not so inadequate”
bottleneck?


Control the sequence of events to get the best ROTI—returns on time invested (
this is different from the roti you have in mind –tee hee ). Leveraging time
means doing only the most important things in the available time. This means the
worst use of time to do perfectly well what need not be done at all. This
usually happens to the turkeys who lose the larger picture. ( I hope SPMCT does
not clap on to me –society for prevention against mental cruelty to turkeys )

You could use money to save time ( not buy it )—this is the essence of
outsourcing done by multinational companies—basically it boils down to
delegation to a company whose overheads and hourly rates are lower than yours.

Look closely at the Yankee law of success---FAKE IT TILL YOU MAKE IT . Before
you succeed your must first portray that you are successful. Same way for time
management. First visualize and portray yourself as a good time manager—well
organized and effective—and wait for the magic results.

Every meeting must have a clear written agenda and a deadline. Start the meeting
on time. Assume the late comers wont come. Persistent latecomers MUST feel your
heat. For this discipline yourself to be punctual. When you put deadlines you
force and energise the system. President Abdul Kalam calls such energizing
“igniting minds” – just a misnomer—one of the rare occasions the missile man
misfired.

Lateral thinking is about reorganization—continiously seeking better, faster and
more effective ways to accomplish the same result. World records are being
continuously broken due to such lateral thinking in training. Jumping greater
heights using Fosbury Flip is an example.

F1 racing pits law: DO THINGS RIGHT THE FIRST TIME EVERY TIME. This means zilch
mistakes—zilch time lost in undoing. Organize and simplify the work. There is no
perfectionism here –it is all about every being perfectly in order before the F1
car comes into the pit.


Law of delegation: even when you delegate fully without feedback—order of
priority of tasks must be in your hand.

Lateral thinking is about “back to the future” thinking. Project forward a few
years and look backwards. You need long term vision combined with short term
focus.


BRAINSTORMING is used to identify all possible causes of a problem before you
decide on a solution. The quantity of brainstorming matter you will be quite
surprised to discover will decide the quality of your solution. Aaha—quality
based on quantity? Well this is called anticipatory thinking. A collision is
heavy traffic is all about failed anticipatory thinking.

Spend some time every day to upgrade your skills and hone your intellect with
food for thought.


The lateral thinking person can hold two contradictory thoughts and still
continue to function. He uses mental flexibility as a time management tool. He
has the character to admit easily “ I changed mE mind”

Staying in the wrong company with wrong people around you is a time waster.

A short nap in the afternoon after a heavy lunch is a key time management tool.
Treat this time as a recharging battery time. If you have to avoid this nap—eat
lightly to keep your mind sharp and clear for the entire post lunch session.
Going to bed early when you are tired is an excellent use of time—for you are
recharging your only spent battery which is meant to keep you going .


Do not allow television to be a bad master.--- during working hours, barge in
into the crew and officers mess un announced once in a while .

Ever practiced COMPLETION BY DELETION?—of low value nonsense jobs, passed on to
you by some turkey’s nonsense observation list?— remember my cynical response
and dumping of Caltec inspection list of a certain John Bull.?. Simplifying your
life is all about eliminating unnecessary tasks and activities.


Speed reading and speed typing are major time savers. I do know a couple of old
masters who take 10 times more time to read or type a page of email than an
average guy. If his command of queens English is purrely pedestrrrian then he
might need a dictionary to go along with his chore. This reminds me—once my
Russian chief officer asked me accusingly “ Kaapthan –why you no spik
intherrrnationaal englisshh??” this type English is the subtitle you find in
Hollywood movies pirated Russian CD—coined by some Russian for fellow Russians.

After reading all above --Like the longhaired dude--- if you are indeed
overwhelmed with too much to do with too little time –it pays to remind
yourself—

ALL YOU CAN DO --- IS ALL YOU CAN DO. ( something like—when you got to go, you
got to go ) for after all you are human not a superman.

Altas could hold the whole world on his head –but could not hold his own-- SH#T
.


Capt Ajay Prasad or Capt Sanjay Mehta or Capt Anshuman Jain will remember that
this was the only piece of wisdom I gave him when handing over 4 stripes to
them.

You will never find time for anything. If you want time you must make it. -
Charles Buxton
********************************************************************************
THE FLYING COFFIN MIG 21 -- FISHBEDS OF IAF -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL








 MIG21—THEFLYINGWIDOWMAKERS

All of us have seen the Bollywood movie RANG DE BASANTI made by Aamir Khan. He
tried to address it in Filmi style.

I shall attempt to address it in a cerebral manner.

I am a ship captain , NOT a fighter aircraft pilot.

Readers may wonder how I am qualified to write about a supersonic fighter
aircraft .

All I  can claim is that I can think freely and can shatter the matrix, with
99.9% success rate. It is better that a NON- aero person  comments on this
vexing and sensitive issue -- as there will be NIL excess baggage and limiting
thoughts.  Let some fresh light come in!

-- I have carried jet fuel for MIG 21 air crafts on  product tankers  , --I have
commanded Russian built ships , --I have lead Russian crew , engineers and
officers- where I was the only Indian , --I was in Russia when the Rouble fell
from 1:1  per dollar to 1:70 , in 4 hours flat in 1991-- when communism drove
itself into the ground ,  -- I was in Russia when the Rouble fell further to
70000 per USD and the lights were off , market shelves were empty and no
salaries were paid, -- and the Russian Mafia was born-- --in short I know all
there is to know about Russia and their products and methods for over 38 years.

I do hope the powers that be take note of this blog.


I will NOT take sides –this blog is just a statement of fact.

INDIA HAS MANAGED TO CREATE A WORLD RECORD OF 500 MIG 21 AIR CRASHES IN TIMES OF
PEACE IN A VERY SHORT TIME.


THIS DUBIOUS RECORD CAN NEVER EVER BE BROKEN .

MIND YOU,  ONLY WE INDIANS,-- WHO MASS PRODUCED HEAVIER “ADDED ON HARDWARE”  MIG
21 LIKE AMBASSADOR CARS IN OUR HAL FACTORIES ,  --HAD THIS PROBLEM.


THE REST OF THE WORLD WHICH POSSESSED 13000 MIG 21 VARIANT AIR CRAFTS ,  DID NOT
CRASH IN THE SHAMEFUL  WAY WE DID.


INDIA HAD ONLY 900 MIG 21, OUT OF WHICH WE CRASHED 500. WE CAN HARDLY
CONGRATULATE OURSELVES

Fingers were soon pointed at poorly trained pilots. They had no idea like the
highly trained US pilots how to take in the G force ( can go upto 8 times
gravity ) vector of a tail spin, till the plane reached denser lower air , like
Chuck Yeager .


A shock wave forms on the aircraft when it reaches supersonic speeds. From the
front of the plane, the shock wave appears as a circle, but from the back and
sides, it looks like very sharp spikes coming off the plane. It is a rare and
spectacular sight, only visible in humid weather. Usually the planes are up too
high when supersonic for a visible vapor wave, and since you can't fly
supersonic around populations, very few people have seen it..

The senior brass consisting of grounded ex- MIG 21 air officers who do NOT have
to fly any more and thus risk their thick hides -- joined hands with political
powers who locally licence produced substandard MIG 21 in HAL factories , as 60
year antique technology transfer  , --


--and  bought substandard spares (from Kyrgiztan and Uzbegistan at ¼ f the cost
--to teach Russia a lesson ).  When spares were NOT available IAF cannibalized
--aircrafts for spares .

None of these break away republics of USSR has any metallurgical expertise like
Russia . In India too Metallurgy is a unresearched branch. Russia is No 1 in
Metallurgy expertise on this planet. My ships have taken old high grade Siberian
rail track beams to USA ( hush hush ) for them to make weapon spares.

The young Indian pilots who were assigned to fly these substandard ,
ridiculously CHEAP coffins almost went into revolt. It was theirs to do and die
no more.


But then most of them had NO dang idea was going on!


Ejecting was always the easy option , with some days off for a concussed spine.
A single engine MIG 21 is far heavier than the American and European fighters.
Russians used only high notch light weight MIG 21 – in any case they have
grounded all of them.

In 1953 the legendary US pilot Capt Charles Chuck Yeager, was the first to
experience  INERTIAL ROLL COUPING while flying above the sound barrier at  Mach
2.4.   His aircraft went out of control and tumbled in a inverted spin at 75000
feet. He regained control of his aircraft, like how a champion surfer will
anticipate with a cool head and manage— rather than hit the easy panic button
and  jump into the water ( eject ) .

MIG 21 was designed as a light interceptor with limited range —NOT a dog fighter
or a night fighter or a bad weather fighter .


With every upgrade new stuff was attached , to the original light design.
Russians kept the A grade MIG 21 with automatic correction systems for
themselves ,


--- the low cost grade D came to India in exchange for low quality onions and
--- Nav Bharat Charminar cigarettes , woolen sweaters and Bata shoes ( stuff
--- ONLY for export to Russia which I have discharged in Odessa ). These
--- aircraft would only be given basic operation manuals, so that cutting edge
--- technology of roll stabilization systems  is NOT pirated by Americans.


The yanks at NATO derisively called these HIGH TAIL  planes Fishbeds. ( when the
Sicilian Mafia delivered a fish at your door step , you are dead sooner than
later )

As the supersonic aircraft gets older they start vibrating. This is why Britain
/ France  did not wait for even ONE single Concorde to crash , before they
decided to ground the planes. A lot of MIG 21 fires can be attributed to
hydraulic oil leaks splashing on hot engine, due to machinery misalignment.


The Auto Ignition Temperature of hydraulic oil is less than that of petrol. If
you take two identical steel cups of petrol and hydraulic oil and put it on top
of a Bunsen burner in the lab—the hydraulic oil will burst into flames first.



Supersonic aircraft, reaches a velocity sufficient to bring about a breakdown in
the normal fluid flow of air molecules as they part to make way for the oncoming
object. At such speeds, the molecules of air in and immediately around the path
of the oncoming body find themselves given insufficient warning to move aside in
an orderly manner and are, instead, subjected to violent displacement.
compressibility shock, brings major changes to the patterns of airflow
pressures, densities, and temperatures that surround the moving body.

Birds were swallowed in by the air intake circular nose tip while taking off—
check out  the picture . At super sonic speed the planes fly very high to avoid
sonic boom claims from the general pubic. A bird hit while taking off at low
altitudes cause a smoky flame behind the air craft  , always reported by the
onlookers —this does NOT mean the engine was substandard.

At home i have a HONDA portable kerosene generator .  The Kerosene tank always
get excessive mud and rust inside.


Now superior Kerosene is indeed Jet Fuel. The Indian Kerosene quality ( mitti ka
tel ) is very poor , due to non-existent IOC/ HP / IAF quality control.


I remember when my stainless steel tank ship delivered Jet Fuel to US air force
F16 at an island off Portugal, they took the samples to US mainland , before the
fuel could be used by the F16 with low micron filters.  Once when our company
ship had failed samples,  I was transferred from my ship at Baltimore to Lisbon
. I found out that the problem was back dust at shore tank bottom.


Heavier added on weights with every local upgrade meant that the plane requires
additional after burner engine thrust to even take off due to weight creep .
This plane can reach 19 kilometers high in one minute flat. This causes
excessive burnout in a ill maintained engine while taking off.


The retrofitted heavier than designed aircraft with its high deta tail became
more sluggish and unwieldy particularly during the landing and take off and in
circuit where the aerodynamic control forces decline as a square of the flight
velocity but the inertias remain the same.  A heavy MIG 21 needs lots of energy
to  execute hard turns. The high Delta tail --hoped to substitute for low flying
abiliy, inexperience and proactive resourcefulness of the pilots.




THE INERTIA OF THE HEAVER RETROFITTED FUSELAGE OVERPOWERS THE AERODYNAMIC
STABILISING FORCES OF WINGS AND EMPENNAGE.  Inertial coupling occurs when an
aircraft such as that described above is quickly put into a roll, resulting in
violent pitching and yawing, and loss of control as the aircraft rotates on all
three axes. Inertia coupling on an aircraft usually manifests itself as a
downward pitching; rolling causes the tail mass to be flung upward and thus the
nose to tip down. The pitching can in turn cause gyroscopic yawing.


The Russians are now PISSED OFF  about their high tech pride Sukhov 30 fighters
and MIG 29 being crashed too by the squeamish Indian pilots. Probably the pilots
chicken out and prefer to eject early — a routine thumb rule or legacy as per
MIG 21 flying practise.

Was this a conspiracy to phase off the MIG 21 (which can do 2.1 mach) , and get
a swank and easy to operate fleet in peace time ?   Why not work for a BMW /
Mercedes fleet of taxis rather than a turkey Ambassador or Fiat without
automation , power steering or even a proper hand brake!?


If so they have succeeded for Defence Minister Antony will soon sign a 30
BILLION deal with Russia.

Solution: Stop this HAL retro thing.  Train our pilots in Russia or USA to be
proactive when the aircraft goes out of control .

Have HAL do R&D and take in intelligent young engineers from IIT by paying them
high salaries. No country will give expensive military cutting edge technology
free in return for low quality onions and Charminar cigarettes.  Buy genuine
spares spending money. Only a mindless system which will allow low morale to
creep into the air force.

Bottom line:  There are 2 types of ocean high wave surfers , the proud ,
experienced and well trained ones who keep their balance and can anticipate —the
other is the low morale rookie with low surfing hours who will jump off the
surfboard when he sees a difficult wave.




It will NOT be out of place to put a poll on all Mif 21 pilots, past and
present, if they have ever felt dizzy in mid-air.  Hypoxia-like symptoms can
develop with the oxygen system is not maintained properly.

Grace and peace!

********************************************************************************
THE FIRST SUPARI AND THE TURNING POINT OF INDIAN HISTORY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL













KHYBER PASS,  SAMYUKTA'S SWAYAMWAR WITH PRITHVI RAJ CHAUHAN

The hidden strategic Khyber Pass is a 53-kilometer  passage through the Hindu
Kush mountain range.

It cuts through the northeastern part of the Safed Koh mountains . At its
narrowest point, the pass is only 3 meters wide.  It connects the northern
frontier of Pakistan with Afghanistan, and was the only passage way to ancient
India.

The Khyber Pass has been a silent witness to countless great events in the
history of mankind and a transit trough this rugged pass can be truly nostalgic.

The Indian Aryans first used this high altitude pass at 3600 feet of the Hindu
Khush range , in 4000 BC to migrate to foreign lands after the holy river
Saraswati dried up. They went right up to Mesopotamia, between the Euphrates and
Tigris.

In 326 B.C., when Alexander the Great and his army marched through the Khyber to
reach the plains of India, actually led through,  by the guides of the King of
Taxila, who was bribed with gold.


In 1191 the ruler of Kabul , Shahabuddin Muhammad Ghori was given a bribe (
supari ) in gold by Jai Chandra Rathod, the Gahadvala king of Kannauj of the
Gujjar ethnic group to teach a lesson to a handsome young Indian King by the
name of Prithvi Raj Chauhan III of the Rajput Chahamana dynasty.


Chauhan’s  s kingdom included  the present-day Indian states of
Rajasthan,Haryana, and parts of Uttar Pradesh and Punjab with its capital at
Pithoragarh .

Sanyogita or Samyukta was the stunningly beautiful but headstrong daughter of
Rathod. She had heard of the valour and goodlooks of Chauhan and was infatuated
with him. She started corresponding with him in secret , as her father was at
logger heads with Chauhan. The love between Prithviraj and Samyukta is India's
most popular medieval romance.

On finding out about the secret affair, Raja Jaichand was outraged that such a
forbidden had been budding behind his back.

He decided to marry off his daughter as soon as possible to a worthy king by a
Swayamwar .  In haste he invited the entire royalty from far and wide to the
ceremony, every eligible prince and king - except Prithiviraj Chauhan, much to
the chagrin of Samyukta .

To insult Chauhan,  Jaichand installed a life size statue of Chauhan at the gate
of the Swyamwar arena , dressed up as a doorman.

Chauhan  was provoked and he decided to elope with Samyukta.

On the day of the ceremony, Samyukta walked through the court holding the
ceremonial garland, ignoring the gazes of all her ardent suitors. She passed
through the door and put the garland around the neck of Prithviraj's statue,
declaring him her husband.



Chauhan who was hiding in disguse nearby, immediately ran in scooped her inn his
arms put her on his fast steed and made a daring getaway. This is now legend.

Jaichand seething with anger planned revenge.

He was not strong enough to defeat Chauhan in battle, so he paid the first
Supari ever to a mercenary Mohammed of Ghori, outside India with information as
to how to enter India via the treacherous Khyber pass.

In 1191, Shahabuddin Muhammad Ghori, leading an army of 120,000 men and horses,
invaded India through the Khyber Pass and was successful in reaching Punjab.
Chauhan had a larger army of 20000 men and 300 elephants.  The two armies met at
the town of Tarain, near Thanesar, in present-day Haryana, 150 kilometres  north
of Delhi.


History repeated itself ( like for Alexander  in 326 BC ) and Shahabuddin
Mohammed Ghori's horse cavalry was unable to hold its own against the 300
elephants. Terrified , the cavalry broke ranks and in the utter confusion
Chauhan won easily.

Ghori was made a prisoner. He begged for his life and honourable Chauhan
foolishly allowed him to return to Kabul against the advice of Samyukta and his
wise ministers . This was the biggest mistake which lead to Muslim rule in free
India, for 650 years before the British rule.

Ghori rode back to Afghanistan, and then a year later in 1192 at the Second
Battle of Tarain , defeated Chauhan with a stronger and wiser army.

Chauhan never expected this , as he and his army were still still resting on
their laurels , with even his army staying with their wives,in celebration mode.
Chauhan had pleaded to his father in law Jai Chand for military help. Still in a
deep sulk , he ignored him .

Prithviraj was taken prisoner and was brought in chains before Ghori.  He
eyeballed  Ghori getting him pissed off.  Ghori ordered him to lower his eyes,
whereupon a defiant Prithviraj declared that the eyelids of a Rajput are lowered
only in death.

Ghori prompty put red hot coals in Chauhan’s eyes and blinded him. He killed him
only after humiliating and taunting him for days .

Ghori who was known to be ugly , brutally and repeatedly raped Samyukta and she
committed suicide. Her father Jai Chand in remorse later drowned himself in the
river Yamuna.



Thousands of Rajput women jumped into the fire with their children and killed
themselves ( jauhar ) . Countless hindus were forcibly converted to Islam

Ghori’s  lieutenant, Qutb-uddin Aibak later ruled India and founded India's
first Muslim ruling dynasty. He ruled over India for fourteen years . His son-
in-law constructed the famous Qutab Minar, a mosque and minaret, in his memory.


The defeat of Prithviraj Chauhan also marked the end of Hindu rule in Delhi and
the turning point in Indian history.  From then on, until the Indian republic
was formed in 1947 India was under foreign yoke and slavery.

A land that had been protected by Hindu Kush Mountains on its northwest frontier
now was a thoroughfare for muslim invaders and marauders. All thanks to hasty
steps by Jaichand, the Gaharwar Raja of Kannauj ,who was angry with his own
darling daughter--

-- the first Indian Hindu Supari donor to an alien Muslim goonda.

HINDU KUSH MEANS --HINDU GENOCIDE.

12 YEARS BEFORE HAZRAT KHWAJA MOINUDDIN CHISTI CAME TO INDIA, PRITHVIRAJ
CHAUHAN'S MOTHER HAD A DREAM , AND SHE WARNED HER SON NOT TO TRUST A SUFI SAINT
WHO WOULD COME IN AS A SPY FOR AN INVADER FROM THE NORTH.  SEE HOW DREAMS BECOME
TRUE,  FOR CHISTI WAS A SPY FOR MOHAMMED GHORI.


Prithviraj Chauhan paid the price for ignoring his mother’s advise.  Khwaja
Moinuddin Chisti had told his followers that at Mecca , he was instructed by
Mohammed the Prophet to convert Hindus into Islam.

His Sufi followers poisoned the lake waters ( Pushkar lake and Anagasar lake)
from which the king's army elephants,  horses and camels  drank, as was standard
warfare tactics in the deserts ( poisoning the oasis waters ) .

Below : Anagagar lake

 

Below : Pushkar lake

 

The lakes had to be emptied out manually due to rotting fish and the animals
were weakened due to dysentry, when Ghori had to be battled.


THE FIRST SUPARI IS THE REASON WHY 90 MILLION HINDUS HAVE BEEN KILLED OVER 800
YEARS.  NOBODY CARES --INCLUDING HINDUS .  ALL ARE BUSY BEING SECULAR.
********************************************************************************
MIND OVER MATTER -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


man is the only animal who can observe himself--

a blog is just a tool for me to be more conscious of my feelings, beliefs ,
philosophies and thoughts--

-- and it is non-profitable work --nay--play--

by the way-- religion is a profitable organisation--

as i advance in my blogging efforts , i hope to open the doors of perception
--widen my narrow 5 human senses --

-- progressively observe my growth and understanding about the mysterious
-- supernormal nature of this universefar removed from the classical theories of
-- newton and darwin , where we are insignificant cogs of the universal
-- machinery--


BLOGGING-- a drink of the infinite-- observing consciousness-- you can call this
introspection for awareness, looking within my mind to observe the laws of its
operation-- an exercise to self discovery--

i have a lot to be grateful to the hippies of the nineteen sixtees-- for
recognising the unfinished-- for their legacy of apple, internet and google--
for the cyberspace revolution -- for the information superhighway--

--for collective consciousness of a different type  for unwalled horizons- for
--escape from a life of uninspired existence

--for a scrupulous equation between the ends and the means

fire walkers demonstrate what they can do by shifting their perception-- quantum
physics, mind over matter, is proved here--that we are empowered--


-- first you have to imagine that you are impervious to the red hot coals--and
-- imagine that you are beyond your material body--

we sense the visible universe with our 5 human senses.  the vast invisible
universe is outside these 5 senses. Can we ever explain quantum consciousness
using THE classical 5 (squelched, narrow band) sense theories?

we must use ESP to perceive aspects of this vast invisible universe.

thought is a form of energy.

the pleasure neurotransmitter of the brain is dopamine--- the angry one is
called neuropeptides. these chemicals cause the body to respond in a comparable
way.

this is how thoughts becomes matter .

thinking creates feeling and feeling creates thinking— in a continious cycle,
biological feedback loop..





The real revolution is the revolution of consciousness.

We need to focus our energy of true meaningful change, which has the realistic
ability to support and free all human beings, with no one left behind. We need
to change from inside to eliminate the divisionary materialistic noise, we have
been conditioned to think is true, while aligning with our true empirical
oneness.

THE LAST FRONTIER---THE NEW ERA, IS OF THE MIND ( hopefully quantum
consciousness will be breached by 21st Dec 2012 )

-- there is no matter as such--matter exists because of an intelligent force
-- which holds the spiralling atoms

energy when slowed down becomes coalesced matter which our 5 senses pick up--

YES-- THE HOLOGRAPHIC MIND IS THE MATRIX OF ALL MATTER







Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang
).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum
possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles.. Together they express the
great void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or
to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary
glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented
by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the
oceans for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing
vibrations.. The amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what
the Templar knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine
LSD-- rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL
junk DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA,
and achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are
accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland
is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this
hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in
the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for
Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep,
while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC
raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-
beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of
life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been
measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers,
regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can
vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT
is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a
psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become
active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline
burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant
observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have
too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were
NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its
mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND
LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the
quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and
Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16,
just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT
trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume
Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you
have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters
your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern
mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh
Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of
each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT
external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to
produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now
degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis
, can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life
use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third
eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas
will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the
third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2
strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil
********************************************************************************
EDISON, ACE DELEGATOR CUM PATENT COLLECTOR-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






TINKER TAILOR EDISON--


I just saw something which made me sick to the stomach.


It is a video of a huge elephant by the name of TOPSY being electrocuted by
diabolical Edison--the all American hero




Edison bribed the elephant's trainer to feed a burning cigarette to the poor
elephant,  to get it pissed off--to justify the elephant needs execution.





Slime ball Edison did this just to prove to the world that Tesla's AC
electricity is dangerous . For Tesla had published pictures of himself ( not
dogs or elephants  ) emitting AC 'lightning' from his body.


For months before that he used to give 25 cents to neighbour hood  kids to steal
pet dogs and electrocute them with cameras running.  He would first toss the
poor dogs on the DC grid, the do would yelp and run away-- THEN he would catch
the same dog and toss it on the live AC grid and watch them bust into flames ,
writhe in agony and die.  His diabolical way of proving DC is safer than AC.


Edison could be called the "Father of Capital Punishment"  . Edison secretly
funded the AC Electric chair, though he had nothing to do with AC . It was put
to use for the first time on a prisoner by the name of William Kemler. On 6th
Aug 1890 to prove to the world that AC is unreliable and dangerous to have  at
home, Edison bribed the prison to use 1000 V and insufficient  amperage .
Current was passed through Kemmler for 17 seconds. The power was turned off and
Kemmler was declared dead > However witnesses noticed Kemmler was still
breathing. In the second attempt, Kemmler was shocked with 2,000 volts. Blood
vessels under the skin ruptured and bled, all all saw this unfortunate man’s
body on fire. Due to the smell of burning flesh, all nauseated and horrified
spectators unsuccessfully tried to leave the room. In all, the entire execution
took approximately eight minutes. A reporter who witnessed it also said it was
"an awful spectacle, far worse than hanging." Westinghouse later commented:
"They would have done better using an axe."   So Edison was indeed successful in
this diabolical mission.


THIS FORCES ME TO EXPOSE THIS MAN EDISON -- THE DOLLAR WORSHIPPING HERO.


 iwouldliketheAmericanstoreadthefollowingwithaopenmind,andapplytheirconscience.


Edison was not an inventor at all.


He was just a manager like Bill Gates. The only difference being Bill Gates is a
gentlemen, while Edison was cunning and used to payroll goons with clubs to beat
up people who stood in his way and and burn down what he told them to.


Edison was once considered for the Nobel prize to be shared with super genius
Nikola Tesla. Tesla refused to share the award with such a ridiculously dumb
character, who had NIL foundation in Physics and Maths.


Imagine Bill Gates getting a Nobel prize for doing office administrative work.


The whole world knows that Edison has 1093 Patents to his name.


This is exactly what he was-- a relentless Patent collector -- in a self-
delusion of grandeur.


He has NOT added to scientific knowledge at all to this planet-- he was just a
innovator using others , NOT an inventor--.


He hardly went to school, his knowledge of Maths was NIL. Edison began school in
Port Huron, Michigan when he was seven. His teacher, the Reverend G. B. Engle
considered Thomas to be a daft student.  He just did not have the brains to
understand Maths. His teacher just told him not to come to school anymore--
unable to tolerate this boys dubious and selfish nature.


Edison didn’t learn to talk until he was four years of age. So he had only three
months of formal schooling. At the age of 12 he started business of selling
vegetables and newspaper. Soon he started earning good income, such was his
business acumen. For saving the life of a station official's child, ( nobody has
seen him ) he was rewarded by being taught telegraphy. This proved to be the
turning point of this illiterate boys life.  Did he really invent all of those
1,093 inventions he is credited with?


NO!


He had an army of scientists and innovating engineers on staff at his
laboratories in Menlo Park and subsequently in West Orange, NJ.  It was these
employees who were responsible for almost all of the patents held in Edison's
name.


As employees of Edison's company, the employees could not file for the patents
in their own names. He never shared any profits with his employees though he
became on of the richest men in USA.


A guy could round up and kidnap a busload of children and keep them forever, but
would you call that guy the "world's most prolific father?


He was the antithesis of the lone inventive genius , like Tesla.


The thrust of Edison's work was in the clustering of his patents: 389 for
electric light and power, 195 for the phonograph, 150 for the telegraph, 141 for
storage batteries, and 34 for the telephone.


SO HE FIRST STOLE OR BOUGHT OFF A SHIRT --


THEN EVERY WEEK HE WOULD HAVE A EXTRA BUTTON OR A POCKET OR A PATCH ADDED ON,
--WHICH HE COULD HAVE DONE TOGETHER IF HE WANTED TO -- IN ANY CASE THE PATCH OR
THE EXTRA BUTTON MADE NO DIFFERENCE , OTHER THAN AN EXTRA PATENT--


EACH OF THEM WOULD BE A PATENT, RIGHT ?.  HE JUST RESTED ON THE LAUREL OF THIS
ORIGINAL SHIRT.  THE PATENTS COMMITTEE PLAYED BALL!


 ( Ukranian pole vaulter Sergei Bubka  , unlike Bob Beamon who did it in one
 ( jump)



whaaa?


stealing???


Edison was a thief, employing all kinds of people for their brains, he stole
their inventions, their ideas, so much so, that it is unclear today if Edison
invented anything at all --other than what he stole from others without payment
for the intellectual rights.


Joseph Swan" of Newcastle upon Tyne, England invented and patented the light
bulb an entire year before Edison.  When it was clear Edison's "screw Swan"
defense wouldn't hold up in any US court, he promptly made Swan a partner,
forming the Ediswan United Company and effectively buying Swan and his patent.





In 1881–82 William J. Hammer, a young engineer in charge of testing the light
globes, noted a blue glow around the positive pole in a vacuum bulb and a
blackening of the wire and the bulb at the negative pole. This phenomenon was
first called “Hammer's phantom shadow,” --  but when Edison patented the bulb in
1883 it became known as the “Edison effect.”






Edison acquired a projector developed by Thomas Armat and introduced it as
“Edison's latest marvel, the Vitascope.”. The press who made a difference, was
in his payroll too -- he used to hold dinner banquets for the press--











In 1890 an English inventor named William Friese-Greene, hoping to join this
inventor`s club and wrongly thinking his moving picture process was protected by
patent, set copies of his research to Edison.





Edison then protected his stolen idea with a hired band of club welding thugs
who would bust up the equipment and the operators of movie cameras,  not paying
him for use of his patent.  One of the reasons that the film capital of the
world is in Hollywood is because filmmakers were trying to get away from
edison`s club welding thugs who chased them across the country.



Georges Melies made the 1902 film : "Le Voyage Dans La Lune" (A Trip to the
Moon).  Melies was one of the foremost filmmakers of his day and his greatest
adventure was this film which he poured a lot of money into.



The film was finally made and Melies expected it to make a huge amount of money
when it was seen in America.  It did,   but Melies did not see a cent of it
because Thomas Edison's agents had bribed a projectionist into letting them
borrow it and make hundreds of copies of the film  which were then sent to
America.
  




Edison's film technicians showed these films, all over USA within weeks. Melies
never made any money from the film's American showings, and went broke several
years later (while Edison made a fortune on the film.)




Tesla came to America to work first as an employee of Edison. His job started as
simple electrical engineer but he quickly demonstrated his extraordinary talent
at solving complex problems.  Edison asked him to completely redesign the direct
current motor and generators, offering him $50,000 (1.5 million in 2010) if he
succeeded. Tesla worked day and night to solve the problems and his work led to
several patents.  When he asked for the promised payment, Edison replied to him,
"Tesla, you don't understand our American humor, do you?" Edison didn't have the
background to understand Tesla's explanation of AC current and whatever little
he did understand contradicted what he thought he knew.  Edison was a control
freak. Thus when Tesla continued to develop his idea on his own time and Edison
got wind of that fact, Edison promptly fired Tesla.


After Tesla left Edison he has said " If Edison had a needle to find in a
haystack, he would proceed at once with the diligence of the bee to examine
straw after straw until he found the object of his search. ... I was a sorry
witness of such doings, knowing that a little theory and calculation would have
saved him ninety percent of his labor " -- it was the anguish of a horse working
for a donkey.


Edison (who was intimidated by his employee Tesla's genius), is famous for
saying  " Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration" .  He was speaking for
himself. What Edison sweated over for one month with an army of scientists --
Tesla could do alone in an minute.




At the 1893 World’s Fair, Tesla won the contract to light it. Edison denied the
use of his bulb, Tesla just made his own.


Edison had the assistance of 26-year-old Francis Upton, a graduate of Princeton
University with an M.A. in science. Upton, who joined the laboratory force in
December 1878, provided the mathematical and theoretical expertise that Edison
himself lacked.  Edison himself revealed, “At the time I experimented on the
incandescent lamp I did not understand Ohm's law" On his daily walk around the
lab grounds, he discovered a bug giving an unusual odor. Edison wrote  to a
famous scientist, Charles Darwin, about it. All this to prove to the world and
hold in posterity that  he belonged to the GREATER league of super genuises and
honourable gentlemen.-- NOT the mangy tinkerer he was.

This ruthless  and ego-laden man ruined several lives.


He sort of made everything into a popularity contest.


If any inventor stole patents in this age in USA there would be a federal
investigation, and imprisonment.


Some of the ridiculous patents of Edison-- his patrons in the US patents office
apparently had no character.


He got so many patents for phonograph--it does not have that many parts!



U.S. Patent D040,527 -- Design for a Phonograph-Cabinet
 
U.S. Patent D042,934 -- Design for a Cabinet U.S. Patent D066,227 -- Design for
a Grille for Phonograph Cabinets U.S. Patent D066,228 -- Design for a Grille for
Phonograph Cabinets U.S. Patent D069,068 -- Design for a Phonograph Cabinet U.S.
Patent D069,688 -- Design for a Phonograph Cabinet U.S. Patent D069,689 --
Design for a Phonograph Cabinet U.S. Patent 1,908,830 -- Holder for Article to
be Electroplated U.S. Patent 1,644,670 – Cabinet U.S. Patent 0,861,242 -- Can or
Receptacle for Storage Batteries U.S. Patent 0,754,858 -- Storage-Battery Tray







Is Edison's  reputation tarnished by this blog ... pray?


absolutely NOT --

--it's too encrusted with deceit, lies and fraud!!
********************************************************************************
A TRUE SEA STORY- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





EXPERIENCES OF A MERCHANT SHIP CAPTAIN --

this is a true story--

when ole capt vadakayil was mistaken for a anaconda snake charmer --

we went to rostock with iron ore loaded by conveyor belt from paradip --

6 hours before arrival , i got all 5 holds opened out --

chief officer came to me and said -- sir, someone is playing mischief-- a black
hawser is lying on top of the ore in hold no 3 --

i interjected-- but, all our dang hawsers are yellow!

i went on deck-- threw a steel nut on the coiled mass --

--- a HUGE python slithered --

immediately 60 gaping crew assembled to see this terrific sight-- i drove the
duty engineer away , for, in the excitement the engine room was abandoned --

3 young cadets nearly fainted , as just 2 days after paradip they went insideall
holds to check for daylight ( battening down and checking packing integrity )- -

we garrotted the python using extreme seamanship -- and got it on maindeck -- we
smashed the poor guys head to pulp--

someone suggested-- let us throw the dang thing overboard--

someone else said -- no , violation of marpol regulation annex 5 , section so
and so , blah blah--

so it finally transpired,  that it was taken to engine room in a huge sack by 4
huffin' and puffin' sailors -- taking turns--

we decided to incinerate it hush hush , while discharging ore -- to avoid a
possible quarantine problem

as soon as we berthed 3 bristling and restless german shepherd dogs came along
with communist customs--

--they went crazy  sniff sniff strange new smell

customs got panicky -- dogs ran down to engine room-- started sniffing , pawing
and barking at the huge sack -- placed next to incinerator--

customs cried -- AAAHAA -- at least 60 kilos of 'm drugs! --

wow! we have struck pay dirt --

they opened up the sack in triumph--

the snake stirred despite a missing head -- bizzare!

all screamed and ran helter skelter,  like the whirling dervishes --

 onewhitefacedsweinstiegertypecustomsguywascaughtindeadendfunneldeckladder--

dogs broke their leashes and ran pell mell , down gangway on to jetty --

--uncontrollable

5 red faced german mannschaft customs officers come running in to mE cabin--

 " CAPTAIN , PLEEASE FOR OUR OWN SAFETY -- HOW MANY MORE SNAKES YOU HAVE ON
 " SHIP?"

i said laconically -- " as far as i know, only one-- and it is dead! " --

they were still darting glances fearfully into my bedroom -- till they left--
probably for that turban and  flute, which they get to see on tv

later pretty rostock zoo ladies came runnin' to see the dead reptile -- and
cried -- " you should have donated this lovely creature to the zoo!" --

we incinerated the poor guy -- (or was it a gal? ) -- -- after cutting it into
pieces, with a circular saw -- 6 consignments into the furnace =

-- despite eating nothing for a month inside the hold -it was full of beef--

we did the incineration job for 2 days -- the whole engine room smelled of
TANDOORI chicken!

well-- this was before the berlin wall came down -

now--

--where is mE beer--
********************************************************************************
MY SON AT CORNELL UNIVERSITY-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Top video is the way he gets centred! --  after a hard day at the computer
graphics lab --

Information transfer between left and light lobes of the human  brain can happen
during REM sleep.

It can also be done by MUSIC -- brain contains water-- water is affected by the
CYMATICS of sound.

punch " cymatics video " on google search and watch the power of the sound
MANTRA --   seeing is believing --  a MANTRA is not ancient hindu mumbo -jumbo--

watch sand forming magic matters on a tonoscope membrane!









B)  COMPUTER VISION PROJECT--



 


This is a COMPUTER VISION project my elder son had done at Ivy league university
Cornell USA ( Ithaca ) for his ME.

Cornell does NOT take half wits in the computer science section ! ( maximum
student suicides on the planet is from this dept at Cornell )

his partner for the project is a South Korean boy .

any moving HUMAN BEING is pinged  .

the program detects only human forms.

in this video my son tried to slip though the college atrium at night -- but the
camera pings him and then will track him , no matter what he tries--

In the background, a car moves and its reflection comes on the glass pane of the
hall -- the program pings the driver of the car in a split second-- and then you
can zoom in--

who says a human eye ( with persistance of vision ) can match a computer eye ,
when it comes to security?

the old professor proudly calls these two blokes--  his A TEAM!

This project got the 2nd prize ( students vote ) at Cornell, --they lost by one
single vote . My son and his Korean genius partner, voted for the first prize
winning team-- or they would have won by 3 votes. But then without conscience ,
there can't be knowledge.  Knowledge thieves Newton and  Edison may NOT agree.




One more of his projects got the WOWs'.

This was done in partnership will another Korean genius.  Here the Nokia mobile
when clicked just once, will take 2 pictures in rapid succession-- one normal
and the other with flash-- and then the program merges the good points of both
to give a STARTLINGLY CLEAR picture which gives the natural trueness -- with
natural " light sourcing " intact -- in a jiffy .

So-- It  looks like big brother can see clearly too-- after pinging you.

The TA for computer vision had given my son zero marks for writing a computer
code in just 6 lines , which was being done at Cornell all along the years ,
using several long pages. When my son went to the old pioneer professor and
challenged it, he was given 100% marks.   Just to say --with computer codes ,
the more the merrier does NOT hold water.

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
********************************************************************************
VIRTUAL TEAMING -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL VIRTUAL TEAMING -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






this 21st century has just begun and lot of companies are boasting of their flat
organisational structures (with hierarchy still deeply entrenched!).

in my vision for the next century i see the need for the management structure to
be perfect like the nervous system of the human body—

this is the ultimate form of management as the human body is the most complex
structure you can ever imagine—what could be more complex that the micro-science
of human senses or DNA ?

we now move from flat to unreal structures ( patience ulysses! , i will explain
your tool value later ) -- or for the matter virtual teaming.

a virtual team ensures the best minds work on a project from their unique
vantage points regardless of where they reside and they are all afforded a level
field.

brilliant minds do not care to play on a tilted playing field—whether to their
advantage or not. it is realised that sometimes difficult topics are not best
addressed face to face as in a office meeting. the member ship of the virtual
team is dynamic, it shifts in response to changing project needs as usual in
ship management.

before i proceed further let me recapitulate what a ordinary team is—individuals
in a team share a common goal ( like a football team ) and depend on one another
to achieve that goal. nothing can be achieved individually—no one man show is
possible.

in this technologically switched on , modern age , it is impossible to get
highly qualified people under one roof especially if they are not financially
vulnerable and if they are loathe to sacrifice their personal values and private
lives. these people of high autonomy and self direction may be unwilling to
uproot and relocate their family . for their priorities might be in their
children's education or family happiness . or maybe they do not care for the all
too familiar dog eat dog office politics—i will come back to this later as a DC
.

this nonsense of location restriction in a high tech age is done away with.
virtual teaming affords them the much needed flexibility of balancing their
personal and professional lives. any team LOVES to work with people having
expertise in their own field. they have the opportunity to leverage others’
expertise in pursuit of team goals and use each other effectively.

modern technology enables the best committed minds to come together where ever
roof they reside. teaming opportunity exists under different roofs all working
towards a common goal. communication technologies like email , mobile phones are
used instead of visual eye contact. when you can have your laptop and mobile
hooked on even on an airplane –work goes where the employee goes. what cannot be
conveyed by a nokia mobile N95 digital dvd movie sent by attachment on a email.
it is now possible for on the spot member to be part of a virtual team. how many
masters have a superintendent tell him by telex—you are the man on the spot—yet
strangely he was not part of any vital decision making team—the man on the spot
was just a feed back machine for a decision maker who was less competent and had
NIL experience on that strain.




decentralized decision making enables us to focus jointly on work objectives,
mutual problems and to develop innovative and effective solutions . cross
organisational teamwork creates enormous savings starting from less central
office space`and less travel time and costs.

most of the time the people sitting in the central office space is unaware of
the detrimental effects of the things they do or decide on ( to make their own
lives simpler ) the others doing the actual job in a far flung place and
difficult environment.

we are lucky to be born in this era of change. since the wheel has been invented
maximum changes have happened in our lifetime. this change has to be managed,
information is the most powerful tool . this is where a catalysing multipoint
feedback from a virtual team comes in handy. this “to the point information” is
more powerful than all the voluminous and vague information on the internet
superhighway (where time management takes a backseat). virtual teaming causing
360 degrees feedback ( aaha a new buzzword eh? ) creates an environment that
allows change management to flourish.

when i was on sichem pace it was usual for me to comment /advise or even decide
on problems of fairchem colt and north vessels—the idea is to gain quick access
to my on the spot experience—the delay of re-inventing the wheel is thus
avoided. it was usual for me to help a young master make a maiden entry into the
amazon at night or even to comment on a delicate shipboard problems while i was
on leave.

accelerated learning and knowledge sharing is the result when you have the
maturity to have the team as the unit of performance. i my case i was tightly
affiliated with the concerned superintendents—but this is not necessary. sharing
databases does not need tight affiliations as long as the prior human trusting
and open relation ships have been there. imagine the increased knowledge base
when you have instant and ready access to experiences of others –especially in
the chemical field.

in my piece on time management i spoke of the need to save time and money by
decrease in travel—this is made possible by virtual teaming. communications and
feedback are mostly in writing which makes documentation and retrieval easy as
long as the email subject header is taken care of. persuasion is through written
words than though mannerisms with adequate time for reflection. in a real
meeting 80% of what is said is forgotten in 24 hours—things retained in external
memory like yesterdays draft or yesterdays forepeak tank sounding.

traditional teams under one rood interact in meetings—unless this meeting is
well conducted there are many pitfalls. office politics play a major role. i
will be penning a short para on meetings and office politics in this piece.

in virtual teaming trust ,SYNERGY and sense of belonging is essential—the people
under different roofs must be able to count on each other to share information
quickly and completely. this trust is more important as virtual teaming
eliminates tone of voice, eye contact and body language—the trust indicators.

virtual team members are highly interdependent—contrary to what the general
feeling may be. yet paradoxically the team is diverse –made of individuals
excelling in problem solving and innovation. unity is strength provided all are
pulling in the same direction.

the team members must have a commitment never to allow the baby to get burnt.
all must appreciate the experience and skills each member can bring to the team.
a member is there for what he can contribute ( that leaves out cooks , right? ).
members can brainstorm each other with cc and bcc by email to the relevant rest
of the team. the copied to members can add to the feedback database. so it goes
without saying that the virtual team members must be excellent communicators and
must be given the communication mantras.

all the virtual team requires is a good strong respected leader who need not
reside necessarily in the central office space . the leader must establish a
process for storing and retrieving team members knowledge and work experiences.
the leader must be aware of the difference in perspectives and work practises or
even styles ( which are confused often with bad intent –remember bad boy
vadakayil ?)—

the leader clarifies the role each individual will play in accomplishing virtual
team tasks. the eye must be told to see and not to hear—a small definition of
accountability. he must demonstrate an awareness of the challenges others face
in their work. autonomy to execute work details is desirable. he encourages open
discussions with key players before making a significant decision or policy
shift. a frank question say “am i missing something you feel is important? “

the leader is a misfit if he has a problem in unlearning outdated ways—remember
we are in the era of change management—dog eared ledgers are out—microchips are
in. the leader encourages the virtual team to take initiative , be self starters
and be future focused. he honestly seeks the input of the virtual team to build
strategies and action plans.

the team is no dirty dozen rubbing shoulders with each other. team members must
desist from making judgements bases on their own perceptions and history. often
the least obvious perspective will bring the most valuable idea or probable
solution. so this means each perspective must be encouraged.

so let us imagine the perspectives offered by a virtual team consisting of a
kiss guy ( keep it short and simple ), philanthropist, a scientist, a risk
taker, a strategist, a visionary, our own good old establishment, a fact finder
and a random virtual team member.

why were the bridge wing doors shut?


kiss guy—to keep away moisture laden fog from entering the wheelhouse


philanthropist- for the greater good of the bridge team and bridge equipment
blah blah


tunnel visioned scientist—the dew point using bridge 2007 xp was measured to be
--blah blah


risk taker- a bold decision was made on the basis of—blah blah


strategist—the fact that the doors were open were threatening the sanctity of
the wheelhouse, the open door was challenging the security and the well being of
the equipment and the denizens. using the latest integration checklist it was
determined that if humidity increases to blah blah


visionary—in mE vision for the next century i see the need for bridge wing doors
to the closed using a computer controlled remote mechanism blah blah


our own establishment--- WE saw the need to shutteth the door and WE got it done
. WE shall launcheth a full fledged inquiry to find the reason why the door was
kept open in the first place


fact finder—i saw the doors being shut with my own eyes –why i don’t know yet

virtual team member on email — open the fog signal receptacle from inside the
wheelhouse.


as you can see , the virtual team member has a trigger mindset. he does care for
going through the motions like the others and thinks out of the box. one good
idea often triggers another. he encourages each person to express positive and
negative feelings. the focus is on creativity, innovation , conflict resolution
, sharing/ seeking and harvesting information and to fine tune ideas for better
decision making. he believes firmly that everybody must be self directed and
flexible in order to work creatively together.

the virtual team leader realises that brainstorming is a process which must not
have knee jerk reactions.


virtual teaming is not a tennis match where ideas are lobbed to and fro on email
between a few dominant personalities sitting in shore office , ill equipped for
the task with everybody else looks on helplessly. reflection time soothes the
effect of upsetting voice mail or email if on line etiquette is not fully
followed . the team leaders task is to release and harness the potential latent
in the virtual team. He does not suppress conflict rather he channels it. He
must not abdicate or take sides –rather he remains the impartial arbitrator. He
has the maturity to invite team members of the relevant expertise to kickstart
change—and wont feel threatened .

He wears his authority lightly and he reduces his role to a minimum.  Tao te
ching spake 2000 years back— The best conqueror does not take part in the war
The best employer of men keeps himself below them This is the called the ability
of using men— --and women


so the culture must be more on listening to each other than advocating
vehemently what they believe is right. however leader ship and respect for
authority remain in place—the dynamic thing is the freedom in decision making
for the team members depending on their own areas of expertise.

so here is an oath for the virtual team:


i recognise that i am in the midst of major change. i am willing to be
vulnerable and change personal traits to manage this change. i agree to shift
from the role model reinforced rigid mindset to a flexible future focused
mindset. i recognise that the rules of the game has changed and that even as a
leader of change i am on a learning curve. i commit myself to transparent and
clear communications for 360 degrees feedback

some thoughts on pitfalls of real teaming meetings under the single roof



meetings without agenda can be an lame excuse to bring people together to sound
them

a group can think only as well as its most proficient member on the topic –the
tongue must taste and the ear must hear – not vice versa --right?

when meetings succeed it can be felt and when it fails it can be felt even
better

a failed meeting can do a lot of harm

quite often solving a problem just needs the attention of just one single expert
rather than the time and wasted energies of a whole onlooking gaping bunch

some team sub managers use a meeting to buffer them from frightening decisions—
safety in numbers


meetings can degenerate to a matter of habit which nobody dares to challenge

a dictatorial topgun chair can repress discussion rather than control it

if the chair can hold the interest the comfort of the venue is not important

a meetings success is judged from the actions that it forced


Our much misunderstood ulysses software is basically an open , written and thus
permanent ( not a passing fad ) employee suggestion system which cuts across
departmental lines and rank levels. it allows “structured upwards and down wards
communications” under one roof or different. virtual teaming to grass root
levels is possible under the same roof or different roofs using this as one of
the tools.

imagine a ulyssess program for upward and down ward communications being filled
up by the manchester united soccer team after every match—the idea being to
foster openness and transparency among team members ---with sensitivity and
caring, of course.

from manager to goalkeeper/ stop looking at the girls and signing autographs
when a match is going on.

from captain to center forward/ concentrate on not being offside when the corner
kick is taken.

from coach to star striker / to confuse and shake off the guy tagging you cheek
by jowl once every 15 minutes interchange positions with the midfielder briefly
for 2 minutes.


etc etc


a culture now develops that people can listen to constructive feedback without
getting defensive—and the team can watch who is falling into the same hole again
and again and letting the whole adventure down. the culture of not retaliating
for people telling the truth as they see it from their perspective now develops.
people are introduced to the culture that they must be open to perceptions
others have on their performance even if they do not agree. and there must be a
follow up to those who provide the feedback. maturity lies in not getting
defensive and punishing others for being honest with you.



it can be used to relay information or to provide status updates. action items
can be clearly stated. the prose must be thoughtful and meaningful as it is
permanent. ideas can be channelled to the appropriate expert for evaluation.
this results of which can be can be communicated back in a timely manner. this
basket software facilitates the team members to utilise their creative and
analytical ideas ( and still retain the patent – i will talk of office politics
as a DC later ).

ulysses realises that the most successful organisations , especially in the
chemical field, are learning machines who keep harvesting ideas. it recognises
that every sailor is capable of generating improvement ideas and that a formal
system is required to manage ideas. the grassroot level is more familiar with
daily problems and inefficiencies / frustrations of their jobs especially when
the management is an unseen outdated non english speaking monarch who is only
interested in filing dishonest reports not actual facts.

what was good 20 years back may be unacceptable in this modern age. ulysses
works on the principle that every thing can be improved. some team members can
bring the best practises from previous employers. a rewarding experience with
one suggestion can lead to another one for the system will not allow personality
problems to affect decisions. ulysses sets rest to fears that ideas may be
ignored , ridiculed or stolen or even blocked by opponents. most humans when
they hear an idea they know will gain them recognition will pass it off as their
own.

ulysses realises that the race for quality has no finish line. it ensures that
questions and concerns have to be analysed and responded to within a time frame.
for quick response time is the most important element of a successful suggestion
programme. when used well to benefit the company and its employees it is a
morale booster.

of course this must have an off limits agenda and framework. it cannot be used
as a collective bargaining tool ( likewhat happens at TESMA seminars ) or to
wrangle more overtime –unless it is solution oriented, has a better / less
tiring method , reduces paperwork or challenges old obsolete habits.

the software can be further developed to include a tracking module for date
recd, date closed, adopted/ not adopted/ under consideration/ unfeasible due to
budget constraints.

once ulysses takes off it will debunk the 80/20 rule—that 80% of the best
suggestions come from 20% of the population. all my ex chief officers ajay/
amit/ sanjay/ pankaj/ jain / rahul/ prasad all will vouch that is comes to 90/95
for this—as i hold a oral ulysses exercise on the bridge every month. and
remember any thing you do must be measured, lest you lose control.


ulysses can be used to convey critical performance gaps and to suggest the
training to fill up the gaps and thus convert the weaker areas into strengths.
it can be used to reverse negative trends to develop specific action plans for
moulding individual behaviours that can improve team performance. best practises
learnt from other companies can be communicated sideways or upwards.

multipoint feedback is an effective and ideal tool into motivating action and
personal change.

and the sacred cows—it is time to use ulysses and kick them where it hurts.
---for the uninitiated –sacred cows of every organisation will not be subjected
( or will not submit themselves ) to any suggestion system .


surviving office politics –


 brainstormingideasforvirtualteammemberswhomustNECESSARILYliveunderthecentralsin
 gleroofatoldtohtuckroad:(tobefrank,Ihaveseentheleastofficepoliticsherethaninany
 othercompany)


knowledge of human nature and even style is the corner stone of political
education. recognise tactics used on you.

power does not come with position of authority. sometimes a slave could be more
powerful than the great almighty Ceaser . having said that be aware that
knowledge is power—be respected and valued at all levels .

be confident. every powerplay attacker enjoys seeing fear in the victim

if you cant change the policy either FO or follow it.

it is a valuable skill to know when to yield

the greatest survival tool is the art of win win negotiation



keep your emotions under a leash even when you are outraged, but don’t allow
yourself to be the scapegoat for someone else’s mistakes.

show respect and appreciation to others, but first be honest with yourself

keep away from vicious smear campaigns

do not encourage lying and deception

you will be judged by your communication styles—if you are defensive all the
time—you give yourself away.

be aware , stay focused and continue being the team player who will share man of
the match awards.

to stay focused you need to know the larger picture. do not use the larger
picture as a convenient exit route.

build solid relationships and socialise —even if it means that you have to allow
moses on wheels to lead you by your nostrils for lunch. unni-san take note—there
is zilch advantage in being a loner


in a shore office ( unlike a ship ) do not tell anyone anything that can be used
against you—don’t let go too much even over a saturday night beer session with
buddies who may be opportunists —don’t even pass on rumours or share negative
career experiences. be a friend on matters that do not involve the office and an
employee on issues that involve your career prospects. there is no need to prove
your friendship at the expense of compromising your values.

the truth is without engaging in some sort of political activity or tying to
develop followers , your career will stagnate. this is why old blunt seadogs who
are not limelight oriented are misfits ashore.


do favours and help others out. even asking for help creates bonding ( what a
paradox!).

know your power—unleash it only when necessary at the right time.. control
impulses and rushes of blood.

gain the trust of those with influence, be genuine here.

there are insecurity driven turds in every office with the “crippler,
undermining ,divide and conquer mindset” who enjoy telling you that you are
worthless and unloved. it gives them temporary happiness and how. be proactive
and not reactive with such miserable souls .


do not allow yourself to be emotionally blackmailed by con artists who
misrepresent their authority. use your intelligence and gut feeling here.


when your big boss gives you meaningless jobs , withholds information or makes
you travel the whole month --take the hint. recognise and seal your vulnerable
areas. he might be reacting so due to outside pressures.

don’t upstage your boss or give him untactful advise in public

don’t hurt working relation ships—you may need to be a hypocrite here. maintain
your sense of humour.

when negative politics are used by team members or negative energies are
channelised for selfish needs, the resulting conflict can corrode the core of
the team. team efforts are swamped by power struggles.

don’t cry wolf every time there is a common place power struggle.


play only by your own rules or the rules of the company. and don’t get too
predictable lest you become a easy target ( aaha now every body knows why
vadakayil keeps a cat as a pet ) . timing is everything .


and if you are too sensitive and get stressed in office, here is the vadakayil
remedy , which hold good till the 3rd world war—based on the principle that
HAPPINESS IS THE BEST STRESS BUSTER

be respected by all in office have a busy schedule and do perfect time
management make sure you want what you get and not vice versa surround your desk
which trivia which makes you feel good—no!, you cant bring your pet along!!


do not expect things beyond your talent happiness is a victory lap—so solve
problems, talk big ( like you know who ), keep the colour in your cheek and the
glint in your eye. be yourself, and have good friends who accept you as you are.


laughing and crying are signs of relief valve lifting on the overstrung—JUST
SMILE


and finally some wisdom---

keep your CDC and yourself , marketable and valuable.

champions and heroes who challenge themselves have the knowledge, talent, skill
, attitude and determination to easily handle the lifetime ahead of them—it is a
piece of cake.
********************************************************************************
LIFE MANAGEMENT -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



LIFE MANAGEMENT--




Managing your own life is more important that all other forms of management.

Hinduism , the oldest religion -- is a just way of managing life.  Bhagavad Gita
is all about BEING IN THE MOMENT.

Man is the only living creature who can control or change his life. He is not a
slave to his surroundings or at the mercy of nature.

Knowledge is the only weapon which follows the owner everywhere.  Knowledge has
to be challenged and improved constantly.

Man has 3 sides to his nature –body, mind and spirit . A proper balance between
the 3 is desired. If any of the 3 is undeveloped he will suffer in life.

Life is a combination or physical, intellectual and spiritual aspects. Without
spiritual development , man is without love or positive emotions ( affection,
care, respect, sympathy ) .

Effective life management means creating an equilibrium – in short success.
Without positive emotions man cant be happy.

A wise man can live in peace with things he cannot change. Never try to do
things you cant. What is the point in teaching a donkey to sing. It is a sheer
waste of time and effort. A student who has failed must not blame the question
paper or examiner. He was not prepared. Be prepared—win some , lose some—but at
least you tried.

Nature follows the law, use it or lose it.  There is this famous yogi  who went
into severe penance for 20 years by standing on one leg and keeping one hand
lifted up. By the time he finished his lifted up hand had shrivelled .

You must fight and make your own life on the planet. Don’t expect anybody else
to do it for you. Make most of the best and least of the worst. Man alone is the
architect of his destiny.  Inaction is worse than no action at all.

No dream can become true unless you have some skill and go to work. Check out
what skills are most needed in the market.  Choose a job you love, then you
don’t have to work a day in your life. Hunt or get hunted.

Belief is the power behind all accomplishments. The man who wins is the man who
thinks he can. Faith and trust are the seeds which bring the sweet fruits of
success. Faith is about “ can do” think “ it is possible”  it gives you new
energy. Faith is the bird which sings when the dawn is still dark.

Will power is the decision to carry on the fight. Self esteem is required to
make a person mentally healthy.

Friendship is like a plant –it must be watered and nurtured. Emotional health
cannot be grown alone. Man is a social animal. We need family and friends to
improve our emotional health. No one can lead a healthy life in isolation.
Acceptance between man and society must be 2 way. Society will accept you if you
follow the norms and when you are of some use to others.

A mentally healthy person learns to evaluate himself , his own performance and
behaviour. An unusual amount of commonsense is called wisdom. Wisdom is
discriminating between right and wrong. Knowledge is about knowing more and
more—WISDOM IS ABOUT KNOWING  LESS AND LESS .

To be successful you must be exited about life. Life is a festival only to those
who live with enthusiasm.  Lack of enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.

Try to see a situation as it is from different angles and not as you want. If
your life is free of opportunities then you are not taking enough risks. If you
want peace you must be prepared for war. Only an asshole will  start digging a
well, when he gets thirsty.


It is not enough to aim, you must hit. Failure to hit the bulls eye is never the
fault of the target. You have to choose your own goal, at the same time follow
social norms. Belief in predetermined destiny is the only refuge of weak minds.
Take responsibility for your failures.

Self respect commands respect from others.  If you don’t know simply say so.
Frankness does not require being brutally so.  True salesmanship starts when the
customer says NO.  A kite rises only against the wind.


Remove all ugly looking things from your surroundings.. Avoid people whom you
don’t like. Don’t discuss topics you don’t relish. Don’t think about people whom
you don’t like.

Good manners are the best letters of recommendation.  Bad manners reduce our
acceptability in society, thereby affecting our social relations. A good laugh
is the best medicine..  Laughter is a tranquiliser with no side effects.
Laughter is the cheapest luxury, it electrifies the nerves and cleanse the
system.

Prayer renews our internal strength during rough weather. A prayer is to the
soul what air is to the lungs. ( take this form a hardcore sailor who has never
said a prayer in his life –even when his ship was 35 miles off super typhoon
Bart at 925 mb atmospheric pressure and 225 knots of wind ). After studying
Quantum physics I do feel nowadays that Prayer is powerful.

Better a thousand enemies outside the house than one inside.

Carelessness can do more harm than lack of knowledge. It should not become a
habit. If carelessness is not trying to know the destructive forces, negligence
is overlooking the destructive forces.

There is nothing that wastes the body and mind like worry. Worries are more
about yesterday and tomorrow. Don’t take tomorrow to bed with you.  There is a
difference between planning and worrying. Planning is constructive, worry is
destructive.

Try to forget useless things. To remember everything is to make your mind a
dustbin.

Love is food for the soul. Jealousy is poison for the soul.  Better to forgive
and forget than hate and remember. Fear tends to produce the things we are
afraid of.

The greatest wealth is contentment with little. It consists in simple wants. Try
to live slightly below your means.

Too much glamour is like too much spices. It harms.

The blatant display of status symbols  is the result of low self esteem. The
self confident person can afford to project a modest image.

It is better to aim at a good thing and miss than to aim at a bad thing and hit.

The best time to solve a problem is as soon at it happens. Reward yourself every
time you achieve success. It pays to reward yourself. It give give a boost to
your zeal to achieve the next goal.

No process takes place without a principle. Principle is the cause and process
is the effect. Principles are fair and impartial to all, incl the non living
things at all place and time.

WE CANNOT CREATE OR DESTROY THE ENERGY OR MATTER IN THE UNIVERSE. BUT WE CAN
SURELY CHANGE ITS FORM.

You cannot change your past, you cannot survive without water, you cannot change
natures principle. The only solution is to accept things as they are.

No single agency can make a process happen. A process happens when at lest 2
agencies play a complimentary role.


Life is a grindstone -- whether is powders you to dust or polishes you depends
on what you are made of.

The purpose of life is not only to be happy, but also to be creative ,
productive and useful—to make a difference that you lived at all on this planet.
There is no experience better for the heart than to reach down and lift people.

The smallest good deed is better than the grandest good attention.

You have to bring meaning to your own life a painting or a song-- a celebration
NOT a competition. Real richness consists of a singing heart-- Seriousness is a
disease.

-- NOT a Donald Trump type money arrogant character ( and there are so many
-- richer people that him on this planet- he and his side kicks must be surely
-- under severe delusion !).

Such ugly rich people can shout " You are Fired!" --  deep inside he is a
joyless and unloved beggar. There is no beauty , grace and peace. He can try to
create grace with money -- but alas , grace is spiritual and comes as a
flowering of your being. Life cannot be event managed.

Only people with inferiority complex wants to impress others. What matters is
how you played the game--not whether you lost or won-- or was fired!

Do not go around copying others signatures. All imitations are plastic. There is
great joy in being ordinary. Live life a bit hot, burn the torch at both ends ,
throw all the paint you can on the canvas of life-- but your innermost core must
be cool.

Never fall into the same hole twice. The first fall can be deemed as experience.
Only what you experience is yours.

Truth blossoms only in individual freedom. It can never happen to a crowd. If
you surrender your freedom and individuality big brother and the society will
give you great posts and respectability. Dare to be who you are.

You are responsible only to yourself. No order is higher than your own
intelligence.

Creating guilt in you is the oldest trick of all religions. A happy person
carries his own temple around him. Repressed sexuality causes almost all
diseases.A man of awareness never reacts and so is unpredictable.

Eliminate the needless wants of life. Never feel shy to show feelings.

You must allow life its freedom. All perfectionism is a deep ego trip. Never
betray a trust.  Get along with people. Use soft words and hard arguments .
Laugh, have fun. Most of your pain is self chosen.

You are in this river of life only for a short time on a raft--very soon 100% ,
you will plunge down the waterfall and die.  Enjoy the fish you caught--don't
keep fishing like a moron --for you cant take it all to your grave. Don't be in
awe of death and demean life on the  raft. YOU CANT BANISH THE DANGERS , BUT YOU
CAN BANISH YOUR FEARS.


You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really
need.


YOU ARE NEVER A LOSER UNLESS YOU QUIT TRYING.!

One day you find, 10 years have got behind you. No one told you when to run, you
missed the starting gun. - Pink Floyd

********************************************************************************
CONSCIOUSNESS THE COSMIC DVD PLAYER CUM RECORDER-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


CONSCIOUSNESS — the cosmic DVD recorder cum player – AJIT VADAKAYIL

One of my officers asked me , pointing to the US dollar currency note. What is
this eye inside the pyramid ?. Is it a Free mason Symbol as is contended by the
Yanks ?



I told him “ It represents Cosmic Consciousness , and has been lifted from the
Vedas and planted by left brain lobe powered people without knowing its true
meaning . The Himalayan sound body or mantra for consciousness is NUM MYOHO
RENGHE KYU or Oneness with the laws of the universe “.

The vedic civilization flourished on the banks of river Saraswati from 9000 BC
to 4000 BC.




Classical physics propounded by naïve scientists like Newton ( of apple bump on
head fame ) took a beating when Nano technology powered by Quantum physics came
into existence.

A famous double slit quantum physics experiment changed the whole equation. It
demonstrated to the shocked scientific world the power of mind over matter.

Mind and mater are not separate. Matter is just an expression of mind. The wise
ancient vedic rishis knew this 11000 years ago.


Atomic objects (electrons, protons, neutrons, photons, quarks , neutrinos etc )
sometimes behave like particles, and other times, like waves. When does an
atomic object behave like a wave and when does it behave like a particle? It
just depends on whether the object is observed. Unobserved, the atomic object
appears as a wave spread out over space, but the instant it is observed the wave
collapses to a point and behaves like a particle. The action of a simple
observation “causes” a wave to collapse, producing a particle.

What kind of action is a simple observation? It is nothing but the act of
consciousness , a field of scalar energy. With focused INTENTION it can achieve
the extraordinary. It explains the power of prayer.



Electricity and gravitation are macroscopic properties that are caused by
microscopic properties of the constituents. Consciousness is the macroscopic
property of our brains that is caused by a microscopic property of its
constituents. Quantum physics and Consciousness are deeply connected. The brain
is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or
neurophysiology.

Brain is the particle like behavior of our observations. What we call the mind
is the wavelike behavior of atomic objects, invisible and unobserved. Mind is an
outgrowth of the basic laws of quantum physics together with the actions of the
observer, which are the acts of consciousness.

Feelings and thoughts show the same type of duality as waves and particles.

Consciousness is created by quantum mechanical phenomenon that takes place in
brain cells. A computer has NIL intuition . The best computer humor can only
make a child laugh, at its priceless buffoonery.

All life forms are connected by "morphic fields" or strong intertwined energetic
connections. Our separation from each other is an optical illusion of
consciousness. Our bodies are piezo-electric bio-crystals, resonant transducers
of living light and life force. We have unlimited access to the radiant field of
consciousness which is infinite active universal intelligence. We all have
direct and immediate access to the scalar field of consciousness .



Bioenergy propagates along superluminal deBroglie waves, moving much faster than
light. That is the weird ability to transcend both time and space with
consciousness, such as remote viewing, telepathy, precognition and the super
cognitive capacities of dreaming. Using the right brain and left brain
simultaneously, in a kind of telepathy with our higher Self, through coherence
at the neuron and quantum level.




There is a connection between DNA and consciousness . The brain and the DNA are
transducers for quantum information from the scalar field. When a DNA strand is
placed in a vacuum, the energy emitted by that strand will attract photons which
will assume the same shape of the DNA strand, even if the DNA strand is removed
later.




At our most elemental we are energy. All living things are a coalescence of
energy in a field of energy connected to every other thing in the world.



This pulsating energy field is the central engine of our being and our
Consciousness . Collective consciousness is a life force flowing through the
universe. Consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being.
Nothing in the universe existed as an actual thing independently of our
perception of it.

Quantum coherence in the micro tubules of every cell is the key to consciousness
. This explains the mysterious powers of Reiki.



The zero point vacuum is filled with ghost particles and phantom fields that
rapidly wink in and out of existence. Under certain circumstances , these
virtual particles and fields can become real. Though it sounds more like
mysticism than science, it is said that the vacuum is a universal akshic field
of information or consciousness

All existence can be broken down into simple wave functions. Every photon,
energy emission, and elementary particle rings with its own unique wave
signature. When we see a color, we are actually seeing a distinct frequency of
visible light. When we hear a sound, our eardrums are actually being vibrated by
subtle waves in the air molecules around us. Even the neuro chemical processes
of human consciousness our very thoughts ring with their own distinct wave
patterns.

The greatest discovery of our Earth is its consciousness. A visible attribute of
consciousness is an energetic field that governs the shaping of organisms.
Morphogenesis is a scientific term to explain this very shaping of tissues,
organs, and entire organisms. Consciousness is the creative force of the entire
universe. The entire universe is in fact a single living conscious organism with
complete awareness of itself. This is the power of GOD.


Mind is of the time domain, it is "time-like," it is a scalar electromagnetic
manifestation. Mind can feel a contact from other scalar phenomena, and be
influenced by them. The physical brain is destroyed when you die. But your mind
which is pure vibrating energy survives. The level of consciousness in you
depends on the amount of energy it is capable of storing.


By projecting your intention and changing your brain vibration > 40 Hz Gamma
through altering the state of your consciousness , you can develop psychic
powers. When you use psychic power you tap into the level of the universe, where
individuality does not exist. At this level each of us is a part of a universal
and cosmic consciousness where we are connected as though held together by
invisible threads.



 Thisinterconnectednessmeansthateverythingwedoorthinkaffectseverythingandeveryon
 eelse.Allatomsintheentireuniversearecapableofmindreadingandcommunicatingwithoth
 eratoms.Thereisaconsciousnessineverymoleculeofmatter.


Most people never raise their consciousness much above that of the animal and
the spark of divinity within them remains dormant the whole of their lives.
Animals express consciousness through instinct. Self awareness or reflective
thought is the difference between animals and humans.



Plants have a kind of cellular consciousness. The plants register emotions like
apprehension, fear, pleasure and relief when subjected to a polygraph test.
Plants exhibit ( unlike inorganic rocks ) the ability to adapt. A cutting from
certain plants will adapt and find new root cells. The greater the ability to
adapt, the higher the consciousness within a form.


We see incredible order and harmony and pattern which no accident can produce.
The material universe is the result of an image projected by the creative power.
Each mineral is crystallised according to a definite design or image. The image
of the human being is contained within the microscopic DNA strands of the
fertilised egg in the womb. Some kind of intelligent force ( consciousness )
must have started with an image or blueprint which ultimately manifested itself
as a particular form.



Our consciousness is expressed energetically through coherence and interactions
of electromagnetic fields. Consciousness is a form of electromagnetic energy
which with focused thought and intent can achieve extraordinary things.


Consciousness is thus the intelligence, the organising principle behind the
arising of form. The human brain has 100 billion nerve cells—neurons.


The brain does not create consciousness, rather-- consciousness created the
brain.





Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang
).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum
possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles.. Together they express the
great void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or
to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary
glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented
by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the
oceans for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing
vibrations.. The amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what
the Templar knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine
LSD-- rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL
junk DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA,
and achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are
accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland
is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this
hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in
the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for
Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep,
while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC
raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-
beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of
life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been
measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers,
regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can
vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT,
etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge
pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is
referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result
of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT
is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a
psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become
active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline
burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant
observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have
too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were
NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its
mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .
There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum
phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side
of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND
LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the
quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and
Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16,
just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT
trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume
Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you
have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters
your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern
mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh
Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of
each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT
external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to
produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now
degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis
, can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life
use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third
eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of
consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas
will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the
third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2
strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil
********************************************************************************
SANSKRIT THE DIGITAL LANGUAGE VERSUS ENGLISH --CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL















THE BEST AND THE WORST LANGUAGES --

The foreigners can never get a handle of English -- cant blame them.


Actual signs posted in foreign countries as reported by tourists...


• ZURICH HOTEL  Because of the impropriety of entertaining guests of the
opposite sex in the bedroom, it is suggested that the lobby be used for this
purpose.


• NORWAY COCKTAIL LOUNGE  Ladies are requested not to have children at the bar.


• MOSCOW HOTEL  You are welcome to visit the cemetery where famous Russian and
Soviet composers, artists and writers are buried daily except Thursday.


• BUCHAREST HOTEL  The lift is being fixed for the next day. During that time we
regret that you will be unbearable.


• HONG KONG TAILOR  Ladies may have a fit upstairs.


• BUDAPEST ZOO  Please do not feed the animals. If you have any suitable food,
give it to the guard on duty.


• COPENHAGEN AIRLINE OFFICE  We will take your bags and send them in all
• directions.


• SWEDISH FURRIER  Fur coats made for ladies from their own skin.


• POLISH MENU  Roasted duck let loose and beef rashers beaten up in the country
• people's fashion.


• SWISS EATERY  Our wines leave you nothing to hope for.


• HONK KONG DENTIST  Teeth extracted by the latest methodists.


• PARIS SHOP  Dresses for street walking.


• RHODES TAILOR  Order summer suits early. In a big rush we will execute
customers in strict rotation.


• BANGKOK DRY CLEANER  Drop your trousers here for best results.


• ROME LAUNDRY  Ladies, leave your clothes here and spend the afternoon having a
• good time.


• PARIS HOTEL  Please leave your values at the front desk.


• JAPANESE HOTEL  You are invited to take advantage of the chambermaid.





Check out the different meanings of the English word SET. You can hardly call
English a precise language.


1. to put (something or someone) in a particular place: to set a vase on a
table. 2. to place in a particular position or posture: Set the baby on his
feet. 3. to place in some relation to something or someone: We set a supervisor
over the new workers. 4. to put into some condition: to set a house on fire. 5.
to put or apply: to set fire to a house. 6. to put in the proper position: to
set a chair back on its feet. 7. to put in the proper or desired order or
condition for use: to set a trap. 8. to distribute or arrange china, silver,
etc., for use on (a table): to set the table for dinner. 9. to place (the hair,
esp. when wet) on rollers, in clips, or the like, so that the hair will assume a
particular style. 10. to put (a price or value) upon something: He set $7500 as
the right amount for the car. The teacher sets a high value on neatness. 11. to
fix the value of at a certain amount or rate; value: He set the car at $500. She
sets neatness at a high value. 12. to post, station, or appoint for the purpose
of performing some duty: to set spies on a person. 13. to determine or fix
definitely: to set a time limit. 14. to resolve or decide upon: to set a wedding
date. 15. to cause to pass into a given state or condition: to set one's mind at
rest; to set a prisoner free. 16. to direct or settle resolutely or wishfully:
to set one's mind to a task. 17. to present as a model; place before others as a
standard: to set a good example. 18. to establish for others to follow: to set a
fast pace. 19. to prescribe or assign, as a task. 20. to adjust (a mechanism) so
as to control its performance. 21. to adjust the hands of (a clock or watch)
according to a certain standard: I always set my watch by the clock in the
library. 22. to adjust (a timer, alarm of a clock, etc.) so as to sound when
desired: He set the alarm for seven o'clock. 23. to fix or mount (a gem or the
like) in a frame or setting. 24. to ornament or stud with gems or the like: a
bracelet set with pearls. 25. to cause to sit; seat: to set a child in a
highchair. 26. to put (a hen) on eggs to hatch them. 27. to place (eggs) under a
hen or in an incubator for hatching. 28. to place or plant firmly: to set a
flagpole in concrete. 29. to put into a fixed, rigid, or settled state, as the
face, muscles, etc. 30. to fix at a given point or calibration: to set the dial
on an oven; to set a micrometer. 31. to tighten (often fol. by up): to set nuts
well up. 32. to cause to take a particular direction: to set one's course to the
south. 33. Surgery. to put (a broken or dislocated bone) back in position. 34.
(of a hunting dog) to indicate the position of (game) by standing stiffly and
pointing with the muzzle. 35. Music. a. to fit, as words to music. b. to arrange
for musical performance. c. to arrange (music) for certain voices or
instruments.


36. Theater. a. to arrange the scenery, properties, lights, etc., on (a stage)
for an act or scene. b. to prepare (a scene) for dramatic performance.


37. Nautical. to spread and secure (a sail) so as to catch the wind. 38.
Printing. a. to arrange (type) in the order required for printing. b. to put
together types corresponding to (copy); compose in type: to set an article.


39. Baking. to put aside (a substance to which yeast has been added) in order
that it may rise. 40. to change into curd: to set milk with rennet. 41. to cause
(glue, mortar, or the like) to become fixed or hard. 42. to urge, goad, or
encourage to attack: to set the hounds on a trespasser. 43. Bridge. to cause
(the opposing partnership or their contract) to fall short: We set them two
tricks at four spades. Only perfect defense could set four spades. 44. to affix
or apply, as by stamping: The king set his seal to the decree. 45. to fix or
engage (a fishhook) firmly into the jaws of a fish by pulling hard on the line
once the fish has taken the bait. 46. to sharpen or put a keen edge on (a blade,
knife, razor, etc.) by honing or grinding. 47. to fix the length, width, and
shape of (yarn, fabric, etc.). 48. Carpentry. to sink (a nail head) with a nail
set. 49. to bend or form to the proper shape, as a saw tooth or a spring. 50. to
bend the teeth of (a saw) outward from the blade alternately on both sides in
order to make a cut wider than the blade itself.






Now let us go to the ancient Indian language SANSKRIT-- which is the oldest
language in the world , with the most immense vocabulary, clear speech, perfect
pronunciation, accurate expression and politeness.


Since Panini wrote the adaptable Sankrit grammar 7500 years ago, there has been
NO changes, it is that perfect-- the work of a genius!!


Rig veda was written in 5000 BC in Sanskrit.


The Sanskrit language came from the 12 strand DNA of Vedic seers , with king
size pineal glands who inhabited the banks of the river Saraswati from 9000 BC
till it dried up in 4000 BC, due to tectonic shifts blocking the himalayan
glacier source -- The Saraswati elite then migrated all over even to Europe and
Russia. This is why European languages have Sanskrit similarities.


Sanskrit has a construct like geometry in cymatics and can be digitalised. IT IS
POSSIBLE TO MAKE CONSCIOUS COMPUTERS IF THIS LANGUAGE IS ADAPTED TO COMPUTERS.
It can be adapted to Backus-Naur Form grammar that is used to describe modern
programming languages today. The 12 strand Vedic Maharishis had beautiful
FRACTAL MINDS, and could see even numerical problems as fractals




There is no communication every year , like for English " the following new
words have been added to the Oxford English dictonary in the year 2009".
Sanskrit has no meanings by connotations and hence cannot age. It has perfect
morphology that leaves no room for error.


NASA had declared that sanskrit is the only unambiguous spoken language on the
planet. Its alphabets are impeccably arranged. There are no proper nouns in
Sanskrit. Every single Sanskrit word has a meaning built into the word itself.


The principles of sound harmonics working precisely and consistently through the
entire language, from the basic four sounds through thousands of words and their
variations. The way words unfold from their seed forms is amazing. The
mathematical precision throughout the language and give it its extraordinary
power .





There is a direct link between the sound and signs,it is phonetic. The writing
of Sanskrit language is based on the sound of the spoken form. Sanskrit has no
spelling, nor there are any silent letters . There is logic in its sound system,
and a natural continuity in its word-making as well as sentence-making. Sanskrit
sentence structure is flexible--to hell with syntax. The order of words in a
sentence does not matter.



Sanskrit has three genders (masculine, feminine, and neuter), three numbers
(singular, dual, and plural), and eight cases (nominative, accusative,
instrumental, dative, ablative, genitive, locative, and vocative), although only
in the singular of the most common declension does a noun show different forms
for each case. Adjectives are inflected to agree with nouns. Verbs are inflected
for tense, mode, voice, number, and person.

There is a vibration or resonance in the sounds of Sanskrit and hence is the
choice language for mantras.( CYMATICS )







Once in a Korean drydock , one of my naughty officers took the written work
sheet of a foreman , and using the same pen added a few strokes here and there
to the prose . The same foreman when he came back ,could not make out what he
himself wrote a few minutes ago.


BOTTOM LINE IN ENGLISH:


When the stars are out they are visible But when the lights are out they are
invisible  And why it is that when I wind up my watch it starts  But when I wind
up this piece it ends?




--- to hell with the ridiculous spelling bee contest -- a wart counting
--- competition would be better. Only stupid languages have spelling.


ramah ramau ramaah -Nominative ramam ramau raman -Accusative ramena ramabhyam
ramaihi - Instrumental ramaya ramabhyam ramebhyah -Dative ramat ramabhyam
ramabhyah - Ablative ramasya ramyoh ramanam- Genitive rame ramyoho rameshu
-Locative he ram! he ramau! he ramaah!

Sir William Jones, British Orientalist: “The Sanskrit language, whatever be its
antiquity is of wonderful structure, more perfect than the Greek, more copious
than the Latin and more exquisitely refined than either.”



Sanskrit grammar has extensive  grammatical tenses.  There are ten tenses: one
form for the present tense, three forms for the past tense and two forms for the
future tense.

There is also imperative mood, potential mood, benedictive mood (called
asheerling, which is used for indicating a blessing), and conditional.  Each
tense has three separate words for each of the three grammatical persons (first
person, second person and third person), and it further distinguishes if it’s
referring to one, two, or more than two people (called eakvachan, dvivachan and
bahuvachan).

There are three categories of the verbs called atmanepadi, parasmaipadi and
ubhaipadi. These forms indicate whether the outcome of the action is related to
the doer or the other person or both. In this way there are ninety forms of one
single verb.

Sanskrit words are formed of a root word called dhatu.  For instance: kri root
word means ‘to do,’ gam root word means ‘to go.’ So, there are ninety forms of
each of these verbs like, karoti, kurutah, kurvanti, and gachchati, gachchatah,
gachchanti etc.  There are ready-made single words for all kinds of uses and
situations.

There are words for all the three genders and each word has twenty-one forms of
its own which covers every situation. Then there is a very elaborate and precise
system of composing, phrasing, making a sentence, joining two words and coining
any number of words according to the need.

Sanskrit grammar has the capacity for creating any number of new words for a new
situation or concept or thing.

The morphology of word formation is unique and of its own kind where a word is
formed from a tiny seed root (called dhatu) in a precise grammatical order which
has been the same since the very beginning.

Any number of desired words could be created through its root words and the
prefix and suffix system as detailed in the Ashtadhyayi of Panini.  Furthermore,
90 forms of each verb and 21 forms of each noun or pronoun could be formed that
could be used in any situation.


Its vowels are the actual ‘voice pattern’ of the sound and consonants are only
the ‘form’ of the ‘voice pattern’ of the sound. So a consonant  alone cannot be
pronounced as it is only a ‘form’ of the ‘voice pattern’ until it is attached to
a vowel. hus, a vowel, which itself is a ‘voice pattern,’ can be pronounced
alone (like,) or it can be modulated by adding a consonant to it (like,).

BELOW VIDEO--7000 YEAR OLD VEDIC SANSKRIT CHANTS- PEACE AND GRACE!
********************************************************************************
THE DRUG RUNNERS OF INDIA--- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL THE HONOURABLE PARSI  OPIUM
DRUG  RUNNERS OF MUMBAI










YES,  MOST OF  THE FABULOUSLY RICH BOMBAY PARSIS IN THE 19TH CENTURY , WHEN
INDIA WAS UNDER THE BRITISH RULE WERE DRUG RUNNERS.   THEY HAD THE GOOD SENSE TO
INVEST EVERYTHING IN APPRECIATING PRIME LAND THEY SECURED FROM THE GRATEFUL
BRITISH --AT THROW AWAY PRICES, AND TO BUILD TIMELESS PHILANTHROPIC
INSTITUTIONS. ALL OF THEM HAVE THEIR NAMES ALLOTTED TO PRINCIPAL STREETS OF
MUMBAI. THESE HONOURABLE FOLKS PAY IT MONEY TO GET RID OF THEIR NAMES OF THEIR
FOREFATHERS FROM THE INTERNET, ON  A REGULAR BASIS. All of them are founders of
the HSBC bank in 1865, at Hong Kong. They are also the first FREE MASON lodge
members of India.


What follows is authentic information dug out from the records of Jardine and
Matheson correspondence by letters , and Chinese verbally.

Those days there was NO email or telex. Letters and manifests have to be burnt,
if it should not leave a trail.


The British East India Company in 1750 started cultivating Opium in Bengal and
Bihar to finance its own private army of 1.5 lakh soldiers  . As a result there
were many famines and deaths in India due to lack of food.  By 1790 they
established an monopoly on Opium trade – and poppy growers in Indian could sell
only to the East India Company.




Th East India company owned by Jews R family was just a front for the Queen. She
needed the money to prevent the Empire from becoming bankrupt , as she planned
to expand  colonial rule.

Britain could no longer afford to buy tea from China in exchange for Silver.
Opium was the free and easy option. Thousands of Bengali , Bihari and Malva
Indian farmers were forced to grow Opium . The British queen Victoria was the
biggest drug trafficker in the 19th century.  Britain made drug addicts out of
10 million Chinese.  Opium is highly addictive , and heavy users last just 5
years.


It makes a entire race passive , with no will to work. Opium was banned in China
since nearly 100 years before this.




It was Warren Hastings , the first Governor General of India’s , idea to first
traffic drugs to China in 1780. Even Queen Victoria used Opium ( Laudanum ) ,
and records exist in the Royal Apothecary at Balmoral, as to how many times
Opium  was passed on to the royal palace. Gladstone openly took Laudanum ( opium
+ alcohol in ratio of 1:12 ). A lot of British noblemen were Opium eaters.

The Free Mason Lodges of Britain and USA have their origins in the opium trade,
which made them fabulously rich—and they could buy the unlimited power.

NOW I WILL TALK ABOUT THE INDIAN SCENE.




In India too we had a similar power brokers. They were the Parsis who came to
India as refugees from Iran ,and till the Opium trade started were petty shop
keepers and garbage ( raddhi  like empty bottles and papers ) buyers/ sellers.
These Parsis made fantastic fortunes by being middle men of the British who
trusted them , as they were not proper Indians, and had no scruples when it came
to prostituting their souls.


In 1857 the British crown orchestrated the Indian Sepoy Mutiny or The first war
of Independence, by provoking the superstitious  Indian with pig and cow lard.
After that the British Empire under Lord Palmerston just took over India—they
did NOT require a front like East India company with a private army any more.


And Queen Victoria officially became empress of India.. The Opium trade in India
was controlled by the Parsis .  Some of them also started the Indigenous
shipping and the Wadia Mazagaon /Sassoon docks.




The King pin of the Parsi lot was JJ or Sir J#msedjee Jeejee#hoy ( 1753 to 1859
). He shared his spoils with the British , was their middle-man, and did their
dirty work—so they knighted him in 1842 –and made him a Baron in 1857.


He partnered Jardine and Matheson in HongKong to be the leaders of the biggest
drug cartel in the world. He was  one of the 6 directors of the Bank of Bombay,
in addition to owning ships, agencies, brokering houses,  and commercial
clearing houses.

JJ was born in India in 1783, to a impoverished weaver in Yatha Yahu Vairyo
Muhalla near Crawford market Mumbai. --and soon became an orphan.   Till the age
of 16 he had NO formal education. Then he burst into the big league of drug
running. He visited China on East India company ships.  He was also called
Battliwala, as he lived with his uncle Framjee who dealt in recycled garbage
bottles  . At the age of 20 he married Batliwala’s 10 year old daughter Avibhai.
He was the first to be knighted from India and made a Baron, by a grateful queen
Victoria—as he held the moolah. JJ was initiated into the opium trade by another
Parsi by the name of Hirji Readymoney. Hirji has small ships smuggling opium to
Canton in 1755.  His sudden wealth and splurge earned him the nickname Ready
money.




Soon P#stonji Boma#ji Wa#ia from Parel , C#wasji, P#tit, Patel, Mehta , Modi,
Cama ,Ta#a etc joined them .  Wa#ia built the Cusrow baug, Lal Baug, Navroz baug
and Ness baug.

See "freedom fighter" Madame Cama below. Her lawyer husband Rustom Cama and her
Patel parents were in the drug business.



JJ made several trips to Canton by ship , with his chinese servants. He became
close friends with Jardine in 1805 on a trip to China.  Parsis monopolized the
Malva opium. On one of his trips he met Matheson who was being held captive by
the French in China. In 1859 Nussarwanji Tata floated the firm Jamsetji and
Ardeshir in Hong Kong with two other partners to import opium.




A Bagdadhi jew by the name of Sassoon (blood relative of Rothschild family )
gave the Parsis stiff competition in the drug trade. He built Sassoon docks,
Elphinstone college, Sassoon library  and Flora fountain.


One of our Ex- Naval Chief of Staff Admiral Samson is a Bagdhadi jew. By 1860
Sassoon left the Parsis behind as the Rothschild Jews favoured another blood
relative Jew for the secretive and cut throat Opium trade,  rather than Ex-
Persians.


The first Opium war started because Sassoons opium was confiscated by the
Chinese emperor. An outraged Sassoon had the clout and the arm twisting ability
to force the Queen to battle for him. He could expose any high ranking British
authority or Royalty —as they were hand in glove with him.




After losing this war China had to cede Hong Kong to the British for them to
have a launching pad for drugs—this was run by the Triad drug cartel ( all free
masons ).




Wadia came all the way to my hometown to buy Malabar teak for building ships for
the queen at Mazagaon docks .


THE WORLD FAMOUS CUTTY SARK BUILT IN 1869 WAS A  OPIUM SMUGGLER, MADE OF TEAK
WOOD FROM MY HOMETOWN-- CALICUT OF MALABAR.  This ship was the Concorde of the
sea -- could never be overtaken and pirated! She was on the Shanghai tea run.








By the age of 39 JJ was a billionaire by todays standards.  By 1800 Parsis owned
half of Bombay—they invested in land. As he became older he became respectable
and built all the JJ buildings of Mumbai—JJ arts, JJ architecture, JJ commercial
art , JJ hospital, Mahim causeway  etc. See JJ's picture below.



He was close to the British governor of Bombay Sir Robert Grant for whom built
the Grant Hospital, for diplomatic protection .  No wonder the British loved
him. After the opium trade went PHUTT they shifted to cotton trade and became
respectable mill owners. Jardine Matheson group is still the Largest
Conglomerate group in Hong Kong. We all know who controls Mumbai . Jardine and
Matheson had met in 1818 at Canton. American Elihu Yale used Chinese opium money
to fund Yale university. THE DRUG TRAFFICKING DONE BY THE WEST  , DWARFS THE
PUNY COLUMBIAN CARTEL.


Some of these drug runner statues are sprinkled across Mumbai. To show that they
are still highly revered philanthropists, the Parsis keep fresh magazines/
newspapers for selling, and then take photos, when it appears that a well
dressed man is indeed bowing to the statue in reverence.



But in the 1830s and 40s’ they also owned and developed many of Bombay’s
quintessential suburbs. Cu#setji Ma#eckji owned Anik,  Dhak#i Da#aji owned
Versova,  Fra#ji Cowa#ji (Powai estate), Jamestji Bo#anji (Vile Parle, Juhu);
Cursetji Cowa#ji (Goregaum); Ratanji Edu#ji (Ghatkopar).

MNS the Marathi Manoos torchbearers should realise that Bihari Opium also built
Mumbai, and so they have a right to live there.

The Bengal opium centre was Rangpur, ( in Bangladesh  now ).

Raja Ram Mohan Roy was the British East India Company resident accountant for
Opium accounts--from where he embezelled money. Dw#rkendranath T#gore (  the
grandfather of R#bindranath T#gore from Calcutta ) ,  Raja R#m M#han Roy  (
Rangpur, Bangladesh )  and Gh#nshyam B#rla ( from Calcutta ) were some of the
drug trafficking agents and stooges of  Rothschild in the East part of India.

In 1910, Sir Saru#chand Hu#umchand , a front for Rothschild , bought opium for
Rs 25 lakh and sold it for Rs 2 crore, a seven-fold profit.  This was a huge
amount in those days.  With the profit he went into textile and jute mills.. And
in those days you cannot get knighted without Rothschild’s approval.

His son Sir Seth Hukum Cha#d #ain too was knighted and was known as the “cotton
prince” of India . In his later life, Seth Hukam Cha#d gave up wearing of
expensive clothes, jewellery studded with precious jems etc., and switched to
simple clothes, and embraced spiritualism.




 
 

BITS Pilani University was founded by Gh#nshyam Das B#rla using Opium drug money
in 1929-- as was the fashion , in those days. GD B#rla was knighted by a
grateful Rothschild at the age of 32.  He was known to tell Gandhiji what to do,
next.


Parsi opium drug runner SIR Cowasjee Jehan#ir Readymo#ey made Elphinstone
College. He also made a big part of Mumbai University. See his picture below. He
got knighted for making a fantastic fountain at Regents parl London.




Opium drug runner Jamshedji Nusse#wanji Ta#a made the Indian Institute of
Science in 1911. Opium drug runner Hor#usjee Mo#i made Hongkong University in
1911.
  
There are thousands of Opium records in US universities funded by Opium money
like Yale University, Columbia University , Princeton University, Harvard
University, Carnegie Melon University , Chicago University, John Hopkins School
of Pubic health, Rockefeller University and Ivy League universities, still being
exhumed and researched

Let us NOT be under any illusion that building prestigious colleges is a
philanthropic exercise. Say, if you own a prestigious Medical College , many
powerful members of the society, like politicians, police, judges, income tax
officers will want to get free admission circumventing merit-- this is how you
grab the ultimate intoxicating power.

Bottom line: All said and done, Indians are grateful to the likes of TATA , who
have proved to be patriotic and exemplary  Indians . The current generation will
NOT be aware of what their forefathers did. In any case TATA has atoned the sins
of their forefathers by being philanthropists of the first order -- with an
exemplary core value of corporate ethics. Note: Read my post DIRTY SECRETS OF
BOSTON TEA PARTY dated 18th Dec 2010,  to know the honourable drug runners of
USA.

Prepare to be shell shocked !!



Not many people know that Rothschild inducted Bene Israel Jews as army officers
and more than  55% of the British Indian army officers were Jews . We do NOT
talk about the Chitpavan ( Brahmin) Jews here.

The likes of Lt Gen JFR Jacob , Vice Admiral BA Samson . Lt Gen RM Jacob  and
Maj Gen JR Samson are well known.  All of them were sponsored by Rotshchild and
blood relative Sasoon the opium traders.


These Bene Israel Jews witnessed the decline and the collapse of the Peshwa
regime, the surrender of Gwalior, Indore and Baroda (presently Vadodara), the
subjugation of Gujarat, Kathiawar and Sind.


During the 1857 Indian war of Independence these Jews were 100% on the side of
Rothschild , the owner of British East India company..

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
HUMOR MANAGEMENT -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL









HUMOR MANAGEMENT: by CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



IN MY VISION FOR THE NEXT CENTURY----NO MANAGER WITH GET A JOB PURELY ON IQ (
INTELLIGENCE QUOTIENT ) OR EQ ( EMOTIONAL QUOTIENT ) MERITS. WITHOUT PROVEN HQ (
HUMOR QUOTIENT ) HE WILL NOT GET HIRED.


Nobody will be stupid enough to confuse dour seriousness ---probably related to
piles , peptic ulcer or pure misanthropy , with professionalism.


Rather HQ will be taken as an indicator of freedom of human spirit which is
required of a leader of men. And a wise man once spake---if you must rule the
world--- first keep it amused. ( a small bird told me this, tee heee!!)



What all powerful and magical HQ can be used for ---

To tune the reception antenna of others. Any idiot can get the attention of
others very few can hold their interest.


To disarm anger. Humor does not appeal to the sense of logic. It appeals to the
sense of enjoyment .


To manage conflict –go for the jocular vein! ( well it is somewhere near the
jugular vein ) Use positive empathetic humor instead of counter attacks to
defuse resistance


To manage stress and put people at ease. Ever heard of endorphins released by
the brain? Well its is something like morphine only difference being it is a
natural chemical triggered by the level of catecholamines in the blood.


Nobody enjoys all aspects of a job on a chemical tanker. But looking at the
funny side can keep the tough parts palatable.


To have fun on the job—it is no crime at all to put joy back into work. Crew on
a happy ship will have a spring in their step. ( no wending weary ways around)

To get results on the job ---and surely it is contagious.


To make it hard for people to stay mad at you--- when you have darted to and fro
from iron fisted no nonsense management.


To laugh at yourself before anybody else can when you have goofed up..


To use as a social lubricant ( well don’t think about KY jelly ) it helps build
quality relationships.


To improve morale and team cooperation.


To persuade and encourage. For humor is not totalitarian rather it is
democratic.


To develop flexible thinking


To promote innovation. By making it legitimate to think in strange and seemingly
illogical ways. Remember the mark of a genius is not perfection but originality.


To encourage novel approaches and perspectives.




What it should not be used for—


To deflect valid criticism


To detract from a serious discussion


To be sarcastic –very strong human bonds where you take each other for granted
cannot be damaged by sarcasm. Offended listeners seldom appreciate good ideas.


To be funny using ethnic humor .--- Idea is to laugh with people , not at them.


To hide behind humor ( you cant solve problems this way )


To misrepresent--- remember there is zilch justification in this. Once you are
dog tagged as an ace bullshitter ,remember you lose trust. Crewing managers
beware.


So then let me think about a couple of times I used humor myself just to justify
all my words above.


a)At school I was participating in an elocution contest. A girl ( all pretty
girls were my sworn enemies as I often did a Salman Khan on them—fingering only,
of the abstract type ) heckled and I went blank. I lunged into my pocket for the
speech got a quick handle of it and then declared with an offended look. My
notes say that at this very point I must pause for 30 seconds for audience
applause before I continue. I got terrific applause from jury too , continued
with aplomb and got the prize.


b)At Quinghaung dao my ship got caught for pollution ( e room rags ) in 1987. A
tug with about 12 people including the agent came to anchorage at 0600 in the
morning. A fine of 10 grand USD was made . Just as the party was about to get
off , I sort of identified the number one man ( political power ) took him to
the alleyway along with the agent and declared “ you cant do this to me”. He
asked me “why not?” I pleaded to his sense of logic “ because both of us got a
black mole on the same place, and I tapped both our noses” . He burst into
laughter and to my great relief tore up the fine voucher then and there. The
penavico agent said he has never seen anything like this before. Later both
chief officer and chief engineer wanted to know how much bribe I paid.



Humour is a core value of many companies.



Humor comes from the RH side of your brain—which holds the subconscious and your
creative side . Keeping yourself at a fun level—helps you to dip easily into the
creative side. These are untold secrets of winners , -- on how to play a bad
hand well .


Our own Lalu Prasad Yadav knows how to do it. When he is being funny , it is
just that he is now dipping into the RH side.


Laughter releases chemicals and returns the body to a state of balance. Make an
effort to be humorous throughout the day. Smile often, laugh often, know 3 great
jokes. When you say goodbye have a good parting joke. Laughter is extra
ordinarily liberating as well as healing.



Shared laughter creates a bond of friendships. When people laugh together, they
cease to be young and old , big and small, man and woman . Laughter is the
shortest distance between human hearts .


Humor is just another defense against the universe. Laughter increases the
number of neuropeptides that facilitate communication between cells and the
nervous system. It stimulates electrical impulses in all parts of the brain,
which in turn increases positive energy , reduces stress , increases your
serotin levels and a sense of well being. Laughter comes from the center of our
being, from the core of our heart


Lasting happiness comes from accumulation of unforgettable moments . These
moments must be mostly moments of achievement while you had fun, and from great
friendships The fastest way to improve relationships is to make the other feel
important in every way possible.


Make the first and last minute count in a meeting. Remember names. It is the
sweetest sound people know. Get wildly interested in what others have to say to
you— they will fall in love with you.


In relationships learn to give happiness and love. If you are not in harmony
with your fellow beings , or if you are not satisfied you’re your lot , you
cannot be happy. In a unhappy state everything gets blown out of proportion,
magnifying our concerns.



Tap into moments of joy again and again and absorb them into your present
moment. Happy employees can maintain a balance between hard work, dedication,
skill and creativity. The key to success is to ride the line between happiness
and contentment and to balance satisfaction with aspiration.


May the holes in your net be no larger than the fish in it. - Irish Blessing
********************************************************************************
MARY MARY QUITE CONTRARY, THE BLOODY MARY-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



BLOODY MARY-

Below: Queen Mary 1 of England



when i was 4 years old at lower kindergarten  , i heard a poem getting recited
by my class mate -- whose grasp of English was purely pedestrian.


it sounded something like this--


MARIE MAARIE QUIKKODARRIE WHO DOES YOUR GARDEN GROW SHILVA BELLS AND KOKKLE
SHELLS AND PECCHYMAIDS ALL IN A ROW


It took another two years for me to find out , the nursery rhyme ran as follows-




Mary, Mary, quite contrary, How does your garden grow? With silver bells and
cockle shells, And pretty maids all in a row.

and i asked my teacher ( a kind Scottish nun ) , what does it mean?



So she went on and on, about the sweet princess of the manor, standing daintily
in her garden , surrounded by flowers and sweet smelling herbs--about tiny
silver bells tinkling magically in the zephyr breeze, and the garden paths lines
with snow white cockle shells, and her pretty maids dressed in fine satin and
lace gowns, standing beside her, under the azure skies, butterflies dancing
around them---.


the truth is a lot murkier--

this song is about the common man of England making fun of their own diabolical
queen whom they loathed and despised.

Mary Tudor, or “Bloody Mary” as she came to be known, was the eldest daughter of
king Henry VIII and his first wife, Catherine of Aragon; becoming Queen of
England in 1553.

She inherited congenital syphilis from her father and was sickly, suffering from
frequent migraines and bald.  Henry VIII doted on his daughter and would boast
in company, "This girl never cries".


She was a cruel human being.


Her father Henry VIII took on 6 wives--and since divorce was NOT allowed by the
Pope and Roman Catholic laws - he made the new Protestant order -- and declared
himself head of the Church of England, which still exists.

She inherited the throne from her step brother Edward VI who ruled England for 6
years and died at the age of 15--again having inherited congenital syphilis from
his father.


As soon as she became queen she imprisoned (in the dark tower of London)  her
half sister Elizabeth I for a year --the daughter of Anne Boleyn -- who became
queen after her death.

Henry VIII is the King who beheaded his 3rd wife Anne Boleyn, on trumped up
false charges of incest , ( she had made the mistake of saying in public that he
was NOT great in bed.)


She restored England crown from Protestant faith back into the fold of the Pope
and Roman Catholicism ( which on hear death her half sister Elizabeth again
reversed--as the people were sick and tired of the Pope and his mean ways ).


Mary's husband Phillip ( Spanish ) was NOT physically attracted to her --and she
was always frustrated .


Before she died at the age of 42-- she burned at the stake  and chopped the
heads of more than 300 people--earning her the nick name BLOODY MARY.  The
popular drink of the Russians( vodka + Tomato juice + salt/ pepper) -- is named
after her.










so--

quite contrary alluded to her unsuccessful attempt to reverse ecclesiastical
changes effected by her father Henry VIII and her brother Edward VI.

the growing garden alluded to the increasing number of tombstones of Protestant
martyrs in the grave yard.

silver bells were thumbscrews to squeeze blood out of the nipples

cockle shells were genital ball crushers

pretty maids in a row, alluded to guillotines nick named at " maiden " lining
London






Mary died in 1558 , and the whole of England rejoiced. They had enough of this
queen and her faked pregnancies.

She was hell bent on pulling the wool over the eyes of her subjects , that she
possessed a nursery, not a play pen-- and that here husband loved her as a
person and had sex with her.


They welcomed Elizabeth I Mary's half sister wholesale --who ruled for a long
time till her death in 1603 as a virgin , as she knew she was infertile ( she
was bald too with  a small pox scarred face smoothened with cosmetics , though
her portraits were of a beautiful lady ).


The world's first drug runner is Queen Elizabeth1, who in 1606 gave orders to
British East India company, to start the opium cultivation in Bengal and Bihar
in India, to increase the wealth of England.. Her drug cartel agent in India was
David Sassoon.

She was also the first African Slave trader who encouraged her pet  slave trader
Jack Hawkins . She knighted both Jack Hawkins and the son of David , Albert
Sassoon for toeing her line. Sir Albert Sassoon married Aline Caroline
Rothschild --the first drug cartel family.


Queen Elizabeth 1 , by her own admission bathed only 4 times in a year " whether
I needed it or not!" ( while actually she bathed only twice as she did NOT want
to remove the white lead compound filling up the small pox pits on her face).

But she had more than 2000 of those funny extravagant dresses with hilarious
frilled collars.  The whole idea was to distract attention from her repulsive
ugliness--one way or the other-- including a jarring red coloured wig.

She filled up the hideous deep pox pits on her face, using a compound including
white lead, which ate away her skin.  She died a virgin ,and hence is called the
"Virgin Queen". There was no way even a ugly common man would have been sexually
aroused by her.





Elizabeth 1 proved to be more diabolical than her half sister , Bloody Mary. She
had Mary Stuart, the Queen of Scots executed. Though she signed her death
warrant, Elizabeth 1 ,did NOT want it to be known to the public.

The Queen of Scots Mary Stuart , was a very pretty, sensuous, and tall woman,
and it is speculated, that it was sheer female jealously , which made Elizabeth
imprison her for 19 years, and then execute her ( not fear of losing her throne
to her, as many considered that she was the true heir ) .



She was publicly disrobed in disgrace, by several men, the executioner took
three strokes with his axe to behead her, with lot of time in between the
strokes. Then her decapitated head was held  high by the auburn hair, to show
the public, with the executioner shouting , as he was told to " God, save the
Queen". .

The head fell down , and it turned out to be a wig, with very short grey hair
underneath, -- the final cruel blow, even after death..- All engineered by bald
and pox scarred faced Elizabeth 1.





And then the most bizarre thing was her tiny dog, kept hidden under her petty
coat ( insinuating that this poor dog was always at her crotch )  , was let
loose, totally covered in blood- with the desperate creature yelping most
pitiably, running helter skelter.



King Henry VIII died in 1547 and spent his last few days in bed, too weak to
even to lift move his fingers. His sick room was filled with a nauseating,
terrible stench .  Legend has it that sometime during the night the coffin burst
open and when the sentries found him, dogs were licking his gangrene laden
remains.


A disgusted Frair Peto had once prophesied that "...dogs will lick his bones as
they did Ahab's." and this legend appeared to fulfil this prophecy.

His penchant for rampant sex-- terminated his bloodline-- and the English crown
passed over to the King of Scotland James VI.

BY THE WAY-- NOBODY IN RUSSIA , AT LEAST IN PUBLIC BARS, DRINKS BLOODY MARY ANY
MORE-- ALL OF THEM HAVE GRADUATED TO VODKA AND COALA ( COCA-COLA !)
********************************************************************************
GLOBAL WARMING-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL








GLOBAL WARMING-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

i shall explain briefly what nonsense goes around on the ignorant planet -- all
in the name of global warming.

this has become a huge money spinner-- like religion ( more power for them popes
and ayathollahs! )-- california and arnold swartznegger included , are reading
the riot act about sox/ nox--

they want ships to slow down , use shore power in port etc.

-- what do they know? --

american most-favoured-nation china sends polluted gas high up -- like a BALLOON
it travels across the pacific in 3 days flat and it rains down on west coast of
usa --


this is a million times more than what fish and fowl-- nay, fowl and fish dept
of california coast guard is trying to achieve.


-- LET THEM BE IN FOOLS PARADISE --

and there was this year indonesian KRAKOTOA volcano erupted-- sending several
hundred thousand tonnes of sulphur into the sky-- that year and the next year
was the coolest year .


-- this is because the  injected sulfur into the second atmospheric layer
-- closest to earth would reflect more sunlight back to space and offset
-- greenhouse gas warming, . sulphur enhances reflectivity and thus cooled the
-- earth’s surface by nearly 1.5 degrees.

MARINE ALGAE pythoplanktons remain on surface of sea ( they need sunlight ) gulp
fantastic amounts carbon di oxide and release oxygen.


they remove carbon dioxide and convert it to organic carbon .when carbon di
oxide is more in the air than in the water it diffuses into the water and vice
versa. carbon dioxide causes warming because it heats up more when exposed to
sunlight compared to other atmospheric gases.

PHYTHOPLANKTONS need minerals like iron , phosphates and nitrates to survive.
when the surface waters are cold the minerals are upwelled from the bottom to
the surface.


when surface waters are warm they act as a barrier and prevent upwelling.. this
is what is elnino which causes drought in australia and in the panama canal and
continious rain in the matto grosso plateu which feed the s American rivers.


during periods of cooler temperatures, there is a flowering of these marine
plants nay animals , as what happened in late 1999.  pp survive for a couple of
days and then sink into the sea bottom as dead biomass. -basically carbon
content.

every two to six days, predators munch down the entire global phytoplankton
mass.

These predators generate turbulence to produce enough electric power to light up
the whole world with every bulb and energy device running continuously- say a
hundred trillion watts of converted chemical power. colour of sea is bluish
green due to phythoplanktons at the bottom levels.


under the sea floor exist carbonate rocks which decompose because of crustal
temperatures and vast amounts of carbon di oxide accumulate and from time to
time they erupt due to certain factors.

sudden release in the bermuda triangle has caused many mysterious occurrences
and yellow fog. the static charge can affect the central nervous system and
cause unconsciousness.


on tanker ships we do not inject carbon di oxide into oil flooded pumprooms -due
to the static effect.

liquid carbon di oxide acidifies the sea water due to increase of hydrogen ion .

this acidification destroys marine life in the sea. the current ph value of
seawater is 8.14---
********************************************************************************
PRANAYAMA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


PRANAYAMA AND OXYGENATION -- AJIT VADAKAYIL


Pranayama— where you exhale twice as long as inhale— IS MORE ABOUT DUMPING OLD
EXPERIENCES, RATHER THAN MERE OXYGENATION OF BLOOD.

It is always starts with the left nostril for right handers – for left handers
it is vice versa ( no book on pranayama talks about this ) .. Left handed people
have their sub-conscious in the left lobe of the brain.


Breathe in the new , breathe out the old. Pranayama—inhale and exhale with
awareness— long exhales with the sound of mmmm. Humming boosts level of nitric
oxide—this in turn ups the oxygen intake by 98%, the biggest secret . Ordinary
breath is a mere 4%.

It is amazing Nitric oxide was discovered by Indian yogis 11000 years ago.  For
re-inventing this a Nobel prize was given 2 decades ago.


Nitric oxide is necessary for- 1. Destruction of viruses, parasitic organisms,
and malignant cells in the airways and lungs by inactivating their respiratory
chain enzymes. 2. Regulation of binding - release of O2 to hemoglobin. 3.
Vasodilation of arteries and arterioles (regulation of blood flow or perfusion
of tissues). 4. Inhibitory effects of inflammation in blood vessels. 5. Hormonal
effects. Nitric oxide influences secretion of hormones from several glands
(adrenaline, pancreatic enzymes, and gonadotropin-releasing hormone) 6.
Neurotransmission. Memory, sleeping, learning, feeling pain, and many other
processes are possible only with NO present (for transmission of neuronal
signals). Obviously, during mouth breathing it is not possible to utilize one's
own nitric oxide which is produced in the sinuses. The mouth, was created by
Nature for eating, drinking, and speaking. At all other times, your trap should
be shut.




When there is lack of oxygen in your blood , you living to a small percentage of
your potential.



Endurance exercise can increase oxygen utilization from 10 to 20 times over the
resting state. This greatly also  increases the generation of free radicals,
which can cause cancer.

Metabolism, or, more accurately the metabolic rate of the cells, sets the demand
for oxygen. At rest, a human consumes about 250 millilitres of oxygen each
minute. With exercise this rate can be increased more than 10-fold in a normal
healthy individual, but a highly trained athlete may achieve a more than 20-fold
increase..

Muscle can do more work, but beyond the aerobic scope they must revert to
anaerobic metabolism, which results in waste products, mainly lactic acid.



Here is a simple test—fill up a bathtub with slightly hot water— take a deep
breath— and lie down with your head under water — you will be up in less than 30
seconds—

Try this and get convinced -- It is about the capacity red cells in your blood
to absorbing more oxygen from the air breathed into the lungs



David Blain held his breath for 17 minutes and 4 seconds in a Oprah Winfey’s
show. What nobody advertised was that Blaine was allowed to inhale pure oxygen
for up to 30 minutes, although he inhaled for only 23 minutes. A Guinness World
Records judge was on hand to certify his feat— but not the oxygen inhalation.
And just before this he lived inside a glass house filled with ice cold water
for many days — like our Himalayan rishis — to put his body into the hibernatory
mode. Hibernation basically reduces the amount of oxygen the cells need to
survive – to buy time to survive during extremely cold weather , lack of food
etc.

The ability of the eye to dark-adapt (, increase its sensitivity at low light
levels) decreases with age, but part of that decrease can be restored by
breathing pure oxygen. Various mental processes in old people are also found to
be improved by breathing oxygen. Any slowed induction of protein synthesis, as
from lower oxygen intake, with age is a factor in the deficits of learning and
memory of old people.

70% of toxins in your body are released by exhalation— rest by sweat, defecation
and urine— surprised?





Oxygen drives the basic metabolic processes that permit growth and constant body
temperature. The main purpose of respiration is to provide oxygen to the cells
at a rate adequate to satisfy their metabolic needs. This involves transport of
oxygen from the lung to the tissues by means of the circulation of blood. The
precise object of respiration therefore is the supply of oxygen to the
mitochondria.

Ganges' self-purifying quality leads to oxygen levels 25 times higher than any
other river in the world. Ganga, show that it is able to reduce BOD (biochemical
oxygen demand) levels much faster than in other rivers. Ganges cleans up
suspended wastes twenty times faster than other rivers on the planet.

Ageing results from the accumulation of toxic reactions. A FREE RADICAL is a
oxygen molecule that has an electron missing. ( like hydrogen peroxide ) Toxic
damage to cells and tissues is the consequence of free radicals that are formed
when oxygen is metabolized. Free radicals strip an electron from any available
nearby source like DNA molecules or proteins.




Free Radical caused diseases are :-- Cancer Heart attack Stroke Arthritis
Inflammatory bowel disease Alzheimer's disease Wrinkling Graying Stiff joints


The power of breathing lies in its relationship with your energy source. The
mind is intimately connected to your breathing. Deep breathing triggers the
lymph, your body’s sewage system which will give your cells more efficiency. It
keeps the blood fully oxygenated. Breathe in the ration 1/4/2.



The physical aspect of lack of oxygen in the body is not as important as the
mental and spiritual aspect.

Lack of oxygen always slows your reaction time. The more oxygen our brains
receive the better they function. Glial cells are mediators between the neurons
and blood vessels of the brain. Oxygenating the brain can slow down constant die
off of brain cells, and can activate areas of the brain which usually idle from
lack of blood.

The cells you use the least are the first to die off. 35000 brain cells die
every day—more when there is lack of blood. But don’t worry, you have a stock of
100 billion brain cells.



Arterial blood is slightly more acidic in pH value ( 0.05 ) than the venous
blood. Blood is an electrolyte. Blood is a carrier for oxygen and nutrients to
the cells, but more fundamentally it is a carrier of electrical current. The
movement of blood produces EM waves through changes in the electrical charge
(voltage) and current (amperage) of the fluid.


Because oxygen is vital to life, the body and brain are extremely sensitive to
even very small reductions . This is why exercise must be done at least ONE hour
after a meal or oxygen required for digestion is used by muscles leading to
indigestion and cramps.

Stress, fear and anxiety causes muscles to contract and blood vessels to
constrict. When blood cannot be transported freely through the body to provide
oxygen, and antibodies and to carry away and dispose toxic wastes, illness sets
in.



Mind is non material , but it works in partnership with communicator molecules.
With every thought mind moves atoms of hydrogen, carbon , oxygen and other
particles in the brain .

Knowing the connection between breath and consciousness, the ancient yogis
devised PRANAYAMA to stabilise energy and consciousness.



All that vibrates in this universe is the cosmic personality and prime mover
Prana, potent in all living beings and non-living beings --- heat, light,
gravity, magnetism, vigor , power , vitality,life, spirit.



When a man is contented and happy , he has more Prana inside him. Anxiety
vanishes entirely when you are one with the rest of the universe. When your mind
is disturbed the fundamental energy Prana leaks . Pranayama just reverses the
process.



Oxygen levels on this planet has plummeted to half of what it was 500 years ago
--due to man made reasons. Consume food based anti-oxidants ( dark coloured
berries etc ) to convert toxic free radicals into harmless elements.

Yoga says that longevity depends on slow diaphragmic breathing. A tortoise takes
4 breaths a minute and so lives more than 200 years.

People who do Pranayama regularly have quieter nerves , less lethargy , better
sleep and lower BP. It prevents accumulation of Uric acid which gives joint
pains.

Fluctuations of mind are controlled and hence Pranayama prepares you for
meditation.

Pranayama was created by the vedic sages who lived on the banks of the river
Saraswati in 9000 BC.

********************************************************************************
GEORGE C SCOTT--THE GABBAR SINGH OF HOLLYWOOD -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


GEORGE C SCOTT – THE GABBAR SINGH OF HOLLYWOOD


George C Scott was awarded a Oscar for best actor in 1970 for his role in the
Hollywood movie Patton about the famous American hero General George S Patton
Jr.


He refused the award and was the first to do so.  This is an ample indication
that Scott literally lived his role as the brash Patton, and had been affected
sub-consciously.

George C Scott was born was born for this role--- he existed to play this role
in the movie.

Like Gabbar Singh of Bollywood movie Sholay in 1973. There can never be another
Gabbar Singh. Nobody can ever capture the essence of the fierce dacoit  leader
in this movie.  The mega star Amitabh Bachchan ( he should retire now, instead
of boring us ) tried it and fell flat on his face!






This master piece movie  Patton won 7 academy awards, and deserved all of them.
The screen play was written by the young genius Francis Ford Coppola.

Let me talk about Patton first—


Patton was a maverick and out spoken US general of World war 2.  Born into a
rich and soldiering family , he was the quintessential flamboyant and larger
than life romantic warrior. His  soldiers were in awe of him on account of his
determination and “blood & guts “ ferocity .  They felt safe under him ,as
Patton understood that “faster you end the war—the lesser the lives would be
lost”. He walked with a swagger and wore riding pants with high Jodhpurs and
Ivory handled pistols at his hip. He was respected even by Hitler who called him
“the most brilliant and dangerous man in the Allied army “ In his young days he
was an athlete and stood 5th in the 1912 Stockholm Olympics in the Pentathlon
event. He made the US team for the 1916 Berlin Pentathlon event too –but the
games wre cancelled due to World war 1. He was a highly decorated war hero in
World war1 and received the Purple heart , after being wounded on his leg.




Scott had to melt all the following traits of the highly complex and ego-
maniacal Patton into a melting pot and act it out – Pattons commanding and over
powering presence --his oratory skills—his intemperate manner-- his passion to
fight —the rogue and crackpot inherent in him – the abrasive and politically
incorrect blabbermouth—the charisma—his hard assed and fearless demeanour—his
hard nosed determination—his lack of patience with fools and politicians—his
brazen boldness in the face of adversity—the religious fervor—his motivating
ability—the compassion in him—his delusions  of Napoleonic grandeur--

The real Patton had a high strung voice—while Scott’s rasping whisky voice was
PERRFECT!  It is hard to imagine Patton now, without Scotts regal bearing .

Scott did not play the crazed genius Patton –he was Patton!!

His was a case where the actor became the character.—no wonder he rejected his
Oscar!

Let me list out a few of Pattons’ timeless quotes— In case of doubt attack!

Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way!

Never let the enemy pick the battle site!

You shouldn't underestimate an enemy, but it is just as fatal to overestimate
him!

An Army is a team; lives, sleeps, eats, fights as a team. This individual heroic
stuff is a lot of crap!

Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise
you with their ingenuity!

Wars might be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. It is the spirit of
the men who leads that gains the victory!

If everybody is thinking alike, then somebody aint  thinkin’ !

May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't!


Patton was assassinated , just before he was to make an expose about his boss
Eisenhower (IKE) , Winston Churchill and President Rooselvelt , the 3 henchmen
of Zionist Jews --about the secret mass genocide of the captured surviving
German soldiers-- 1.7 million of them  .

Ike was the puppet of Rothschild bloodline banker Bernad Baruch. The king maker
in England for Winston Churchill and for every American president from Wilson to
Eisenhover ( Ike ) was Bernard Baruch, the billionaire Zionist Jewish
Financier,who was Rothchild’s agent in USA and also a Rothschild bloodline clone
********************************************************************************
BLUE AVATAR AND VIAGRA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


BLUE SKINNED AVATAR KRISHNA AND SILVER VIAGRA— CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Note : Lord Krishna was a God -- so the reference to him as a mere mortal-- is
tongue in cheek.


There is lot of speculation on the subject why is Krishna blue skinned, while
Rama was fair skinned.

The avatar of Vishnu , Krishna was born in a prison cell in Mathura in 4000 BC.
He was smuggled out to Gokulam in Vrindavan forest to save him from the king who
knew , who would kill him.

Krishna was EXCESSIVELY fond of sweet curd and diary sweets. He was not born
blue.

It is a very old vedic tradition in India to use silver foil to cover hard diary
sweets , and to use negative ions of colloidal silver for antimicrobial action,
to improve metabolism ( to prevent obesity ) , to speed up oxidation of Serotin
( an ancent Viagra for sexual drive ).



Before you read further do a simple experiment. Take two glass containers of
milk, put a silver coin in one of them only and see which container becomes curd
first. After all seeing is believing. Use your sense of smell and taste too.

Kings when they set out on long war campaigns used silver containers to prevent
algae in their potable water . They used the same water to rinse their eyes in
case of infection. Soviets used it on recycled water in their space stations,
all lifted from Vedic traditions. NASA went a step further by installing a
silver water filter system.


Silver foil is tasteless, edible and harmless when consumed in reasonable
amounts . However if you consume too much it is poisonous, and can cause your
SKIN TO BECOME BLUE PERMANENTLY LIKE A TATOO ,DUE TO ARGYRIA FOR IT IS A HEAVY
METAL .

However , Silver is the only metal that is not included in the heavy metal
poisoning manual list. In order to get rid of the silver charge, the body walls
off the silver ions in cells. This happens due to a rare body condition. Few
people who consumed excessive silver coated mouth freshner Jintan balls and
Silver “ Nitrate” medicine had this condition.

Same can be said of Oxygen and pure water too. If you drink too much water, your
will die of brain shutdown due to electrolytic imbalance . If you consume too
much oxygen your hypothalamus goes to overdrive dumping massive amounts of
hormones and neurotransmitters into your blood stream , and you will die.

Silver colour has the property of being the best reflector of heat. Nowadays we
use plastic to cover an edible item from bacteria , fungus and virus. Silver
foil did the same thing, with the bonus that it is also the best reflector and
poorest radiator.


Ayurveda used colloidal silver for curing urinary tract and vaginal yeast
infections and treating various diseases including Cancer, Alzhiemers disease,
Parkinsons disease, Rheumatism, Arthritis ( dispersal of calcium ) , Diabetis ,
Colitis, food poisoning , Tetanus etc.  Negative ions give clarity of thought
and energy. Nike uses silver to deodorise basketball shoes.


In ancient days silver was the official antibiotic and antiseptic. Negative ion
generators , basically OXYGEN ATOMS WITH AN EXTRA ELECTRON -- are available in
the market to combat free radical causing Asthma , hypertension, Inflammation,
Rhinitis, Bronchitis etc.



In chemistry, FREE RADICALS radicals are atoms with unpaired electrons on an
otherwise open shell configuration. These unpaired electrons are usually highly
reactive. Free radical damage within cells has been linked to a range of
disorders including cancer, arthritis, atherosclerosis, Alzheimer's disease, and
Cell suicide, or apoptosis.



Free radicals are very unstable and react quickly with other compounds, trying
to capture the needed electron to gain stability. Generally, free radicals
attack the nearest stable molecule, "stealing" its electron. When the "attacked"
molecule loses its electron, it becomes a free radical itself, beginning a chain
reaction.

Once the process is started, it can cascade, finally resulting in the disruption
of a living cell. Environmental factors such as pollution, radiation, cigarette
smoke and herbicides can also spawn free radicals. Antioxidants neutralize free
radicals by donating one of their own electrons, ending the electron-"stealing"
reaction.



Colloidal silver has an electrical NEGATIVE ionic charge ( anion ) , which
disables certain enzymes. Silver invades diseased cells to destroy pathogens and
immediately flush it out . It neutralises free radicals.

Silver can remove dust which are positively sharged. Positive ions are “ takers”
and have a exhausting and draing effect on the human body. A water fall mist or
seashore spray emanates “ givers” negative ions, drawing mystics and creative
people for the Alpha state.



Negative ions in the blood stream accelerate the delivery of blood to the cells.



Remember, broad band antibiotics are effective against a dozen organisms ( till
they become resistant super bugs ), while silver is effective against about 700.
The wealthy ate with silver spoons. The vedic soldiers used catalyst silver foil
on their skin abrasions and burns.

NO MICRO ORGANISM CEN EVER STAY ALIVE AGAINST COLLOIDAL SILVER. It is safe for
pregnant women, being an electromagnetic process.

James Cameroon got his inspiration for a blue Avatar from Krishna.


And remember if you use silver as Viagra to satisfy hundreds of gopikas in
Brindavan ( as per fake stories injected the white historian )  , you can become
blue.   Same if you burn too much/ too often  Silver Iodide in Vedic homam's to
seed clouds and produce rain.








All this bull about Radha being a mistress of Lord Krishna and all his thousands
of Gopikas whom he flirted with , are all poisons injected into Hinduism by the
white Christian invader.

Tulsidas who invented Radha never existed.







All readers of this post must compulsorily read  ( Google it ) IMMORAL ATTACK ON
HINDUISM VADAKAYIL
********************************************************************************
GUT FEELING AND INTUITION -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






It is your INNER COMPASS.



In Indian yoga, intuition is the single greatest tool to finding happiness .
"Intuition is soul guidance or the inner voice " wrote the great master
Yogananda Paramahamsa.

Intuition helps you stay in the present, like what is advocated in the Bhagavat
Gita.

It has little to do with predicting the future. . Playfulness and relaxation
usually stimulate the intuitive process. All the human senses are channels for
intuition and every cell can be an antenna to receive information

Intuition is a gift of crisis--- It tells you the right thing to do when you
don't have time to figure it all out.

Intuits are able to see possibilities and alternatives that aren’t immediately
apparent. Your inner knowing comes from first your instincts, second your
intellect, and third from your intuition.



Intuition is not pseudo-science . It is an essential psychological function like
thinking, feeling and sensing. The divining power of intuition comes from our
inner self. It arises from very rapid processing of bits of information that are
stored in our subconscious. Intuition thinks in terms of metaphor, feelings,
pictures, and the spatial whole and doesn't fit neatly into the cause-and-effect
model.



It is about trusting your own integrity - trusting your gut, trusting your
heart.. . Your intuition will not force you to do things that are truly wrong
for yourself or other people in contradiction with the laws of the universe.
Intuition is listening to the inner voice or heeding the promptings from within.

Intuition is a ability to cut through the thickness of surface reality .
Intuition and confidence go hand in hand. Your sub-conscious which operates a
dozen times faster than your conscious mind has picked up on signals that your
conscious mind has not yet processed. We function through partial information,
and intuition gives us an overview, a whole sense of things. Intuition acts like
a bridge between your logical reasoning and the sum total of your experience-
based knowledge.

Intuition is a knowing, a sensing that is beyond the conscious understanding — a
gut feeling-- flashes of spontaneous thought that are done apparently without
relating to facts or logic. Intuition is fast, based on pattern matching.


The divining power of intuition comes from our inner self-- very rapid
processing of bits of information that are stored in our subconscious. We cannot
command our gut feeling to use it at will. It just surfaces spontaneously when
certain circumstances are present. Intuitive insights suddenly appear as ideas
or feelings.

Intuition is now an EQ competency. It’s considered something necessary to
successful living, and something to be respected and valued. Intuitive decisions
are NOT guesswork . Intuition has an important role to play in decision making .
Intuition is not limited to opinions but can encompass the ability to know valid
solutions to problems.

Intuition usually shows up in the areas where you have passion and talent. By
logic that we prove, by intuition we discover. Intuition is a sudden and
inexplicable knowing. It lies at the roots of spontaneity, humor, creativity,
inspiration, and even genius.



Intuition has its own unique language for communicating with you through touch,
sight, taste, sound, and smell. As you pay attention to your senses, you’ll
begin to understand the “vocabulary” of your intuition.

Mental static and ego can get in the way of tapping into intuition. Intuition
bubbles up from within and can be overwhelmed by old mental or emotional "tapes"
. Intuition gone wild becomes “jumping to conclusions”. By going too far out on
a limb , you risk misinterpreting the situation and start harming others.
Intuition should not be overused.

Your brain is a complex tapestry of interacting neurons, all working together to
provide you with insights that guide you through life. It’s complicated. So
complicated that your conscious brain cannot keep up with everything it’s trying
to tell you.



So what exactly is intuition? It is the messages from your unconscious mind
making contact with your consciousness. . The uncanny ability to detect patterns
in the world around us, and to extrapolate larger truths . Use it always, never
ignore it.



Our instincts and intuition are more reliable in a decision making, than our
conscious brain. . By listening to what our heart and soul tells us to do - and
then doing it - we can take ourselves anywhere we have ever dreamed of going.

Your consciousness only uses a tiny proportion of your brainpower and your
intuition accesses the residual power and communicates to your consciousness the
bank of wisdom and knowledge it has available. This is done subtly through
thoughts, feelings, sensations, images, sounds or any combination of them. Just
as animals have a natural survival instinct so humans are born with the natural
ability to be intuitive; your human instinct.

Traits often found in those with high intuitive intelligence include-- an
awareness of one's personal value system, a healthy awareness of one's own
feelings, an ability for self-direction and self-management, a powerful level of
self-trust, a desire for innovation, a refined knowledge of one's strengths and
weaknesses, and a high degree of self-regard and freedom.

"The only real valuable thing is intuition. -- Albert Einstein.

Never ignore the inner spark , the gut feeling, the sixth sense or hunch that
ignites vision and leads you to success. Intuitive insights motivate us to grow
closer to the creative source, thereby igniting our own creative spark and
expression, which is the essence of our true self. When you feel excited about
something, that's a hint about what to pursue.




Decisions are made in the mind—choices are made in the gut.  Choices come from
your essence and attunement to your higher self.


Now -- having said all above, here is an amazing anatomy lesson. War victims
have had their neural connection between spine and gut severed, still the bowel
can function. This follows that the neural mass in the gut is an independent
cognitive centre. This explains when as a Captain , I chew up a crew member  for
letting down the team, he gets severe intestinal gut cramps. And why anti-
depressants targetting the brain solely, causes nausea. This means the brain and
the gut are like Siamese twins. When one gets upset, the other one gets upset
too. Half the nerve cells are situated in the gut. When i have a headache i
target my gut by having an alkaseltzer, and it have never failed to work 100%.
If your gut is unhealthy, your immunity lowers.





Both our gut and our brain originate early in embryo genesis from the same clump
of tissue which divides during fetal development.



While one section turns into the central nervous system, another piece migrates
to become the enteric nervous system. Later the two nervous systems connect via
a cable called the vagus nerve — the longest of all the cranial nerves . The
vagus nerve meanders from the brain stem through the neck and finally ends up in
the abdomen. There’s the brain-gut connection. This means your psychological
health, is partly derived from the heathy gut. When you have severe dysentry ,
have you noticed how depressed you feel?

Develop an intuitive life. This is not a tool-- it is a god given way of living.

Grace and peace!

********************************************************************************
IN THE ZONE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



IN THE ZONE , HARNESSING THE SUBCONSCIOUS MIND — CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

More than 3 decades ago , in a shipboard party somewhere in the Mediterranean
the soon to be antique Radio Officer boasted “ Nobody on the ship can do my job”
.

It was the Morse code era. I was on the bridge doing my watch. The third officer
, who was aware of my amateur Morse code proficiency, came up told me the story,
and relieved me. I came down , accepted the radio officers challenge, the
damages being one bottle of scotch.

The whole party shifted to the radio room , a tape recorder was hooked on . To
cut a long story short, I beat the radio officer by 8 words to the minute all
the while cracking non veg jokes during transmission.

All the soundly beaten poor man could say was “ Oh, shit!— but you did nerve
signalling ”


So -- what do the following have in common?

---A lowly paid government office babu furiously typing away , all the while
---listening to cricket commentary

---A champion surfer making optimum use of a giant wave


---A Olympic high board diver executing a difficult manoeuvre for the gold medal

---A team of 100 tranced drummers in a temple festival of Kerala, their
---collective energy driving the beat



---You , yourself driving in busy traffic on a manual transmission

---A champion Table tennis player retrieving a awesome deuce smash made by his
---opponent , using his subconscious to match the speed of the ball

---Arjuna of Mahabharata shooting his arrow into the eye of the revolving fish,
---looking at its reflection in the pool below--


All of them were in “ IN THE ZONE “ — having harnessed the spirit. It is a place
where everything clicks.



Being in the zone is a state of mind—where you are free of thinking and negative
emotions and in A FEELING MODE. The less you think, the more you achieve—for you
own your destiny.



All of them are –

--In a different ecstatic dimension, in a flow of energy, in a sort of a tunnel
--on autopilot

--All of them are in a state of timelessness, having no qualms of the future,
--totally in the present moment and in the present place, in a state of
--surrender but in focus

--Their effortless actions are not conscious , but driven by instinct, merging
--action and awareness, in perfect sync

--All have a sense of finesse and grace, with mind and body working in perfect
--unison

--All have their timing just right, with the gut feeling that the odds are in
--their favour, unbeatable and unstoppable in a state of dominance

--Body language shows that they are a picture of poise , calmness , enjoyment
--and confidence, in short – a magical state , with single minded  purpose ,
--even before giving the shot

--All of them are beyond the boundaries of human ego, and feel that they are
--part of something larger, where the laws of the physical world cease to exist,
--transcending the condition of being human.

--All trust their instincts and intuition to do the right thing at the right
--time, without reasoning or analysing.

--All can feel what’s gonna happen next and act according with the flow . The
--game comes to you and not you going to the game.


GENIUSES ARE ORDINARY PEOPLE WHO CAN MAKE CONSCIOUS THEIR UNCONSCIOUS
PERCEPTIONS. REMEMBER , EVERYTHING YOU DO WELL WITHOUT AWARENESS ,IS DONE BY THE
SUBCONSCIOUS.

When the left and right lobe of the brain works in harmony, the unleashed
mysterious K force can made you achieve the extraordinary .


Our intuition is like the weather vane, pointing us in the right direction. It
does not take your decisions.




Any idea or thought you yourself accept as true will be taken as a command by
the subconscious mind, as it cannot distinguish between dreams and reality . You
can program or harness or fool the subconscious mind by imagining, unrestrained
by left lobe censorship and conventional inhibitions .

Never squelch the hunches and perceptions spewed by your subconscious. Do not
think inwards, think in feelings and images— if possible using all 5 senses—like
texture , smells etc.



Any problem if approached from a unpredictable angle can give unexpected
creative results. This is called lateral thinking. One of these days if you get
the time watch the Hollywood movie MY COUSIN VINNY.

And don’t be too bashful and coy when you declare to yourself “ I am the best” (
like a certain ship captain ) – for it is the trigger for magic, it gives you
the power . Like how milling turns into a full blown riot , after a trigger
moment.



It pays to remember -- The subconscious responds to stimuli, not pressure.

We have heard athletes describe the phenomenon of BEING IN THE ZONE.  The
frontal lobe is that part of the brain that allows us to be in the PRESENT
MOMENT.


Arjun saw only the eye of the fish—at that time the activity in the neocortex
ceases and there is no thinking. The cerebellum takes over at that point.


When the frontal lobe is activated you have focus, clarity, decisiveness,
concentration, pro activeness and individuality.

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an action, but  a habit. TT
players, high board divers –let the body do the work and tell the minds to FO.



When the mind has repeatedly instructed the body to perform an action, the body
will begin to remember the action better than the thinking brain. Communication
between cells is faster than the speed of light. Nerve cells are called neurons.

The face of a high board diver in the Olympics just before the jump for the gold
medal --is the face of a human being in the zone. The brain has surrendered to
the body.



CIVILISATION HAS ADVANCED BY EXTENDING THE NUMBER OF IMPORTANT OPERATIONS WHICH
WE CAN PERFORM WITHOUT THINKING ABOUT THEM.

Meditation is a creation of the sages of  Indian Vedic civilization. The vedic
civilisation flourished from 9000 BC to 4000 BC on the banks of the river
Saraswati, till the river dried up due to an earthquake blocking the glacial
mouth at the Himalayas. These seers had 12 strand DNA and king sized resonating
pineal glands.



A few days ago, my wife went to  the ATM booth and came out white faced-- she
said she just cant remember the password number.   I told her " Just insert the
card and punch in as usual ----- it will come to you like magic ".   After a
minute she comes out with a big grin--  it worked .

Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in
vain. - Carl G. Jung
********************************************************************************
DNA , NASA, ARSENIC AND PHOSPHORUS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL DNA , TRANSDUCER FOR
QUANTUM INFORMATION--  DNA IN STAR DUST RAIN AS ORANGE GOO













so--




NASA delivered their sucker punch--on Dec 3rd 0030 hrs!.

we need to move from Classical science to Quantum science when we deal with
DNA!!



for--

Arsenic and Phosphorus are just adjacent keys on the musical keyboard of life --


Arsenic and phosphorus are also chemically analagous — arsenic is directly below
phosphorus on Mendeleeyev’s periodic table, and the elements have the same
number of electrons in their outer shells, which makes them behave similarly.



So swapping arsenic for phosphorus is no big deal, even it NASA's great
discovery is true. Mendeleyeev based his table on Panini’s Sanskrit alphabets.

And in any case demented DNA mutations of bacteria in a ANAEROBIC , oxygen
deprived, dying ( but once vibrant fresh water ) saline lake is on expected
lines.  Can this bacteria grow? --let us not talk about survival .



Transfer the same morbid microbes into the living ionised Ganges water and see
the magic!.


Are we not aware of free radicals? We must remind ourselves that this lake which
has one of the highest concentrations of Arsenic on the planet is also highly
ALKALINE. Alkaline water give away anti-oxidants. DNA can fall in from the sky--
as a mysterious orange goo or red rain .  I have examined this strange orange
goo.  Read my post about this star dust in google search by punching in NIBURU,
PLANET X, MARTHANDA -VADAKAYIL


Tvasta , the double helix coiled serpents which cannot be destroyed- is
mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC , ( DNA ) as that which gives rise to all life
in living creatures.


Digression:  When Alexander the Great came to India in 326BC--he got beaten back
by a minor Indian king by the name of Porus ( Purushottam ) who had just 85
elephants. The next king over the border Chandra Gupta Maurya had 9000 war-
elephants, and hordes of  fierce Tibetan Mastiff dogs--- and was getting ready
to eat up Alexander and his motley army for breakfast -- forcing Alexander's
army to chicken out --nay -- fall "homesick" and  revolt .

This king Chandragupta Maurya had his own personal bodyguard battalion of hand
picked beautiful young women called Vishakanyas ( poison-maidens ) who were
resistant to Arsenic-- as they had been fed small doses , since they were born.
You make love to such a woman -- and you die!

NO PRIZES TO NASA FOR GUESSING THAT THESE 12 STRAND DNA, NIL JUNK, WOMEN
UNDERWENT A DNA MUTATION- WHICH REPLACED PHOSPHORUS ( NOT  C H O N S ) WITH
ARSENIC.  ALL DNA ON THIS PLANET IS SAME --THEY ARE ONLY REARRANGED FOR VARIOUS
FORMS OF LIFE.




The protein scientists must realise that DNA stores information in a blue print
, and is also a transceiver for communications, via wormholes in ZPF . DNA code
and its information database has taken eons to build.

Ever seen the double slit quantum experiment, where human consciousness is
factored in? All the ancient languages like Sanskrit came from DNA. This is why
a Mantra using spoken words of correct frequency, can reprogram DNA gone awry.
You just cant substitute OM with AMEN and hope magic will happen.( or read the
mirror image of OM and call 786 powerful ). A language like Sanskrit and its
script evolved from a 12 strand DNA of seers , before 4000 BC.

The human body atoms constitute  63% Hydrogen and 24% oxygen , since we are
mostly water. And since we are organic Carbon occupies 12%.  Phosphorus is just
a measly 0.1%. Phosphorus aids in transmission of nerve pulses and of course
bones have 50% phosphate. Some people who regularly eat RED TIDE poisoned shell
fish have plenty of "non-harmful" forms of Arsenic in their body--and testing
urine can give a false alarm--this is why hair is tested for Arsenic.

Classical science, has yet to discover the full spectrum of DNA imprinting
function or the direct connection between DNA and consciousness.


On Dec 21 2012, when the sun is at the bindu of the Sri Yantra ( cosmic womb ) ,
aligned with the galactic equator , we will understand this intelligent force
residing inside the DNA-


- two more years to go!-there,  i have said it!!..


THIS HAS TO DO WITH RED RAIN AND MORE THAN 200 ANCIENT WELLS COLLAPSING OCCURING
IN MY HOMESTATE OF KERALA INDIA FOR 2 MONTHS  ( 25TH JULY 2001 TO SEPT 23RD
2001.)



After Dec 21st 2012, a lot of humans on this planet  will shift to the wisdom
mode rather than the knowledge mode, due to preprogramming of his DNA by star
dust. These people will have lesser junk DNA. Wisdom determines how knowledge
will be used. Science will happily accept consciousness. Darwin and Newton will
be consigned to the dustbin and man will understand the powers of his mind, as
told in the Vedas written in 5000 BC.  The internet of global consciousness will
give DARSHAN of space- time continuum..



The great Indian planetary Yuga of 25765 years due to the precession wobble ,
ends here --  The cross between the equinoxial and the ecliptic will very soon
go from Pisces to Aquarius.



To find out what is Sri Yantra , please punch in "SRI YANTRA 108 AND THEORY OF
EVERYTHING" in google search.   The Sri Yantra appeared as a crop circle in 1970
on a wet mud lake at Idaho USA, and was photographed by a US air force plane--
13.3 miles long.



Also be surprised to read about Sri Yantra in " SECRETS OF EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS
REVEALED , VADAKAYIL". When the pyramids were build with water inside the
tunnels beneath, the apex would emit a blue plasma glow which could be seen
hundreds of miles away.


This Kirlian photograph ( used for recording auras ) is for sceptics-- see the
scalar vortex energy spiral out from the apex of pyramids. Does it not resemble
a DNA helix?








Nikola Tesla was known to see blinding flashes of the ABOVE CROP CIRCLE --the
geometrical 6000 year old Indian sacred symbol Sri Yantra.


Its triangle holds the same angle as the Pyramids of Egypt 51 deg 49 min 38.25
sec. and the golden constant of 1.618033989 ( relation ship between Pi and ratio
of hypotenuse to half base Phi. )




Consciousness is a form of electromagnetic energy!





By Dec 21st 2012, this planet should be able to figure out how quantum
consciousness connects worker ants to the queen ant. And how the queen bee's
blueprint of quantum entanglement goes off line if you suddenly squash her to
death.  Entanglement is the bizzare quantum process where a single wave function
describes different objects.









More interesting would be the quantum solution to "waggle dance of the bees " in
the Akashik ZPF field. ( Singapore has NO bees to pollinate because the mobile
phone towers upset the dance! )



Cells and DNA communicate through frequencies.  DNA holds the memory of our
perfect forms.

In the last 30 years, superior humans have been born on earth— with figure of 8
loop , 12 strand DNA ( like the mobius coil ) which can biologically generate
and emit SCALAR waves, also known as Reiki waves, which travel faster than light
through any medium without losing strength.



The primary function of our DNA is not protein synthesis, as biologists will
tell you , but the reception and transfer of electromagnetic energy.



Life is fundamentally electromagnetic than biochemical, the DNA blueprint
functioning as a bio- hologram which serves as a guiding matrix for organizing
physical form

Our DNA is capable of producing and receiving sound (phonons) and light
(photons) The DNA is a kind of a lens which can attract electromagnetic energy
into itself.

Every biochemical reaction is preceded by an electromagnetic signal.

DNA can be influenced by acoustic, electromagnetic and SCALAR WAVES. In the
quantum holographic DNA- wave bio-computer theory, DNA is a self-calibrating
antenna working by phase conjugate ( scalar waves and phase conjugation)
adaptive resonance capable of both receiving and transmitting quantum
holographic information stored in the form of diffraction patterns-quantum
holograms.

Chromosomes that are damaged by X-rays, for instance, can be repaired by simply
applying vibration and language, or sound combined with intention, or words, to
DNA!

DNA is the stablest chemical in the body, and thanks to its stability each of us
is able to inherit genetic traits from our parents— blue eyes, curly eyes,
facial patterns etc— and preserve them intact to pass on to our children.

On chemical tankers carrying PBT ( persistent/ bio-accumulative/ toxic )
chemicals , i command-- it is a struggle to preserve our DNA from damage and
dementia.  Ever noticed what Agent Orange did to the Vietnamese ?

Our DNA has remembered all the things that ever happened to human beings.



DNA is the source for all the proteins that repair cells , build new ones,
replace missing or defective pieces of the genetic code , heal cuts and bruises
and so forth.

All cells in your body whether it is a hair follicle of neuron of cell , grew
from one double strand of DNA at the moment of conception.  Cells themselves
have the ability to perfectly reprogram their own DNA when the external
environment demands it.

Everything you do, think, speak, run , play guitar or rule a country depends on
a capacity programmed into one original molecule.

Each cell of the body contains all of DNA’s infinite possibilities all of the
time, from the moment of conception till death.

DNA can send and receive powerful data through a universal network of ether..





The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from the zero
point field. They function as gel like liquid crystals ( antennae for
transmitting / receiving infomation ), emittimg weak laser like light,
convertible to an electro-acoustic signal.


Mobuis supercoil DNA can generate scalar waves. Negative emotions affect DNA
signalling.  The bridge connecting the galactic resonances which rain down on
our planet and brain frequencies reside in our DNA helix.  28 years back when i
got married, our horoscopes were matched.   DNA structure resonates thus
quivering the individual cells. This is the principle of astrology , which is
pure mathematics.


When you meditate you tune your DNA to the subtle quantum level matrix. Energy
transfer  to the molecular level powers your metabolic processes. Such is the
power of intention - or prayer.

DNA is like the master tuning fork in the body. It would strike a particular
frequency and certain other molecules would follow-- the waves are LONGITUDINAL
-- rather field like--




DNA—the coiled double helix of genetic coding holds a blue print of the body’s
protein and amino acids. Each DNA helix or chromosome –and the identical 26
pairs exist in every one of the thousand million cells of the body.



Energy cannot be destroyed –it can only be transformed. Nothing that was created
can ever cease to exist. They can only change. And so we change. We emerge from
microscopic interactions of cells and DNA grow to the physical form we know in
the world and then shed that form like how a butterfly emerges from its
chrysalis to fly home.

Emotions like anger and fear can “compress” DNA,  However, emotions like joy,
gratitude and love unwind the the DNA, decompress it!


When properly activated by sound combined with intention, the superconductor
that is DNA is designed to re-harmonize the entire bio energy blueprint.  The
Cymatics below ( Sri Yantra ) is for the primal mantra OM of 7.83 Hz harmonics.
The Sri Yantra was seen by the Vedic sages during their Soma resonated trances
11000 years ago. The Vedic civilisation flourished on the banks of the river
Saraswati from 9000BC to 4000BC. In 9500 BC Europe had just come out from the
Quaternary ice age cover.


All living things emits a constant tiny current of photons –tiny particles of
light. The tiny frequencies are mainly stored and emitted from the DNA of cells.
Cancer victims had fewer photons. Photon stream emanates from the hands of Reiki
healers. At our most elemental we are energy.



Water purifiers in our kitchens use UV rays to permanently damage the DNA of
disease causing bacteria.








If you can blast a cell with UV light so that 99 % of the cell incl its DNA is
destroyed, you can repair the damage in a single day by just illuminating the
cell with the same wavelength of a very weak intensity.

There must be some light in the body responsible for photo-repair. A cancerous
compound must cause cancer because it permanently blocks this light and
scrambles it, so that photo-repair cant work any more. When you allpy ethidium
bromide to DNA it causes it to unwind. DNA is capable of sending out a large
range of frequencies , linked to certain functions. Once unwound DNA emits more
light..

The earth formed 4.3 billion years ago. The first bacteria appeared soon after:
3.8 billion years ago. With them DNA appeared.

DNA never dies, it merely changes its structure and appearance into a cavalcade
of living beings. When a lake dries up for a couple of years due to drought--
the life is inherent in the lake. As soon as fresh rains come after a few years
--see the prolific life burst forth-- have you ever wondered about this
intelligent force ?


 ItexistswithintheDNA.




The image of the human being is contained within the microscopic DNA strands of
the fertilised egg in the womb. Consciousness gave the image or blueprint which
ultimately manifested itself as a particular form.






There is a connection between DNA and consciousness . The brain and the DNA are
transducers for quantum information from the scalar field. When a DNA strand is
placed in a vacuum, the energy emitted by that strand will attract photons which
will assume the same shape of the DNA strand, even if the DNA strand is removed
later.

Some cells specialize for heart, hair, skin etc.  The DNA strands are replicated
in each cell. The mind can direct tiny proteins to read the sophisticated
sequence of DNA helix .


Every cell of your body contains the creative power of the universe. Every DNA
has its own melody, as energy and matter is musical in nature.


God resides within your DNA.  A DNA molecule is more sophisticated than any
supercomputer on earth, and is the blue print of life .




SOMETHING ABOUT WATER--

The water we drink is 3 billion years old.

Even a small amount of water has enough cluster structures available to absorb
whole libraries of information. Ever wondered why you get baptized by water?



The most mysterious and controversial property of water, however, is its ability
to hold and store memory. I would not be surprised if in the future Silicon
valley is renamed as Water valley. For water can store information about
substances that were once in it but that have physically disappeared. Latest
generation computer robotic research is investigating water's capacity to order
and transmit information, as an improvement to silicon.

Liquid water absorbs radiation of all wavelengths, except a narrow window in the
visible (photochemical) waveband. This window is critical for photolysis and
directly or indirectly influences the development of all life on Earth.

Water is the universal medium for all biological activity; it dissolves,
dilutes, transports, and reacts with every chemical essential for life.

Water registers precise molecular information about the world around it, and
that is extremely sensitive to these frequencies coming into it.Water remembers,
or stores this information, and that it can transport this into new environments
when it travels through various water cycles.



’Living water is an organized state of matter and energy, and capable of storing
’and transmitting information. Water in everything we eat or drink carry with it
’a subtle informational content that imparts a "memory" into our "water body."
’The visual images that we encounter, the sounds that we hear, and our thoughts
’are encoded into the water of our cells to become a part of our unconscious
’mind.

Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings. The
implications go beyond homeopathy and ’energy medicine" and into the interaction
between water and consciousness.

Classical science must stick to the 5 human senses, ( at it can only unravel a
miniscule percentage of cosmic phenomena ) .  Anything beyond that , especially
if it is microscopic like DNA --belongs to holographic Quantum science.



Once science starts researching immaterial phenomena, it will make more
significant progress in a decade, than it did in all previous centuries of its
existence.   --  Nikola Tesla

Each part is a whole and everything springs from the whole-- Swami Vivekananda,
the Indian mystic  ( he told this in 1903 , 45 years before the hologram was
invented-- when he introduced Tesla to Akasha ( vedic  prana / ether /
longitudinal scalar waves/ orgone / zero point field  ).

For the layman: An electron goes round the nucleus in a Hydrogen atom, the same
way the earth goes around the sun. What keeps the electron in orbit without
losing speed, or --what sustains the orbit speed and distance of the earth?
Obviously this perpetual motion feeds off the ZPF field ( Zero Point Field/
Akasha / Ether  )


Quantum physics deals with photons. Memories are NOT encoded in neurons but in
patterns of nerve impulses that interconnect in the brain, the same way a
hologram contains information in every part of its whole. Photons are
luminescent energy. Stars give out photons. EVERY LIVING THING GIVES OUT PHOTONS
FROM ITS DNA . ( Cancer patients have fewer photons ) . It is massless and hence
its velocity is frequency dependent. Its energy is directly proportional to
frequency and inversely proportional to wavelength.Low frequency photons behave
like waves and high frequency photons behave like particles. The ZPF teems with
photon streams. Photons are exchanged whenever electrically charged sub atomic
particles interact. Photons do not have an electric charge and cannot interact
with each other. A photon is stable and lives for ever. Our body is a collection
of particles, our mind is a collection of waves and our soul is energy. Scalar
waves travel faster than speed of light.







The above geometry is the Sri Yantra which holds the elusive THEORY OF
EVERYTHING.



The world would have been a better place if Tesla  had got the same funding and
moral support --as what NASA gets.

Suggest NASA spend some funds on the following DNA quantum effects, to shed the
"classical snake skin" once and for all :--


1) Spiralling DNA with laser and watch the photons continue spiralling . DNA
light has laser like characteristics. Does DNA create wormholes--a short cut
through space time ? Quantum tunneling is used in modern flash memory drives--
sunlight reaches earth too this way.

2) Reprogramming DNA with mantras (  spoken word ) for carrier frequencies . It
must be noted that Sanskrit is a divine language where the tonoscope cymatics ,
form the written letter --or can be visualised by a mystic. Our DNA can be
“read” or “rewritten” as a textual (and acoustic!) genetic code.


(A divine language originates from the DNA blueprint.  It will be polite, have
(perfect morphology, no meanings by connotations, will be unambiguous , will NOT
(have spellings, syntax , proper nouns and silent letters -- and will have
(vibrations for DNA repair by spoken word mantras.   OM the Hindu king mantra ,
(the sound body of consciousness and sound of light as per ancient Vedas ,
(resonates with planet earth at 7.83 Hz and has been lifted by Schumann . Your
(own DNA and planet earth resonates joyfully or dances to this mantra . OM is
(the trigger for quantum tunneling where the wormholes do NOT have a speed of
(light restriction)

3) How DNA follows the laws of optics/ acoustics.  DNA behaves as a liquid
crystal.

4) DNA soliton waves effects.  A soliton wave which travel back and forth along
the DNA helix is an ultra stable information carrying quantum wave which
exhibits wave particle duality ( surprised ? ). like how a laser reads the DVD.

5) DNA as harmonic oscillator for communications. Exposure to DNA wave
information from living seeds encoded on radio waves can energise dead seeds
killed by radioactivity.

6) Quantum spiral fractal holographic transducer properties of DNA. Laser light
produces holograms when transmitted through DNA. Coherent laser light produces
diffraction patterns when transmitted through crystalline structures. A healthy
cell and a cancer cell emits vastly different photon light.



7) Is " junk DNA " ( 96% )  irreversible really junk, as declared by "protein
scientists" ?



Or can they be re-activated and upgraded by cosmic rays and star dust raining
from meterorites, after Dec 21st 2012.


Shiva Linga black stone is such a meteorite, raining down from binary star
Marthanda ( Mis-shaped and cast away son of "mother of all mothers" Aditi as per
Rig Veda  written in 5000 BC)





Will activation of this junk DNA make conscious computers possible with a
digital language ( Backus Naur grammar ) like Sanskrit?  If you unravel all the
DNA from all cells of our body it would reach to the sun and back 150 times.
Self aligning DNA strands can be used as the thinnest fibre optic cables, that
use photons instead of electrons.  DNA is a biological internet!



8) Is there a relationship between our atrophied pineal gland ( our dead third
eye which gives us paranormal abilities ) and junk DNA.? The ancient Vedic sages
did NOT have junk DNA.





People with activated pineal glands having gold auras 528 Hz can do DNA repair.




Why is DNA research and fund allocations concentrating on Dolly syndromed
Biochemistry ? it is all about money spinning patents and vested selfishness ?
Is Quantum DNA and double helix scalar wave antenna research only for military
purposes to destroy mankind?

Indian warrior saint who taught the Chinese Kung Fu and gave this planet tea,--
Bodhi Dharma had to meditate for 9 years for the raised Kundalini 'mystical'
experience and to activate his 12 strands of DNA.   Nikola Tesla was probably an
early version of an  Indigo child.  We are all disconnected. Imagine activating
100% of your 2 strand DNA, PLUS 10 additional strands! We will go from using 5%
of your brain to becoming a multi-dimensional being with psychic, telepathic,
and manifestation abilities . We can retard the aging process. This was the
Original Divine Blueprint, of what man MUST be— with a king sized resonating
pineal gland.


DNA is a superconductor that stores light at body temperature, and can create
magnetic wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and axional membranes are also hollow
cylinders.

By the way in India we use a quantum medicine by the name of circumin ( turmeric
) to reprogram our demented DNA.  Circumin is anti-mutagenic and has the ability
to inhibit topoisomerase enzymes that control the changes in DNA structure.


So Alzheimers is virtually unknown here, where 1 out of 5 human beings on the
planet reside.

In the west 45% of old people over the age of 78 are the " walking dead "-- and
their ungrateful children dont care-- for it costs money,  with no early
solution in sight .


Quantum medicine understands that our reality is a vibratory reality - from sub
nuclear level to atomic, molecular, and macro levels.  Every thing oscillates
between two states of rest.  Everything produces a longitudinal vibration, --  a
"sound of music ".


Can such a small object like DNA ever escape the laws of quantum physics? 1600
years ago the iron pillar of New Delhi was erected. It has never rusted , due to
a angstrom thin patina layer of phosphorus. Modern stainless steel used chromium
for the thin chromic oxide layer. This armoured steel can carry sulphuric acid.
Passivation is thus a quantum process. In 2010 two Russian quantum scientists
secured the Nobel prize in Physics for making a super thin carbon layer which
can be put into military use for aircrafts.

Bottom lines:

The whole world knows who is Edgar Cayce ( the modern Nostradamus ) who was a
staunch Christian.

Cayce said in his trance " Man did NOT descend from the monkey-- he evolved time
to time, here a little there a little, line upon line and line and line upon
line"  . ( read line as DNA strands --to hell with Darwin)

He said in a trance that people must chant " Arree ee oommm " to open up divine
influences.  My younger son goes to Chinmaya School in Calicut.  There all
children have to greet a teacher in ancient Vedic stye " HARI OM " . OM is the
king mantra of Hindus which reprogrammes the DNA, created in 9000 BC.

Cayce also talked about holistic Ayurveda, Akashic ZPF records ( which Swami
Vivekanda told to Tesla ) , ESP, Karma , re-incarnation ( DNA stuff ) etc --all
Vedic philosophy.  No wonder more than 8000 of 14000 odd his trance readings
have been buried by vested interests, who do not like ancient Hindu mumbo-jumbo.

ADVICE FOR PROTEIN DNA SCIENTISTS:

DNA FOLLOWS THE FIBONACCI SERIES AND THE GOLDEN RATIO -- BOTH LIFTED FROM  THE
10000 YEAR OLD VEDIC MYSTICAL ,THEORY OF EVERYTHING,  GEOMETRY.

IN MY HOME STATE THERE IS A PLANT BY THE NAME OF KIZHAR NELLI   OR   PHYLLANTHUS
NIRURI,   WHICH CAN BLOCK THE DNA POLYMERAZE-- THE ENZYME WHICH DOES THE
FEEDBACK ROLE IN RAMPANT DUPLICATION.

READ MORE ABOUT IT IN MY POST " KIZHAR NELLI, THE QUANTUM MEDICINE".

THINK ABOUT IT!

Here is something for Darwin fans to chew on. There is an enzyme in our body
called DNA polymerase. It is an accurate enzyme and guardian keeper of our
genetic information. It syntheses strands and does DNA repair too. Evolution in
life is based on DNA mutations. If cells could reproduce DNA and shield it from
damage in a foolproof manner, our planet would be still covered by a thin layer
of protocells.  It is the occasional mutation which adds diversity to life. This
can cause cancer too, as occasionally a key protein is modified-- if our cells
cannot control mutation. To see some fancy pictures punch into google search
AGENT ORANGE ,THE BIGGEST CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY ,VADAKAYIL.

We see incredible order and harmony and pattern which no accident or Darwin type
evolution can produce.  The image of the human being is contained within the
microscopic DNA strands of the fertilised egg in the womb. Consciousness is the
intelligent force that started the blueprint which ultimately manifested itself
as a particular form.


The brain and DNA are governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the
laws of biology or neurophysiology. Our billions of cells and DNA have memories
that influence our behaviour and traits.


Read my post STARDUST , EVOLVED DNA AND DEC 21ST 2012 dated 27th Feb 2012, to
follow up----



7000 years ago, the Indian Vedas , and Ayurveda wrote down in Sanskrit the
benefits of OM ( the Hindu king mantra ) .The humming of MMMMM boosted the
levels of Nitric acid molecules in the blood to do DNA repair and prevent
ageing. Modern science still has NO idea of what this resonant trigger and
activation of the natural chemical factory in the brain is all about.


Consider this amazing fact.  The ancient Vedic Maharishis as far back as 8000
years old, knew of the degeneration of the Y chromosome of the human DNA.   In
India marriage between same gotras ( lineage ) is banned. Honor killings take
place in India with a rigid Khap village justice system.

The Gotra system was designed to track down the root Y Chromosome of a person .
The ancient Vedic Rishis had observed the degeneration of the Y Chromosome and
they wanted to maintain as many individual healthy unique Y Chromosome lineages
as possible. That would give a fair chance for males to continue to exist
because Y Chromosomes get passed on over generations with almost negligible
change in their genetic combinations, as they do not take part in mix and match
with other Chromosome.

Men have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome while women have two X
chromosomes. DNA swapping happens between a pair of chromosomes, and since the Y
chromosome doesn't have a pair, it can't swap DNA. So patterns stick around for
a long time.


All life on Earth is powered by a process called chemiosmosis, where the
chemical adenosine triphosphate (ATP), the rechargeable chemical 'battery' for
life, is both broken down and re-formed during respiration to release energy
used to drive the reactions of life, or metabolism.

Earthly phosphorus is the key element in ATP, and other fundamental building
blocks of life like DNA,  is largely insoluble in water and has a low chemical
reactivity.

The complex enzymes ( SAGALA ) required for both the creation and break down of
ATP came from black meteorite stones ( Shiva Lingams ) which rained on earth
from the sky.  This life seed or DNA containing stone is allegorically called
Lord Shiva’s phallus.

DNA can be altered through magnetic fields, heart coherence, Sanskrit mantras,
positive mental states and intention.  Genetic determinism is a flawed theory.

Factors like love and appreciation ( positive quantum nutients ) or anxiety and
anger ( negative QN ) also influence a person’s DNA blueprint program.

When we are stressed or negative, our biological energy reserves are diverted
from the important task of regenerating and repairing the body. We can
counteract cellular quantum nutrient deprivation by focusing on genuine states
of care, gratitude , appreciation and love.

********************************************************************************
MENTORING AT SEA-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




on board my ship i do HUMOR MANAGEMENT. it is the most powerful and effective
form of management. AND LAUGHING IS NO ENEMY TO LEARNING .

but i do retain the option to dart to IRON FISTED NO NONSENSE MANAGEMENT when
safety/ company image is at stake.

when a news reader on prime time tv says something controversial , questions
will be asked in the lok sabha the next day. however if he talks to a muppet he
can say the same thing and more and instead of getting crucified he gets
applauded.

by the way when i was on derailed sichem pearl i got one year of work done in 4
months. it could have been done only by humor management with some sailor
specific sex talk sprinkled in for good measure--- work gets converted to play.
half the time the crew is confused whether they are working hard or playing
hard.


here is my piece on ON BOARD MENTORING.

what is mentoring?

it is an inexpensive way to build up a high performance team on board , like a
formula one ferrari team. HIGH PERFORMANCE TEAMS DO NOT HAPPEN--THEY ARE BUILT.

difference between OBT and OBM:

the mentor retains a STRANGE CONTROL over the trainee even after the session is
over. for the trainer treats the mind as a vessel to be filled up, while the
mentor treats it as a STACK TO BE IGNITED. sceptics pl consider-- capt vadakayil
had mentored capt ajay prasad. does any body feel that he would not have joined
selandia/ fairchem colt as per my wishes because he would get two thousand
dollars more elsewhere. or capt sanjay mehta whom i had mentored will not jump
from copenhagen pool to singapore pool when ever i want him to? in short the obt
informs,--the obm INFLUENCES and MOTIVATES.

need for interaction:-- any idiot can evaluate knowledge by a written test.
evaluating attitudes need personal interaction. ATTITUDES are beliefs and
values. they are more sophisticated than skills and not easily influenced by a
mere trainer.

example of a mentor: the full bird colonel of rambo who keeps mouthing glib
patronising talk like " what are friends for?".


it is a skill in itself. 'glib patronising talk' usually created resentment if
the student is intelligent. the mentors personality is such that he gets the
team excited about waht they NEED to learn rather than what they WANT to learn.
he does not fight fire with fire.

qualifications of a mentor: he must be SEASONED, COMPASSIONATE , FAIR and have
character --only then he can be a role model. HIS STYLE MUST NOT BE DOMINATING
(that is why the master is a misfit , he can aleniate the trainee who feels
threatened ) but facilitating. there is no need to catch a cat by the tail in
order to know more about it---unless the cat is real bad (tee hee ! ) since
feedback is the fuel for improved performance, the mentor must be honest only to
the extent that his feedback cannot be destructive. negative feed back without
splitting hairs ,must not be untimely and unbalanced. negative feedback cant be
in public. the feedback game is like a game of billiards. let me not digress--

moving on-- the mentor MOULDS ATTITUDES and HONES COMMITMENT. an ordinary
teacher can address only knowledge and skills. he cannot CHANGE BEHAVIOR like a
mentor. greg chapell can be a good coach because he talks about mentoring. the
team must delight in the self improvement process. unless it is meaningful fun
doing all this , this process cannot work. he must get interested in the team
and in the process the team gets interested in him. he will address crewmembers
by their first names.

why on board? why not in the institute? like the universal water the mentor must
find the level of every member and float him up like how the panamax is floated
up in the canal ( tee heee ! ). this is called PITCHING AT THE RIGHT LEVEL. the
mentoring ENVIRONMENT is important. executive ship management has build a
stainless steel tank with a framo pump inside in their training institute
spending a fortune.

environment-- if the environment is not ok , the dialogue between minds cannot
happen. remember the mentor does not bid you to enter the glorious house of his
own wisdom--rather HE LEADS YOU TO THE THRESHOLD OF YOUR OWN MIND.(oops, have i
been too profound about mind exploration?) the mentor is a PROBER NOT AN
INTERROGATOR.

why stacks?-- the mentor must not waste too much on time on spent forces. my
chief engineer on sichem psv was a spent force. i stop short of calling him a
loser. wet stacks can be dried and ignited.

food for the soul-- the obm must identify people who do not take pride in their
work and encourage these misguided souls as long as they are not persistant
story tellers who want company policy change to suit their needs.

bottomline--

while getting off the ship the obm must have the satisfaction of knowing that he
has bridged the gap between what the team wants to learn and what they need to
know. he must have with him a list of the crew's future training needs . he
cannot get off with a conflict left to fester which he has not attempted to
diffuse. I WOULD CALL A MENTOR SUCCESSFUL ONLY IF HE HAS ESTABLISED A CULTURE
WHICH ENCOURAGES A CREW MEMBER TO STAY WITH THE COMPANY AND FLOURISH. he has
done a damn good job if he has identified people who have a sense on belonging.
for what is the use in sharing insight and experience with such driftwood.

######### MENTORING--- VIEWED INSIDE OUT

LAST TIME I GAVE A BIRDS EYE VIEW OF THE POND OF MENTORING. THIS TIME I AM
DIVING RIGHT IN.

--HERE I GO!!-YIPEEEEE!!!!

MID AIR LET ME DIGRESS— PEOPLE WHO GOT MENTORED BY CAPT VADAKAYIL WILL CRY---“HE
NEVER PRACTISED A DANG WORD OF ALL THIS”. I SHALL CONFIRM ---. YES THEY ARE
RIGHT . I NEVER FOLLOWED A WORD OF ALL THIS FOR I DID “SPONTANEOUS HUMOR
MENTORING”.

THERE IS NO CRASH COURSE TO THIS ART. IF YOU ARE NOT BORN WITH THIS ART YOU MUST
BE A LIVING LEGEND LIKE MARADONA TO IGNORE WHAT FOLLOWS.

DIGRESSION CODE TWO—I WILL DELIBERATELY LEAVE MY PROSE DISJOINTED AND UNEDITED.
THIS IS TO MAKE MY PIECE MORE POWERFUL.

SCEPTICS PL CONSIDER---WOULD ARUNDATHI ROY HAVE GOT THE BOOKER PRIZE FOR HER
NOVEL ‘ GOD OF SMALL THINGS’ IF SHE HAD NOT STREWN THE STORY AROUND IN BITS AND
PIECES FOR THE READER TO WEAVE-- AFTER READING IT AT LEAST TWICE?

Splaaaaashhhh!!

First let me swim around and locate TRUTHS etched on rock. ---


Humor is a state of mind which can appreciate the ludicrous or absurdly
incongruous. It instills a feeling of camaraderie. Human beings are by nature
playful creatures. Leaders who are open to humor become more human and
approachable. Only humor can save people who are on the brink of burnout.

Frivolousness or behaving like Mr.Super Dick (or prick for the matter) is just
not the humor I am referring to..


Productivity increases when commitment increases. Committed employees value
their existing work relationship so highly that they may even pass over another
job which pays 2000 usd more. Committed employees speak well about the company
to the seafaring community. Only people who are happy in their work can be
committed. A heightened atmosphere of general goodwill exists on such a ship..

When you trust people they trust you in return. When a high level of trust
exists sailors show very little concern about getting their share from a
relationship because they know for sure the other party will not take advantage
of them. People in low trust relationships are preoccupied with seeing that they
get their share of the relationship -- ( like high wages , new ships) and the
other party gets no more than a fair share.


Trust is fragile and can be destroyed in one single stroke. Trust is not being
gullible to believe bullshit or be treated like a mushroom ( always in the dark
and fed with lot of crap).

First loyalty is to yourself—this is the way human beings are made.

Employees have a right to be treated with courtesy and respect. Rewards have
little meaning if respect is missing. ( I learnt this in Zodiac-- the only thing
I learnt there other than sabbath) They have a right to expect the management to
care about their happiness and safety.

Sailors are proud to be part of an organization that show ethical consideration
for themselves and for society and even the environment (many superintendents
develop a nelsons eye when they see the merlin pipe used to pump ho sludge
overboard) . They get inspired to bond and commit to such an organisation.

Almost all new employees want to stay in an organization and do a good job.

Quality is a culture which must be built in –not inspected in semi annually.


Time is required to build skills necessary to meet quality standards. OBM cuts
down this time.

Trust goes out of the window when you ask for ideas and don’t follow up on them.
All that is required is to comment on unfeasible ideas. Or the next time you ask
for ideas they crew wont trust you enough to give you time of day.

Commitment to a common goal is the foundation of success. Commitment and loyalty
come from being included rather than excluded in decision making and information
sharing (sometimes the crew does not know where the ship is bound for—thus
starting the galley news bureau with the captains steward as the news reader).
Commitment to the company improves when employees are recogonised for their
contributions.


Negative attitudes are contagious.

The strongest drive in human nature is the desire to be appreciated.(don’t take
my word for granted and call an ugly girl, gorgeous, for she will haul you over
burning embers for sexual harassment ). If it is overdone with insincerity it
becomes patronizing.

Patronisers compliment people to serve themselves and does not care for the
dignity of others.. Loud praises of few people is bound to cause others to feel
left out and will cause resentment.


Praise seldom improves “performance” rather in some cases it impairs
performance. It may lead some duffers to believe that they are better than what
they are. So instead of praise try giving them feed back which encourages them.

Two of the most powerful motivators are survival and security. Criticism
threatens motivation.

Company seminars must not be used to pit workers against management. When
respectable top bosses are put in the witness box on the defensive—even after
the issues are settled , deep scars are left behind. Defensive blocking burns
energy needed for constructive action.

The quickest way to destroy trust is to jump all over somebody who is doing his
best.

Trust and delegation go hand in hand. This does not imply abdication or
dumping—for delegation is built on trust –not abandonment.( or even
micromanaging—hovering over. I did that on Sichem Pearl for 2 months ).


Departing employees take a great deal of knowledge with them. Losing good
employees has a domino effect.


Burned out employees make huge mistakes ---the intelligent ones just simply
quit. An unhappy ship leads to burnout. Vetting inspectors rarely punish a ship
where the crew morale is high and ships management radiates pride.

Ships are run by men not machines.

Creativity involves people talking together—even at coffee breaks.

Job satisfaction is a major factor for an employees decision to stay with or
leave the company. High turnover makes it difficult to build a chemical pool.

Communicating well is is one of the lowest cost but highest yielding things that
you can do to keep employee retention.

Where there is low commitment there exists a mentality of every man for himself.

Now let me define VISION. It is always seen when in ecstasy. It is a deep
optimistic expression of what is desired.



What vision should a standard company like TESMA hold for the future.— Let me
talk about the company ORGANISATION CHART.

When I was at the Japanese shipyard at Usuki I got familiar with the pyramid
structure. Fine—but the pyramid base consisted of morons who made stupid
mistakes. Another familiar structure is in the company manual consisting of many
boxes.

Ideally the chart for the future should look like the anatomy of the nervous
system of a human body. Sense organ messages from brain (or management) must be
sent to only that part of the body (or employees) best suited to handle the job
( or change ). Individual talent and synergy of teamwork is utilized.

THIS IS WHERE THE MENTORING ASPECT COMES IN. Mentoring helps build the network
and skills for such a proactively responsive organization. Mentoring is here to
stay and will be a way of life in the future.

TESMA Singapore can take the credit for being the pioneer and discoverer of the
term OBM . Mentoring must not be limited to ships , but should be a culture
ashore too. The company realizes that mentoring is not a luxury but a necessity.

Knowledge and skills of every employee is harnessed to get the cutting edge. OBM
will first be kick started on chemical tankers where know how has been scarce
and hard to acquire. It is common place for seasoned chemical men to hide and
hoard knowledge. They give fishes but don’t teach how to fish. The only reason
could be to be one up on the rest and wrest falthu respect.

Ever seen a derby race winner who as a colt was suppressed, disabled and
crushed?


Junior ranks must be empowered to discover their potential and play the best
game. The mentor must fill in the cracks of their vulnerabilities. The
environment has to be punishment free and congenial. It must be such that a
sailor can meet his needs while meeting the needs of the company.

Topnotch standards of performance need to be developed both personally and
professionally.

Performance failure must be viewed as a gap between what is needed and what id
produced. The OBM must describe and measure this gap. A mutual plan needs to be
developed for closing the gap.

Encourage employees to challenge the status quo. The OBM must convey companies
standards and procedures.

Mentoring is also cost effective training for training can be done when time
permits. Remember that ship runs round the clock. Audio visual aids are not
required for training will be on the spot and hands on.

At the end of a successful mentoring programme it will be in order for a
certificate of recognition to be issued to the mentee.

The image of the company should be such that employees want to remain with and
outsiders want to be hired to.

Involve employees into decisions and discussions about budgeting.

Lack of competence tears down the infrastructure.


SINCE OLD STYLE TRADITIONAL LOYALTY IS DEAD THE OBM HAS TO STRENGTHEN THE
EMOTIONAL CONNECTION BETWEEN SHIPSTAFF AND COMPANY.

WHAT MY VISION OF MENTORING IS NOT— When I was in a government public sector
company as a junior officer I noticed that anybody who made it had a mentor.
People in power cultivated protégés as pawns in a power struggle. They sponsored
their protégées advancement without regard to merit. They taught their protégées
tricks of the trade such as skills to sabotage their competitors rather than
develop their own talents. Such a person cannot be called a mentor.

A MENTOR CANNOT PLAY THE POWER GAME. The core value is not to have an alliance
rather it is solely to develop the mentee. It is not a personal chemistry
between 2 people or a training course. It is a deep trusting personal
relationship where a two way flow of respect and kindness happens. OBM is a
fresh set of eyes which see things differently.

A mentor must not inappropriately achieve a promotion for the mentee or advance
the mentees cause with his friends.

SO THEN WHAT IS THE MENTOR WE ARE TALKING ABOUT--- The mentor is not expected to
sponsor his protégée leading to favouristism , career climbing and internal
politics. The playing field cannot be tilted by a true mentor in favour of the
mentee. It is a one to one ,caring and helping relationship where the mentees
professional growth is enhanced to prepare him for top notch performance and it
rises above the mundane. If the mentee does not change for the better the
mentoring exercise has not taken off.


In the classic HOMER’S ODYSSEY when Odysseus –king of Ithaca leaves to fight in
the Trojan war he entrusts the care of his household to MENTOR (easy name eh?,
it could have been Balasubramaniamsivaramakrishnan –tee hee!! In which case the
title would have been OBB) who was the teacher of his son Telemachus.

In time the word mentor has become synonymous with trusted friend,advisor
,teacher and sage. Examples of mentors and mentee in history are that of
Socrates and Plato, Freud and Jung. Fagin of Oliver Twist who took homeless
children under his wing to pick pockets for his own financial gain is not a
mentor.

A modern living legend who is a stern taskmaster can mould his protégée to be a
winner. The crunch word is ‘care’. A mentor cares for the mentee. Mentor’s (of
odyssey fame) job was not just to raise Telemachus, but to but to develop him
for the responsibilities of a lifetime by touching every facet of his being. It
goes beyond counseling or obligatory relationships.

Intuition , feelings , hunches –all come to play in this intense long term
relationship. The mentor gives a chance to the mentee to vent his negative
feelings and get therapeutic relief.

You will appreciate in a ordinary training programme getting things off your
chest may cause you to be black balled or worse cause the trainer to go into a
deep sulk.

So what is the difference between a incompetent overbearing constantly nagging
captain and a true mentor. They are on opposite ends of the pole ( tee hee!!).


The mentor fills up performance gaps with information not nagging criticism. An
OBM is a catalyst of change and creates synergy in the work force by proactively
leading people to draw on their innate creative energy.

DO’S FOR A OBM: Identify things that do not meet your company standards. See if
things can be done in a better way.

Give insight to company culture, appropriate attitudes and special relevant
insider knowledge that is not written anywhere.

Focus on career plans and open new vistas for the mentee

Go that extra mile in discovering needs and fulfilling only those needs.

Counseling that stretch the mentee must include personal experienced gleaned and
distilled from past quality experience. All coaching must be consistent with
organizational needs and values.

Discuss stress management techniques on chemical tankers.

Hone win win negotiating and trust building skills.


Strengthen communicating skills, team building skills and skills to bring people
to consensus.

Identify personal negative habits and reduce them.

Build assertive skills ( not aggressive skills )and conflict resolution skills.

Show how to manage time productively by multitasking.

Build on positive thinking and optimism.

Create an atmosphere of trust.

Ensure the OBM programme is a loose structure and flexible to meet the mentees
needs.

Focus on positive results of a transaction and encourage constructive
imagination.

Allow mentee to unload their troubles to get emotional release.

Look out for creative ideas to improve the system.

Discuss values and priorities.

Create a focus for creative energy by setting short term goals.

Observe employees while on the job.

Establish time frames for corrective action.

Respond to complaints quickly. Your door must be always open .( this is not like
holding a chair on top of your head when told to take a chair --Tee hee !!)

Focus on efforts and contributions rather than accomplishments.

Eliminate barriers which prevent employees from unleashing their talents.

DON’T’S FOR THE OBM: Don’t argue. Usually people argue without listening. They
will only listen to gather information to reinforce their own arguments.

Don’t expect instant change. Quick changes can be stressful and overwhelming.
Remember you are there as an OBM to build a quality culture brick by brick.

Don’t lower the mentees self esteem by threatening him to adopt new ways.

There is no need to push a reluctant soul too hard.

Don’t take over a problem unless there is an imminent safety , pollution,
company image crisis. Rescuing a mentee from mundane matters is not likely to
help him in the long run.

Don’t make any promises you cant keep. Don’t over promise and underdeliver.

Don’t encourage bickering or bitching.


Don’t show favouritism. It can tear apart the work force.

Don’t give negative feedback at the wrong time. Wrong time is not the time for a
2 way conversation.

Don’t hold sessions disrespecting peoples time.

Don’t win battles at the expense of losing the war.

Don’t allow a insulting berating culture on board.

Don’t compliment Dilton for his muscles and Big Moose for his brains (duh!).



Don’t produce your clone even if you are god’s gift to shipping and this
planet..

RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN MENTOR AND MENTEE: The mentee must feel comfortable with
the mentor. Only then he will be willing to trust and open up the doors of his
mind to receive solutions.

Like a psychiatrist’s professional code, negative things volunteered by the
mentee must strictly remain with the mentor. This is why the mentor must have
character.

Once a relationship is set up it can be carried on by email or telephone.

For such a trusting relationship the key words are –encourage, help, listen,
fair, caring, friendly, tolerant.etc.

Share thoughts and act spontaneously.

Treat the mentee as an individual. Call yourself I --not WE as many
superintendents do from their first day in office to rub in the fact that he is
now the almighty company and dispenser of your destiny.

If you are a seasoned guy, make sure you reduce the awe factor by being
friendly.

The mentee must feel that you derive pleasure by helping him succeed and you
want only good things to happen to him.

If the mentor does not have an emotional attachment to his team all his
techniques and smartness is of zilch use.

A mentor broadens the horizons of the mentee.


TIPS FOR ASPIRING OBMS:

Give right help at the right time.

Enable the mentee to solve his own problems.

You must be a volunteer (make sure you get paid too ) to this job—only then can
you enjoy it. Before you volunteer ask yourself ” Am I a mature intelligent and
qualified individual for this abstract job?”.

On an abstract mission things left unsaid usually speak more than what is said.
Your commitment must be 100%. Your antenna must be tuned for reception. You must
have a willingness to pause and listen. Do you have a freely giving nature or is
your nature such that you give only when you get ‘fayada’ out of it. Can you
stretch yourself to make a positive difference in the life of others?

Since this process is genuine , do not hesitate to terminate a mentoring
relationship any time without assigning reasons. Remember you are a commitment
building manager.

Spontaneous off the cuff interventions while on the spot provide memorable and
lasting learning experience.

Feel for yourself if the work place gives nourishment to the soul and there is
quality of life .

You must do constant self improvement. Spent forces and deadwood will not get a
calling card with QM printed on it.

You must know the ropes of body language. Only then you can forecast that
something is amiss.


Be aware that cultural differences complicate your task. Remember the coaching
is OJT ( read that as on the job training )

When you get off the ship you must have done at least one thing to improve the
happiness of crew on board. Even a simple thing like you were instrumental in
getting a tt table or bad airconditioning repaired or procuring ergonomically
friendly mattresses.

MENTAL SHACKLES

People resist change only if they see no gain from it. They see only
inconvenience and more inconvenience. Mentoring cannot be forced. It is like
magic—something like a religious conversion. ( not the type Dharmendra had to
marry Hema Malini—tee hee!!)

ALSO ON THE UNSEEN AGENDA

Seek out individuals who are versatile, adaptable ( even to unfamiliar cultures
) and quick minded. Who are the guys who caught on right away?. Who are the
marathon men? People who have energy ,vitality and enthusiasm pursue goals
passionately. Energy included physical endurance and mental vigor.


Tap the talent of excelsior guys.

Maximize the strengths of the company and minimize the weaknesses. Evaluation is
an integral part of the job. Even evaluating if it was a happy ship, whether the
employees are upbeat, whether there is any discrimination.

For evaluating the officers—key words are—action oriented, approachable,
patient, time manager, courage, endurance, innovation, integrity, vitality,
vision, honesty, accountability, decisive, effective, ethical, setting
priorities, multitasking , self starting etc.

Who are the guys who walk on deck with a sense of purpose. A committed man
rarely saunters around like a pregnant duck.

Celebrations and parties on board are an extension of fun.

TRICKS:

To probe you need to ask open ended questions which cannot be answered with a
terse yes or no. This is important to facilitate a meaningful discussion. A
closed question terminates a conversation as soon as it is started . ( is beer a
conversation opener? )

Virtually everyone has an emotional reaction (positive or negative )to certain
trigger words. ‘psychological deaf spots’ often trigger an emotion reaction. (
better stick to the beer to open up the door of the mind --eh?)

Find common ground.

View the whole crew as the orchestra band with the master as the conductor. Is
the music pleasant to the ears. Whose guitar has to be restringed or violen
tuned? Who are the pretenders who are screwing up the divine melody and giving
music a bad name..

The capacity to detect emotions and feelings and to respond appropriately ia a
critical art of mentoring. Since feelings motivate people to do or undo things
overlooking them or insensitiveness can severely limit the mentors
effectiveness.

Respect independence. Offer not push. Stick to helping not interfering.

Practice the art of inclusion to build a stronger team.

Understand that hierarchy is not simply a matter of rank or placing people on an
organizational ladder. There are more profound and powerful hierarchies of
competence, knowledge, seniority, talent, strength, intelligence, experience,
influence , abstractions (ethics , loyalty , honor ,respect etc )etc. Don’t
attempt to wish away this truth and learn things the hard way..

Even unpopular decisions are more easily accepted it they make good sense.

Maintain your sense of humor. Fun activity should never be to embarrass .


Don’t give quick fix decisions. Rather thank the guy for bringing it to the
company’s notice.

Support and enable rather than restrict and oversee.

Ask questions to understand –not to challenge. Since you are not in the chain of
command you can ask not tell.

Different people have different styles. Be sensitive to such differences.

Communicate, be patient, be passionate about the success of every mentee.

Understand what is the meaning of win win solutions.

Listen for absolutes like never , every time etc.

MISFIT OBM:

The master is usually a misfit for OBM for when the going gets rough he is more
interested in saving his own backside than the mentee’s. Remember mentoring is
an informal relationship outside the chain of command. Rank blinds us to the
more subtle relationship required for mentoring. Also anxiety about performance
evaluation stunts.

CHEMICAL ENVIRONMENT:

Here the crew does more with less under stifling conditions.

Many struggle with a feeling of overload. If they are uncertain about their
futures crew will keep a low profile and constantly look over their shoulders.

Burnouts are common place. Micromanaging is undesirable on chemical tankers
unless the crew are all green horns and pretenders.

Seagull managing is also not desirable—fly in, bitch at all quack quack, crap of
every body’s heads and fly out.


THERE IS A REAL NEED FOR OBM ON CHEMICAL TANKERS WHERE CREW ARE CREATING THEIR
OWN CAREER PATHS AND USING JOB HOPPING AS A SURE ROUTE TO PROFESSIONAL SUCCESS..

BOTTOM LINE: A teacher says “ see you later” A OBM says “ keep in touch “

--- Don’t burn ze bridges.
********************************************************************************
NARUTO ECLIPSES HARRY POTTER -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL










NARUTO ECLIPSES HARRY POTTER— AJIT VADAKAYIL

My 15 year old son came back after his last 10th standards CBSE exams, kicked
off his shoes and was on the computer from 1300 to next day 0400 hrs. He was in
excited conference with his friends on the phone all the time.

He was totally immersed in a Japanese anime superhero series by the name of
NARUTO.

Totally puzzled, having come back home on leave, I asked my wife what the hell
is happening.

My wife told me that some of the office mates of my 24 year elder son ( computer
engineer ) are also crazy for Naruto in a similar manner.

I did some research of my own .

Well , JK Rowling might be the first billionaire author ( Harry Potter for
family and kids with shallow characters ) and may have created media hype in the
western world , by micro managed hijackings of Potter book laden trucks . And
she may have sold 420 million books--

But the Potter series with wizards and witches and wands , has no imagination,
vision and depth.

The creator of manga series Naruto-- Japanese Mashashi Kishimoto beats her
hollow with a anime series with abundant action, romance and drama.

Naruto is for the thinking type teens . Instead of witches and wands there are
Ninjas and Shinobis.

It has a expansive cast of characters that grow and change over time. Both
heroes and villains have their limitations and signature moves. Their battles
and powers are creative.

There are no slow spots with unpredictable twists and turns and finger chewing
suspense. Side stories are well woven to the main plot of ninja Naruto’s quest
for honour..

My 15 year old son,  creates his own sub plots of Naruto , on the internet --
and he has his own world wide fan club who hangs on to very word of his-- and
goes GA GA in their daily feedback-- .




By the way, Druhyus from the Saraswati river banks ( Vedic civilization 9000 BC
to 4000 BC ) migrated North when the river dried up due to a tectonic shift
blocking the glacial mouth at the Himalayas. These are the Druids of Harry
Potter.  They are Aryan Indians .

********************************************************************************
ABBA REVIVAL - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


IPL3 had a band by the name of ABBA REVIVAL playing at the opening ceremony.

The young gruesome foursome looked like the original ( who are now in their
sixties ) , showed hyper energy-

- but they had zilch magic.

All the audience were in a time warp-- they thought it was the real thing--

ABBA was a band formed in 1972 by Frida ( brunette --Anni-Frid Lyngstad) , Anna
( blondie- Agnetha Fältskog ) , Benny ( bearded on keyboard --Benny Andersson )
and Bjorn ( guitarist -- Björn Ulvaeus ). They were married couples . I had seen
them live in Australia in 1976.

ABBA is the 2nd best selling band in history. They made the best music ever on
this planet for 10 years . There can never be another ABBA— this young and
exuberant band ruled the world stage from 1972 to 1982 .

The English speaking countries lost their vice grip on English pop music. ABBA
was 35 weeks on Britain's charts, a feat which can never be beaten.



The platinum haired Swedish blondie Anna (Agnetha Faltskog), with her gap
toothed smile was my favorite --



for she had the ONE IN A BILLION rich high pitched voice. ( not like the
pathetic THIN voice of our Lata Mangeshkar who can never be popular in any other
country except India ). Her voice would ride above and captivate the audience.


Millions of men were in love with this graceful lady.


In 1979 Anna and Bjorn got divorced. The gorgeous blondie Anna was emotionally
mangled by the split, as Bjorn took in another woman within a week. She aged
overnight , cut her long hair and lost her smile. The other 3 used her emotions
to record hits sung by simple Anna herself like-- THE WINNER TAKES IT ALL and
ONE OF US IS CRYING.




The Winner Takes It All######

Back to Top I don't wanna talk About the things we've gone through Though it's
hurting me Now it's history I've played all my cards And that's what you've done
too Nothing more to say No more ace to play The winner takes it all The loser
standing small Beside the victory That's her destiny I was in your arms Thinking
I belonged there I figured it made sense Building me a fence Building me a home
Thinking I'd be strong there But I was a fool Playing by the rules The gods may
throw a dice Their minds as cold as ice And someone way down here Loses someone
dear The winner takes it all The loser has to fall It's simple and it's plain
Why should I complain. But tell me does she kiss Like I used to kiss you? Does
it feel the same When she calls your name? Somewhere deep inside You must know I
miss you But what can I say Rules must be obeyed The judges will decide The
likes of me abide Spectators of the show Always staying low The game is on again
A lover or a friend A big thing or a small The winner takes it all I don't wanna
talk If it makes you feel sad And I understand You've come to shake my hand I
apologize If it makes you feel bad Seeing me so tense No self-confidence But you
see The winner takes it all The winner takes it all...





One Of Us##########

They passed me by, all of those great romances You were, I felt, robbing me of
my rightful chances My picture clear, everything seemed so easy And so I dealt
you the blow One of us had to go Now it's different, I want you to know One of
us is crying One of us is lying In her lonely bed Staring at the ceiling Wishing
she was somewhere else instead One of us is lonely One of us is only Waiting for
a call Sorry for herself, feeling stupid feeling small Wishing she had never
left at all I saw myself as a concealed attraction I felt you kept me away from
the heat and the action Just like a child, stubborn and misconceiving That's how
I started the show One of us had to go Now I've changed and I want you to know
One of us is crying One of us is lying In her lonely bed Staring at the ceiling
Wishing she was somewhere else instead One of us is lonely One of us is only
Waiting for a call Sorry for herself, feeling stupid feeling small Wishing she
had never left at all Never left at all Staring at the ceiling Wishing she was
somewhere else instead One of us is lonely One of us is only Waiting for a call
(fade)

The JOY of ABBA suddenly vanished with such painful emotional songs and the band
broke up in 1982 after recording " The Visitors" . Brunette Frida and bearded
Benny got divorced in 1981.

In 2000 ABBA turned down an offer of 1 billion US dollars for a reunion tour.
The blondie did not have the emotional strength and was just not willing for
healed wounds to be reopened -- and further heartache.

When you get a chance listen carefully to these 2 ABBA songs , and feel the
inherent emotions.

I do hope two look alike bumpkins are NOT called on a football field for a world
cup opening ceremony--  and termed MARADONA and PELE  "revival" .
********************************************************************************
ON THE TRAIL OF TRUTH -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Ancient Indian  - Metaphysics ,   Dielectics ,   Epistemology ,  Empiricism



A ship captains job ( who must be the jack of all trades ) offers plenty on a
emotional , spiritual and mental level.

The human mind has inherent weaknesses. It can be raped at will by people who
know how to do it.



A quarter century ago, I had walked into a captains cabin to take over command
of the ship.  The outgoing master was in animated conference with the bosun and
the ships laundryman.  From the laundryman’s “ I don’t give a damn “ , body
language I could see that he that he was on the warpath.

Both sailors were sent away and we settled down to the formal process of handing
/ taking over command. I could see that the outgoing captain could not harness
his mind to the job—his mind was chattering . So I asked him, what transpired
with the laundryman.

To cut a long story short, the laundryman had refused to do a particular job. He
was right, and he had a point. For he was employed to wash stewards uniforms (
white tunics and pants ) – not civilian clothes. At the same time the stewards
had a point, as they had won civilian clothes on duty due to water rationing at
a long anchorage.

I told the captain “ you just call him back and I will make him agree to what he
refused to do , just a few minutes ago— even if he was sacked or his knee caps
were broken”.

I then took a A4 size paper and wrote down 10 questions , whose answers required
the answer YES. The last and 10th question would be “ are you willing to wash
the clothes , you refused to wash” .

The captain was clean bowled.

Here was a guy telling that he could do the impossible. He wanted to see the
questionnaire , and I gave it to him. All I wanted him to do was sit in the
bedroom behind the curtains and hear the proceedings—to check if I followed the
script.

So pretty soon the bosun and laundryman were called back.

I shot off the first question, after introducing myself as the new captain.

1)Are you the laundryman ?—YES 2)Is you name Mr so and so? – YES 3)You have come
to the ship to earn money for your family?—YES 4)You have refused to wash the
stewards civilian clothes?—YES ( he started to give an explanation –I stopped
him by raising my hand ) 5)These civilian clothes were worn during water
rationing –YES 6th to 9th is classified-

10TH QUESTION — SO WILL YOU WASH THE CLOTHES NOW , SO THAT I DON’T HAVE TO SEND
YOU HOME –  “YES SIR!”


The average human mind is not programmed or intelligent enough  to open its
doors wide and then suddenly slam shut.


If you can indeed slam it shut and give NO answer after 9 consecutive YES
answers –then you are a super genius—like the legendary James Bond.



By the way if you put 3 of the best geniuses in the world along with 007 in the
4 corners of a room, tell them that there will be an explosion within 30
seconds—and they MUST find a way out of the room—we all know who will escape in
a jiffy.

Let me talk about mind sciences -- Metaphysics, Dielectics and Epistemology

Epistemologists are free.


They are philosophers whose theories deal with puzzles about the source, nature,
foundation, scope, validity and limits of human knowledge. Computers will never
be more than tools employed by the human intelligence to aid its own thinking.



Patton had famously said “ If all are thinking the same, then someone aint
thinkin’ !”.


Individuals think better than groups. Human minds with imagination and superior
subconscious pattern recognition can interpret things better.



Metaphysics  means “what comes after physics”.  Its object is to determine the
real nature of things—to determine the meaning, structure, and principles of
whatever is insofar as it is-- with reality as a whole.


It is a call to recognize the existence and overwhelming importance of a set of
higher realities that ordinary men could not deduce.

 


Metaphysics is the science of ultimate reality , as opposed to appearance or the
contrast between appearance and reality . A cloud appears to consist of some
white, fleecy substance, although in reality it is a concentration of drops of
water.



It is the study and science of first principles or ultimate irrefutable truths.
the two descriptions of the subject would thus be two sides of a single coin..
it. Scientific theories can be brought to the test of experience, whereas
metaphysical theories cannot.







Metaphysician is a sort of super scientist, unlimited in his curiosity and
gifted with a capacity for putting together other people's findings with a skill
and imagination that none of them individually commands.  He can refute by
debate, through a method for systematic evaluation of definitions.



Quantum physics , is a branch of physics providing a mathematical description of
much of the dual particle-like and wave-like behavior and interactions of energy
and matter. It departs from classical mechanics primarily at the atomic and
subatomic scales, the so-called quantum realm.

In advanced topics of quantum mechanics, some of these behaviors are macroscopic
and only emerge at very low or very high energies or temperatures.




Dialectic, in philosophy, method of investigating the nature of truth by the
criticism of initial concepts and hypotheses.

The ancient Indian Vedic dialectic is based on a dialogue between two or more
people who may hold differing views, yet wish to pursue truth by seeking
agreement with one another.


 


This is in contrast to debate, in which two or more people hold differing views
and wish to persuade or prove one another wrong (and thus a jury or judge is
needed to decide the matter), or rhetoric, which is a relatively long oration
conducted by a single person.



Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Heraclitus ( 535 BC-- 475 BC),  Socrates ( 469
BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (427 BC to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India .   One of
the much hyped up western thinkers German Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770
-1831 AD)  lifted from ancient Indian concepts without any understanding of the
spiritual thought procedures.

Empiricism, is  a doctrine that affirms that all ideas and knowledge are a
posteriori, that is, derived from and based on experience, and denies that they
can ever be a priori, that is, discoverable without having to rely on the
senses.



Laws that express  relationships between phenomena, without making any claims
about the underlying causes of the phenomena, are called empirical laws.  The
meaning of the term experience is generally limited to the impressions and
sensations received by the senses.

Thus, knowledge is the information apprehended by the five sense modalities—
hearing, seeing, touching, tasting, and smelling. Such knowledge is always about
matters of fact, about what one can see, touch, hear, taste, or smell.




For strict empiricists this definition has the implication that the human mind
is passive—it is an organ that receives impressions and more or less records
them as they are.

Empiricism then, in the philosophy of science, emphasizes those aspects of
scientific knowledge that are closely related to evidence, especially as
discovered in experiments.

It is a fundamental part of the scientific method that all hypotheses and
theories must be tested against observations of the natural world, rather than
resting solely on a priori reasoning, intuition, or revelation. Hence, science
is considered to be methodologically empirical in nature.



Pseudophone, an instrument made of two ear trumpets, one leading from the right
side of the head to the left ear and the other vice versa. This created the
illusory impression of reversed localization of sound. While walking along the
street wearing the pseudophone he would hear footsteps to his right when they
actually came from the left. If you put this on your pet cat—it upsets its
natural instincts.


Rainbows result from refraction. Mirage , the vision of a pool of water is
created by light passing the layers of hot air above the heated surface of a
highway.  Under unusual conditions, more elaborate mirages appear as UFOs'.


Sudden temperature contrasts can play tricks on the senses. If hot water is run
over one hand, and cold water over the other long enough for both to adjust to
the temperatures and both are then plunged into lukewarm water, the resulting
sensation will be that the cold hand will feel warm and the hot, cold.

It would seem that in plunging the cold-adapted hand, nerve cells for perceiving
cold were suddenly inhibited and those for perceiving hot were suddenly
stimulated, while in the hot-adapted hand the reverse took place.



In most Indian movie halls they put AC at high setting when you enter and when
you are about to leave. This gives the impression that the cinema runs good AC
and value for your money.

Smell (olfactory) discrimination is influenced by any odour to which the
olfactory structures already have adapted. Receptors in the nose, however, adapt
quickly and cease to respond to a particular stimulus producing so-called
olfactory fatigue.

Thus, an odour that is strong at first will gradually become imperceptible, as
happens when one becomes unaware of the smell of his own BO. There may also be
present the phenomenon of masking, this is a decrease in sensitivity to one
odour after exposure to another (for example, a strong- smelling disinfectant).

When you go to a perfume shop—before you make a final choice and  buy a perfume,
reset your olfactory senses by smelling on coffee beans . Or you may well be
buying a bad overpriced perfume. The perfume saleswomen , who get private
commissions , are good in getting rid of such stuff to naive customers.


The human ear typically serves to distinguish between about 1,500 levels of
pitch. Are you not able to ping the voice on the other side of the phone?.   The
number of discriminable tones is in the hundred thousands.

When two sounds are heard in close succession (time error once more) the
intensity or loudness of the second is judged by comparing it with the first,
and is relative. Thus, a murmur may sound loud when compared to a whisper, or a
“deafening” noise may make all other sounds inaudible.


The hum of an electric fan may help to diffuse the street noises of traffic and
thus improve the discrimination of TV sounds in the room. Folks living at busy
streets , unable to study , sleep or watch TV must try this out.

Synesthesia may be induced with drugs, Hearing, sight, smell, taste, and touch
are regarded as the classical five senses. Touch has a multiplicity of
subdivisions, including the senses of pressure, heat, cold, and pain. Scientists
have determined the existence of as many as 15 additional senses.

Sense organs buried deep in the tissues of muscles, tendons, and joints, for
example, give rise to sensations of weight, position of the body, and amount of
bending of the various joints; these organs are called proprioceptors.



Within the semicircular canal of the ear is the organ of equilibrium, concerned
with the sense of balance. General senses, which produce information concerning
bodily needs (hunger, thirst, fatigue, and pain), are also recognized.



Stimulation through one sense may enhance the function of another. Seeing a
merry go round  may activate the sense of balance in an observer to the point at
which it causes seasickness.  A picture of appetizing food may evoke sensations
of taste and smell.

 ( ever notice this?  when you see shit, biological reflex is to salivate,
 ( social reflex is to spit. )

The surgeon general has ordered that repulsive mouth cancer pictures must be
printed on cigarette packs to discourage your from smoking.



Sensory rivalry, is when one stimulus inhibits the perception of another.. In a
similar way, some dentists use auditory analgesia (a “masking” of pain by sound)
. Most Tatoo parlours use music to mask the pain.

Emotions or strong expectations frequently cause illusional misperceptions in
everyday life. The hostile listener hears someone say “wire” and thinks he is
being called a “liar”; The self- consciously obese girl misinterprets the word
“fate” as “weight.”
********************************************************************************
CORE VALUES , EXEMPLARY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL








ETHICS, INNOVATION, TEAM DYNAMICS, COMPASSION-- ideal core values.



Play the video above while you read this post. (Remember INTEGRITY is more than
a core value --as it guarantees other values.)

Our company values are like fingerprints, we leave them all over everything we
do.

As is inherent in our company symbol, our core values obviously are --

1) High ethics.

Welcome to the high moral ground where committing a felony even to support the
company is not a career move .

We rely on own merit to push a case, not blatant use of personal charm as a way
to wheel and deal. Our company has a conscience . Our clean reputation and
absence of deception is our biggest intangible asset which is reflected in our
brand equity and not on our balance sheet.

Our ethics are not abstract notions , but practical guides to employees on how
to feel, act and behave. Ethical behavior is a habit in our company , not an
act. All employees are part of the ethical fabric .

We have a DEO ( designated ethics officer ) cum mentor to get this core value
into the blood stream of the company , to oversee compliance , provide a frame
work of conduct and to provide support to an employee who wants to do the right
thing.

Our ethics champion is no lesser than the MD himself , with a moral barometer
and an ethics radar to do ethical climate assessment. There exists a strong
belief that it is acceptable to deliver bad news to the company or raise
personal concerns.

Our mature ethics programmes have reduced voluminous codes of conduct to just a
few sub core values like fairness, integrity, transparency, respect , tolerance
for culture, responsibility , spirit of inclusion etc. Seminars are used to
clarify ethics values , as sustaining an ethical culture is a continuous process
without a finish line.

We trust our employees to do the right thing when confronted with a situation
that provides no easy answers. We don’t have yes-men who will not tell the truth
to safeguard their jobs. We temper all technical judgments by the need to
support and maintain human values.

We honour our contracts and don’t cut corners. We do not allow conflicts of
interest, which provide a competitive advantage to one client over another. We
respect the intellectual property rights of our clients, and guard them
zealously.

We do not advertise ourselves or our services in a deceptive manner, and will
not misrepresent or allow the misrepresentation of the services by affiliates,
associates, contractors, employees, partners and vendors.

We do not promote our own interest at the expense of the dignity of the marine
profession. We obey the law in both letter and spirit. We maintain a safe and
healthy working environment.

We do not encourage nepotism, fully aware that blood is a poor substitute for
competence.

########## 2) Innovation

There is something about innovation that quickens our collective hearts. We
recognize there is no such thing as instant innovation. The farmer must invest
in the soil before he reaps a rich harvest. We nurture a climate where
innovation happens.

Innovation at our neck of the woods is evolutionary not a revolutionary panic
response to change . To innovate is not to reform, but to bring useful change.
Changes need not be innovations but innovations are changes. Application of
creativity is innovation.

We recognize that bureaucracy kills creativity. We encourage our people to use
their imagination , listen to their their inner voice and use all their six
senses to check assumptions and apply their creativity. We encourage creative
dissent and we protect human feelings.

We brainstorm often to get feedback. We have a commitment not to allow our
policies , procedures and rituals to get in the way of innovation. We can sense
the drift of change and ensure that we are aligned to it in advance as surely as
a ship enters a narrow channel. We take change by hand before it takes us by the
throat. We give recognition to creative thinkers and innovative doers .

We don’t try to get our creative wild geese to fly in military formation. We
recruit people who have the seeds of the future within them. Innovate or die—is
our slogan .

Our organisational gatekeepers frame the environment that enables innovation,
however innovation is enacted – recognised, developed, applied and adopted –
through individual employees..

########## 3) Dynamics

We have reinvented team dynamics . Our team is a dynamic whole based on
interdependence rather than on similarity or cloning. Our team acts in unity ,
almost like a single living organism, that requires to be nurtured to maintain
its growth. We understand team chemistry—the natural forces at play, to
determine whether they are acting for ill or good and can make timely
interventions to make the dynamics positive.

Our people are harmonious team players and there is a natural force of inclusion
which results in transparent communications. They inspire the highest level of
commitment from each other. Everyone is accountable to one another. They share
similar values, attitudes, ideals and goals .

Proper team dynamics ensures extraordinary results .Team dynamics consists of
critical areas such as personal abilities, educational backgrounds, life
experiences and personality compatibility of each exclusive teammate .

Our HR department does TDP ( Team Dynamics Profiling ) to give us concrete
indications on how the team will bond, interact and ultimately perform. Our
seminars are basically team retreats where we enjoy our team rituals, chants and
gleeful routines.

We encourage each person in the team to give both positive and negative
feedback. We choose team players who will complement each other, rather than
exclude each other, no matter what superstars they are.

What we require is not well balanced individuals, rather individuals who balance
well with each other . We devise strategies so that team players can feed off
each other rather than cancelling out each other. Thus we remain united in our
pursuit of our goals, resistant to disruptive forces.

Our inspirational team leadership uses emotional impact. We afford an
inspirational environment to our high performance teams . Communications in our
Company is a group process, and mutual trust and respect are maintained in order
to keep the channels open. No body's perfect , but we believe that our team is.

Our team can produce a quality and quantity of work far higher than the sum of
what the separate members could have ever produced on their own. Collective
synergy of experience and expertise, accented with harmony, loyalty and
camaraderie is indisputably our core asset.

######## 4) Compassion

We respect and appreciate culture in terms of itself. We are sensitive to
cultural nuances . We listen and we respect local values . We think globally,
but act locally. We understand that culture has a life of its own and is
stronger than life and triumphs over death. We believe human beings have
feelings unlike machines.

Our human resources are not mere dehumanized code numbers or cheap labour to be
exploited, thereby breeding indifference. They are our biggest assets. We
recognize that people are not things and they need to be led and motivated
rather than being managed.. When people do their jobs we get out of their way.

We recognise that our employees are bread winners at home. Our company can grow
only if our employees grow. We run a innovative organization which relies more
upon shared ethos, than adherence to hard written rules. We have people feel and
our HR dept knows how to monitor the pulse of our employees.

If at all we criticize we do so in a constructive manner. We do not manipulate
by unfair or insidious means. We assure the psychological, safety and social
needs of our staff. No wonder our staff is eager to walk that extra mile to get
things right— the XXXXX way.

These core values represent our brand promise.




COMMENTS:

I have worked for a lot of ignorant companies, who confuse goals with values.
Their collective noses are stuck forever in a knothole. They get their knickers
in a twist when they are reminded that --

"A goal is something you intend to accomplish. A value is something you believe
"in

It is better to keep away from such immature rubbish.
********************************************************************************
TEAM WORK , TEAM DYNAMICS-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

TEAM DYNAMICS FOR MERCHANT SHIPS AND SHORE OFFICES







DYNAMICS IS A CORE VALUE ON CHEMICAL TANKERS AND MERCHANT SHIPS . Proper team
dynamics ensures extraordinary results .

BLUE OCEAN LEADERSHIP IS INSPIRATIONAL, HONOURABLE AND CONSISTENT, SANS
HYPOCRISY. A GROUP OF PEOPLE , DOES NOT A TEAM MAKE

A team must be dynamic whole based on interdependence rather than on similarity
or cloning.



The must act in unity , almost like a single living organism, that requires to
be nurtured to maintain its growth.

Understand team chemistry—the natural forces at play, to determine whether they
are acting for ill or good and make timely interventions to make the dynamics
positive.

Employees must be harmonious team players and there must exist a natural force
of inclusion which results in transparent communications. They must inspire the
highest level of commitment from each other. Everyone must be accountable to one
another. They must share similar values, attitudes, ideals and goals .



RITD — MEANS “ RE-INVENTING TEAM DYNAMICS “ .

These are actual “ agent provocateur” signature logos I used as a email footer
on my last ship , in official correspondence.

I change logos every 24 hours.

I gave mental orgasms to many , day after day.



RITD-- WHERE OPEN MINDED SPIRIT RULES , NOT DEFENSIVE EGOS

RITD—WHERE YOU MUST FACE MEDIOCRITY WITH A HELPING HAND

RITD—WHERE COMPLIANCE COMES FROM COMMITMENT— NOT SUBMISSION

RITD—WHERE LEADERSHIP IS INSPIRATIONAL AND MORAL

RITD—WHERE THERE ARE NO ONE TRICK PONIES

RITD – WHERE DEBRIEFING IS PARAMOUNT FOR INNOVATION AND GROWTH

RITD—WHERE VISION AND TALENT CAPITULATES TO HEART AND SOUL

RITD—WHERE LEADERSHIP IS OF SPIRIT — NOT OF MIND

RITD—WHERE HOPE – THE OXYGEN FOR HUMAN SPIRIT IS IN ABUNDANCE

RITD—WHERE HARD LABOUR IS MOSTLY SELF IMPOSED AND THE HARDEST TASKMASTER IS OWN
CONSCIENCE

RITD—WHERE WHAT IS REQUIRED IS DONE— NOT THE MOST

RITD—WHERE SEEDS OF HOPE ARE SOWN IN THE HEART AND REAPED IN THE MIND

RITD— WHERE TEAMWORK IS NOT CALLED FOR ,TO ORDER A PIZZA

RITD—WHERE ALL LIVE IN THE MOMENT— NOT STUCK IN THE MOMENT

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE MASTERS OF WILL AND SLAVES OF CONSCIENCE

RITD— WHERE ALL BELIEVE IN CAUSE AND EFFECT

RITD—WHERE WORST DECISION IS NO DECISION

RITD –WHERE NOBODY SWEATS THE SMALL STUFF

RITD—WHERE SAILS ARE ADJUSTED INSTEAD OF LABOURING TO CHANGE THE WIND

RITD—WHERE GOOD AINT GOOD WHEN BETTER IS EXPECTED

RITD—WHERE THE MOST IMPORTANT MAN IS THE ONE WHO KNOWS WHAT TO DO NEXT

RITD—WHERE THE BIG PICTURE IS NEVER LOST AND THERE IS A SHIFT FROM MICROSCOPE TO
TELESCOPE OFTEN

RITD—WHERE INTEGRITY IS A SUPER CORE VALUE, FOR IT GUARANTEES OTHER CORE VALUES

RITD—WHERE ALL DO MORE THAN WHAT THEY ARE PAID FOR

RITD---WHERE MEN ARE LEAD AND INVENTORIES ARE MANAGED

RITD-- WHERE TYPHOONS TURN INTO TAILWINDS

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE DEVOTED TO EXCELLENCE

RITD—WHERE GRACE UNDER PRESSURE IS A MUST

RITD—WHERE IT NEVER HURTS TO ASK

RITD—WHERE GOALS BREED FOCUS

RITD—WHERE THINGS GET MEASURED TO BE IMPROVED

RITD—WHERE ENERGY CANNOT BE BURNT TO SUSTAIN EGO

RITD—WHERE EGO MUST BE SACRIFICED TO COEXIST WITH ENTHUSIASM

RITD—WHERE THE UNENFORCEABLE IS OBEYED TOO

RITD—WHERE ALL CARE FOR WHAT OUGHT TO BE , JUST THE LAW OF WHAT MUST BE

RITD—WHERE NOBODY CARES FOR CHESSBOARD LOGIC

RITD—WHERE THE MATRIX LIES SHATTERED AND ALL THINK FREE

RITD—WHERE CLIQUES AND INNER SANCTUMS DON’T EXIST

RITD --WHERE NO BLIND SPOTS AND SHADOW SECTORS EXIST

RITD—WHERE EXISTS A HIGH PERFORMANCE ENVIRONMENT

RITD -- WHERE CORE VALUES COME TO LIFE

RITD—WHERE NOBODY IS ALLOWED TO CARRY SHED SNAKE SKINS

RITD—WHERE INTERDEPENDENCE EXISTS , NOT SIMILARITY

RI TD-- WHERE INDIVIDUAL OBJECTIVE DOVE TAILS WITH TEAM OBJECTIVE

RITD-- WHERE THE RIGHT HAND KNOWS WHAT THE LEFT IS DOING

RITD—WHERE THE REDUNDANT, THE INAPPROPRIATE AND THE UNAPPEALING GETS CHANGED

RITD— WHERE ORDINARY MEN ACHIEVES THE EXTRAORDINARY

RITD—WHERE THERE EXISTS STEADFAST BELIEF IN EACH OTHER

RITD—WHERE FOCUS IS ON TEAM ISSUES NOT PERSONAL ISSUES

RITD—WHERE THE BOLDEST VISION IS OFTEN THE BEST VISION

RITD—WHERE THE PURPOSE OF CHANGE IS NOT TO CONCEAL MISTAKES

RITD-- UNFREEZE TRANSIT REFREEZE, TO LET GO OF THE PAST

RITD—WHERE ALL SEEK FIRST TO UNDERSTAND AND THEN TO BE UNDERSTOOD

RELATIONSHIP COMPETENCE FOR INTERPERSONAL DYNAMICS

BLUE OCEAN LEADERSHIP – INSPIRATIONAL, HONOURABLE , CONSISTENT, SANS HYPOCRISY—

RITD —WHERE ETHICS IS BOTH A RIGHT AND A RESPONSIBILITY

RITD—WHERE ALL DO THE RIGHT THING EVEN WHEN NOT BEING WATCHED

RITD—WHERE ALL TELL THEMSELVES THE TRUTH, NOT JUST TO OTHERS

RITD—WHERE INTEGRITY IS ITS OWN REWARD

RITD—WHERE THE MOST POTENT PERSUASION TOOL IS INTEGRITY

RITD—WHERE YOU ALIGN WITH REALITY , ALWAYS

RITD-- WHERE SOULS ARE PROTECTED

RITD—WHERE SENSE OF FAIRNESS IS ALWAYS UNDER THE RADAR SCANNER

RITD—WHERE ETHICAL PARADIGMS ARE DEMYSTIFIED

RI TD—WHERE ALL GETS TO KEEP THEIR SOUL IN THE LONG RUN

RI TD —WHERE OUGHT TO BE, PREVAILS OVER WHAT MUST BE

RITD—WHERE JUSTICE IS BALANCED WITH COMPASSION

RITD—WHERE TRUST RULES OVER CONTROL

RITD— WHERE ATMOSPHERE OF TRUST EXISTS, TO FOSTER CREATIVITY

RITD—WHERE THE FAT RULE BOOK IS DISCARDED FOR-- INTEGRITY AND COMMITMENT

RITD—WHERE THERE IS COLLECTIVE CONSCIENCE, LIKE OF A LIVING ORGANISM

RITD—WHERE RULES ARE LESS, TO REDUCE WASTED ENFORCEMENT TIME

RITD—WHERE THERE IS NO ROOM FOR INTIMIDATORS AND SELF RIGHTEOUS MANAGERS

RITD—WHERE THERE IS NO INNER SANCTUM FOR CLIQUES

RITD—WHERE THERE IS NO CALL TO SURRENDER YOUR DIGNITY

RITD—WHERE ANYBODY CAN CHALLENGE THE STATUS QUO

RITD—WHERE THERE IS A LEGACY FOR ONGOING EXCELLENCE

RITD—WHERE ALL CAN LISTEN TO A POINT OF VIEW WITHOUT BEING THREATENED

RITD—WHERE SLOTS ARE FOR CAPABLE MEN , NOT YES MEN

RITD—WHERE THERE IS A RIPPLE EFFECT OF EGO FREE LEADERSHIP

RITD—WHERE LEADERSHIP IS SUPPORTIVE NOT COERCIVE

RITD—WHER TEAM SPIRIT REFLECTS THE LEADERSHIP SPIRIT

RITD—WHERE SUPPORT IS INVITED NOT COMMANDEERED

RITD—WHERE FRIENDSHIPS DO NOT INTERFERE WITH GOOD JUDGEMENT

RITD—WHERE THERE ARE NO RULES FOR RULES SAKE

RITD—WHERE TALENT IS MOSTLY HOMEGROWN

LEADERSHIP SPIRIT NOT LEADERSHIP EGO

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE EAGER TO STEP OUTSIDE THEIR COMFORT ZONES

RITD—WHERE PEOPLE ARE CULTIVATED NOT ABSTRACTIONS

RITD—WHERE LEADERSHIP IS NOT AN EGO GAME

RITD—WHERE A CALL TO SERVICE IS NOT A CALL TO MARTYRDOM

RITD—WHERE NOBODY IS INFATUATED WITH OWN BRILLIANCE

RITD—WHERE EGO IS ON THE BACK BURNER, ALWAYS

RITD—WHERE THE MAIN FUNCTION IS NEVER TO MAINTAIN STATUS QUO

RITD—WHERE LEADERS HOLD LEGITIMATE POWER

RITD—WHERE EGOS DISINTEGRATE AND CHARACTERS BUILDS

RITD—WHERE PRODUCTIVITY RULES THE DAY

RITD—WHERE THERE ARE NO ONEUPMANSHIP GAMES

RITD—WHERE THERE IS ALWAYS A FRESH PAIR OF EYES

RITD—WHERE POSSIBILITIES ARE SEEN IN THE IMPOSSIBLE

RITD—WHERE CHANGE COMES FROM WITHIN

RITD—WHERE THE ABILITY TO UNLEARN AND RELEARN IS VALUED

RITD—WHERE REAR VIEW MIRROR IS ONLY FOR ONE SINGLE DARTING GLANCE

RITD—WHERE ALL FEEL GREAT

RITD—WHERE THE MOST VALUABLE MAN HAS THE COMPETENCE TO CLIMB THE TALLEST TREE
AND THE VISION TO HOLLER “WRONG JUNGLE “

RITD—WHERE PEOPLE ARE LEAD ON FACTS , NOT ASSUMPTIONS

RITD—WHERE ALL WALK THE TALK

RITD—WHERE FEAR GETS CONVERTED TO EXCITEMENT AND FLIGHT TO FIGHT

RITD—WHERE TRENDS ARE SET RATHER THAN REACTING TO TRENDS SET BY OTHERS

RITD—WHERE TRUTH AND TACT COEXIST

RITD—WHERE BELIEF IS BASED ON ONE ACCURATE MEASUREMENT , NOT ENDLESS EXPERT
OPINIONS

RITD—WHERE THE AIM OF A DEBATE IS PROGRESS NOT VICTORY

RITD—WHERE THE LEAST VALUABLE MAN IS THE ONE WHO HAS LOST ENTHUSIASM

RITD—WHERE FUEL IS CONTINUOUSLY ADDED TO THE FIRE OF MOTIVATION

RITD—WHERE FUTURE IS NEVER PLANNED BY THE PAST

RITD—WHERE ALL WALK PAST EACH OTHER WITH A KIND GLANCE AND A NOD

RITD—WHERE THINGS THAT MATTER THE MOST ARE NEVER AT THE MERCY OF THINGS THAT
MATTER THE LEAST

RITD—WHERE CONFIDENCE COMES OUT OF COMMITMENT TO OWN VALUES

RITD—WHERE THE COMFORT ZONE IS NOT AN ALLUREMENT

RITD—WHERE THE ABILITY TO PERSIST IN THE FACE OF SETBACK IS AN ASSET

RITD—WHERE THE PATH OF LEAST RESISTANCE IS ESCHEWED

RITD—WHERE THERE ARE POLITE WARM AND EXPECTANT ASKERS

RITD—WHERE ALL KNOW WHAT IS EXPECTED OF THEM

RITD—WHERE THE WORK ENVIRONMENT MAKE ALL FEEL TERRIFIC ABOUT THEMSELVES

RITD—WHERE THE LEADERS BRING OUT THE BEST IN THE REST

RITD—WHERE GREATNESS COMES FROM DOING SOMETHING THAT DOES NOT END WITH YOU

RITD— WHERE HEARTS ARE TOUCHED TO GET THE HELPING HAND

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE ACCEPTED FOR WHAT THEY ARE

RITD—WHERE LEADERS TRANSMUTE COMPETITION TO COOPERATION

RITD—WHERE TRUST IS ON TWO WAY STREET, ALWAYS

RITD—WHERE TRUST IS THE MOST VALUABLE COMMODITY

RITD—WHERE CONSCIENCE DICTATES TO LEAVE BEHIND A ONGOING LEGACY

RITD—WHERE THE EYE IS NOT REQUISITIONED TO HEAR , AND TONGUE IS NOT CALLED UPON
TO SMELL

RITD—WHERE LEADERS STAND AT THE PIVOT

RITD—WHERE ALL HAVE LISTENING SKILLS

RITD—WHERE VISION IS A BLUEPRINT NOT A MIRAGE

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE ABLE TO MAKE A POINT WITHOUT MAKING AN ENEMY

RITD—WHERE ALL WOULD RATHER BE SAVED BY CRITICISM THAN BE RUINED BY PRAISE

RITD—WHERE CREDIBILITY STEMS FROM DEEDS NOT WORDS

RITD—WHERE CHEERFULNESS IS POWERED BY SELF ESTEEM

RITD—WHERE A SHOE THAT DOES NOT FIT IS CAST ASIDE WITHOUT TRYING IT ON THE OTHER
FOOT

RITD—WHERE TERRAIN COUNTS NOT THE MAP

RITD—WHERE NOBODY WAITS FOR AN IDEA TO INTERRUPT THEM, RATHER IDEAS ARE ACTIVELY
SOUGHT OUT

RITD—WHERE THERE ARE NO ROADBLOCKS ON THAT EXTRA MILE OR THE MILES BEFORE THAT

RITD—WHERE PEOPLE ARE JUDGED MORE BY THEIR QUESTIONS RATHER THAN THEIR ANSWERS

RITD—WHERE COMFORT ZONES ARE STRETCHED FOR DIALOGUE AND COMMITMENT

RITD—WHERE LEADERS ARE DOMINANT NOT DOMINEERING

RITD—WHERE PERSONAL SPACE IS INVADED ONLY FOR COMMON GOOD.

RITD—WHERE ALL UNDERSTAND THE FINE LINE BETWEEN TIMELY CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM
AND DESTRUCTIVE PERSONAL ATTACK.

RITD—WHERE THE TEAM IS A FORUM FOR THE COMMON MAN TO ACHIEVE UNCOMMON RESULTS

RITD—WHERE PEOPLE ATTACK ISSUES—NOT EACH OTHER

RITD—WHERE FOCUS IS ON REAL WORK, NOT ACTIVITY TRAPS

RITD—WHERE THERE IS NO COOKBOOK APPROACH TO TEAM BUILDING

RITD—WHERE CLONING TUBES AND STEREOTYPE MOULDS GET BUSTED

RITD—WHERE IT REQUIRES AN ORCHESTRA FOR THE SYMPHONY NOT A LONE WOLF WHISTLE

RITD—WHERE YOU DON’T SEE THE PRESENT WITH EYES OF PAST CONDITIONED BY EGO

RITD—WHERE CRUDE STRATEGIES OF EGO LIKE NAME CALLING AND RAISING VOICE DON’T
EXIST

RITD—WHERE NON REACTION IS CONSIDERED A STRENGTH NOT A WEAKNESS

RITD- WHERE FORGIVENESS MEANS TO OVERLOOK , NOT IGNORE OR SULK

RITD—WHERE AWARENESS DOES NOT ALLOW EGO TO COEXIST

RITD—WHERE LITTLE DISPUTES DON’T INJURE RELATIONSHIPS

RITD—WHERE OLD BAGGAGE OF NEGATIVE EMOTIONS DON’T EXIST

RITD—WHERE EGO IS NOT ALLOWED TO CONFUSE OPINIONS WITH FACTS

RITD—WHERE ALL KNOW THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AN EVENT AND A EGO POWERED REACTION
TO AN EVENT

RITD—WHERE SELECTIVE PERCEPTION AND DISTORTED INTERPRETATION , JAUNDICED BY EGO
, DON’T EXIST

RITD—WHERE EGO IS CONSIDERED AS INSANITY OF THE HUMAN MIND

RITD—WHERE BEING IN THE MOMENT IS MANDATORY TO FREE ALL FROM EGO

RITD—WHERE EGO TAKES A BACKSEAT—AS EVERYBODY IS SOMEBODY

RITD—WHERE THERE IS NO EGO POWERED INDIFFERENCE

RITD—WHERE DEFINITION OF NEGATIVITY INCLUDES IMPATIENCE , IRRITATION AND BEING
FED UP

RITD—WHERE EGOS DON’T GO BERSERK TO GET ATTENTION

RITD—WHERE EGO IS LOOKED UPON AS BARNACLES ON HULL

RITD—WHERE THERE IS NO PLACE FOR MOB MENTALITY

RITD—WHERE NOBODY CRAVES FOR THE LIMELIGHT

RITD—WHERE VISION IS NOT A SLOGAN OR FANTASY OR PLATITUDE OF THE MANAGEMENT

RITD—WHERE VISION INSPIRES AND EMPOWERS TOO

RITD—WHERE CHANGE IS AS MUCH ABOUT PEOPLE AS IT IS ABOUT PLANS

RITD—WHERE CHANGE IS A MATTER OF HEAD AS WELL AS HEART

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE TIGHT ROPE ARTISTES WHEN IT COMES TO BALANCING THE NEED FOR
RADICAL CHANGE AND THE NECESSITY FOR CONTINUITY

RITD—WHERE DECISIONS ARE BASED ON FACTS NOT COMFORTABLE ASSUMPTIONS

RITD—WHERE ALL FEEL SECURE BY BEING IN TOUCH WITH CHANGE

RITD—WHERE CHANGE IS ANCHORED CULTURALLY

RITD—WHERE CHANGE IS ROOTED IN SHARED VALUES , NOT SHARED HIERARCHIES

RITD—WHERE CHANGE IS PAIN FREE AND THERE ARE NO CAUSALITIES OF WAR

RITD—WHERE THE PROVERB IGNORANCE IS BLISS , DOES NOT WORK

RITD—WHERE CONTROL OVER CHANGE IS GAINED BY GIVING IT UP

RITD—WHERE ENERGY IS EXPENDED ON THINGS WHICH MAKE A DIFFERENCE

RITD—WHERE ATTITUDES ARE CAUGHT NOT TAUGHT

RITD—WHERE ACCOUNTABILITY IS NEVER FOSTERED BY FEAR OF RETRIBUTION

RITD—WHERE LEADERSHIP IS OF SPIRIT , NOT OF MIND

RITD—WHERE ALL LIVE WITH GRACE AND HONOUR

RITD—WHERE A TIGER IS NOT HELD BY ITS TAIL TO KNOW MORE ABOUT IT

RITD—WHERE THE WORD BURNOUT DOES NOT EXIST IN THE DICTIONARY

RITD—WHERE HIGH TRUST RELATIONSHIPS EXIST

RITD—WHERE SAFETY AND QUALITY CULTURE IS BUILT IN , NOT INSPECTED IN

RITD—WHERE DELEGATION IS BASED ON TRUST NOT ABANDONMENT

RITD—WHERE A COFFEE BREAK IS A FUN AFFAIR WHICH PROVIDES NOURISHMENT FOR THE
SOUL

RITD—WHERE THE COLTS RUN SPIRITED AND FREE

RITD—WHERE PERFORMANCE FAILURE IS VIEWED AS A GAP TO WHAT MUST BE AND WHAT IS

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE ENCOURAGED TO CHALLENGE THE STATUS QUO

RITD—WHERE THE INFRASTRUCTURE PILLARS ARE MADE OF COMPETENCE

RITD—WHERE THERE IS EMOTIONAL CONNECT AND RESPECT BETWEEN SHORE AND SEA

RITD—WHERE THE PLAYING FIELD GETS TILTED FOR NONE

RITD—WHERE ALL PREFER TO WEAR OUT RATHER THAN RUST OUT

RITD—WHERE TIMEOUT VENTING STEAM FOR EMOTIONAL RELEASE IS OFFICIALLY GRANTED

RITD—WHERE ALL CORRECTIVE ACTIONS HAS TIME FRAMES

RITD—WHERE UNLEASHED TALENT NEVER RUNS HEADLONG INTO JEALOUS BARRIERS

RITD—WHERE NOBODY OVER PROMISES AND UNDER DELIVERS

RITD—WHERE NO BATTLES ARE WON AT THE EXPENSE OF LOSING THE WAR

RITD—WHERE OUTPUT LIKE DIVINE MUSIC IS MADE BY A SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA NOT A LONE
ONE MAN SHOW WHISTLER

RITD—WHERE THE THIN LINE BETWEEN HELPING AND INTERFERING IS CLEAR TO ALL

RITD—WHERE EVEN UNPOPULAR DECISIONS MAKE GOOD SENSE

RITD—WHERE FUN ACTIVITY IS NEVER TO EMBARRASS

RITD—fronti nul la fides ( latin ) – WHERE NO RELIANCE IS PLACED ON APPEARANCE
AT ALL

RITD—WHERE FREEDOM OF HUMAN SPIRIT IS A PRE REQUISITE FOR LEADERSHIP

RITD—WHERE A LEADER CAN HOLD THE ATTENTION AS WELL AS THE INTEREST

RITD—WHERE HUMOR IS A CORE VALUE

RITD—WHERE THE LEADERSHIP IS STRONG , NEVER MEAN

RITD—WHERE IN A MEETING NOBODY CARES WHO IS RIGHT, ONLY WHAT IS RIGHT

RITD—WHERE COMPROMISE IS NOT CONSIDERED AS A SIGN OF WEAKNESS

RITD—WHERE A PLAN AND A BUDGET IS ONLY A MEANS , NOT THE END

RITD—WHERE A MEETINGS SUCCESS IS JUDGED BY THE ACTIONS IT FORCED

RITD—WHERE BEING HONEST IS NOT A PUNITIVE OFFENCE

RITD—WHERE KNOWING WHEN TO YIELD IS A VALUABLE SKILL

RITD—WHERE MAN OF THE MATCH AWARDS ARE JOYFULLY SHARED

RITD—WHERE EVEN ASKING FOR HELP CREATES BONDING

RITD—WHERE HARD LUCK IS OVERCOME BY HARD WORK

RITD—WHERE THE CONCEPT OF MUCH MORE WITH MUCH LESS , COMES TO LIFE

RITD—WHERE THE CODE OF MORALS NEVER INTERFERES WITH DOING WHAT IS RIGHT

RITD—WHERE DIFFICULTIES AROUSE , NEVER DISCOURAGE

RITD—WHERE ALL UNDERSTAND INSTEAD OF MOANING OR WAXING INDIGNANT

RITD—WHERE THERE IS NO POVERTY OF MIND

RITD—WHERE GETTING ALONG WITH EACH OTHER IS A VALUED SKILL

RITD—WHERE THE PAST IS REFERRED TO ONLY TO DRAW LESSONS NOT TO LIVE IN IT

RITD—WHERE LIFE IS UNDERSTOOD BACKWARD AND LIVED FORWARD

RITD—WHERE TIME AND ENERGY IS ALWAYS MADE FOR THINGS WHICH MATTER

RITD—WHERE STORMS ARE EMBRACED TO MAKE ALL TAKE DEEPER ROOTS

RITD—WHERE THE POWER OF ACCURATE OBSERVATION IS NOT MISTAKEN FOR CYNICISM

RITD—WHERE NO ONE IS A PRISONER OF HIS OWN MIND

RITD—WHERE WEAKNESS OF ATTITUDE IS CONSIDERED AS WEAKNESS OF CHARACTER

RITD—WHERE FREEDOM OF THOUGHT IS GUARANTEED

RITD—WHERE IN ADVERSITY WE KNOW OUR STARS AND FRIENDS

RITD—WHERE A CLEAR CONSCIENCE IS NOT ABOUT PRETENDING TO HAVE A SHORT MEMORY

RITD—WHERE PROGRESS COMES FROM THE INTELLIGENT USE OF PAST EXPERIENCE

RITD—WHERE ALL HAVE THE WISDOM TO ACCEPT REJECTION AND TO REJECT ACCEPTANCE

RITD—WHERE EVEN DISOBEDIENCE IS EXAMINED TO CHECK OUT FOR INHERENT VIRTUE

RITD—WHERE TIME ENJOYED IN WASTING OR RECHARGING ENERGY IS NOT DEEMED WASTED
TIME

RITD—WHERE DIGNITY IS ROOTED IN THE CONSCIOUSNESS THAT THE HONOURS HELD ARE WELL
DESERVED

RITD—WHERE CIRCUMSTANCES ARE RULED BY MEN NOT VICE VERSA

RITD—WHERE MISTAKES MADE IN GOOD FAITH ARE ALWAYS CONDONED LEST THEY BECOME
CRIMES

RITD—WHERE WE ARE CONTENT TO ACT AND LET OTHERS DO THE TALKING

RITD—WHERE LAUGHTER IS ENCOURAGED, FOR MAN IS THE ONLY SPECIES WHO CAN DO SO

RITD—WHERE THE KEY TO FAILURE IS CLEARLY UNDERSTOOD AS THE DESIRE TO PLEASE ALL

RITD—WHERE AMBITIONS ARE NOT LAID ON THE MISERIES OF MANKIND

RITD—WHERE COMMANDS ARE WISE AND HENCE OBEYED CHEERFULLY

RITD—WHERE ALL LOOK ON LIFE AS AN ADVENTURE

RITD—WHERE THE ANTIDOTE TO DESPAIR IS ACTION

RITD—WHERE IT IS USUAL TO STAND UP TO YOUR FRIENDS—NOT JUST YOUR ENEMIES

RITD—WHERE MEN ARE HIRED FOR THE PASSION OF WORK, NOT LOVE OF MONEY

RITD—WHERE THE TARGET IS NOT WHAT ANYBODY ELSE CANT HIT—RATHER NOBODY ELSE CAN
SEE

RITD- WHERE AWARENESS KEEPS EGO UNDER CHECK

RITD- WHERE ALL HOLD A MORAL COMPASS

RITD—WHERE ALL HELP EACH OTHER TO REACH THEIR POTENTIAL

RITD—WHERE THE ABSENCE OF FLAW IN BEAUTY IS CONSIDERED A FLAW

RITD- WHERE THE PAST CAN BE RESPECTED NOT WORSHIPPED

RITD—WHERE A SENSE OF HUMOR HELPS MAINTAIN PERSPECTIVE

RITD—WHERE ALL HAVE THE RIGHT STUFF IN TERMS OF MINDSET AND ATTITUDE

RITD—WHERE LEADERS HOLD LEGITIMATE POWER AND POSITION

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE CAPABLE OF BEING IN THE ZONE, WHERE CEREBELLUM TAKES OVER
FROM NEOCORTEX, AND SPIRIT TAKES OVER MIND

RITD—WHERE EXCELLENCE IS NOT AN ACTION BUT A HABIT

RITD—WHERE VICTORY LAPS ARE COMMONPLACE TO REDUCE STRESS

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE INVOLVED WITH CAUSE NOT EFFECT

RITD- WHERE COURAGE OF CONVICTIONS POWERED BY COMPETENCE AND FREEDOM OF SPIRIT
IS NOT MISTAKEN FOR ARROGANCE.

RITD—WHERE A SENSE OF HUMOR IS PRIMARILY FOR INSTANT RIGHT HAND SIDE
SUBCONSCIOUS BRAIN LOBE ACCESS, NOT JUST TO HELP MAINTAIN PERSPECTIVE

RITD—WHERE ALL LIVE BY DESIGN NOT DEFAULT

RITD—WHERE THE FOUNTAIN HEAD FOR ENERGY UNLEASHED IS A CAUSE TO STAND FOR AND
THE WILL TO LEAVE BEHIND A SHINING LEGACY.

RITD- WHERE INNOVATION IS FUELED BY INSIGHT

RITD—WHERE CQ ( CREATIVITY QUOTIENT ) AND HQ ( HUMOR QUOTIENT ) ARE VALUED
ASSETS

RITD—WHERE THERE IS NO OVER-RELIANCE ON LOGIC

RITD—WHERE INNOVATION IS EVOLUTIONARY— RATHER THAN REVOLUTIONARY

RITD—WHERE INNOVATION IS NOT A REACTIVE PROCESS—RATHER IT IS PROACTIVE

RITD—WHERE IF YOU ARE NOT PART OF THE SOLUTION YOU ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM

RITD—WHERE POLICIES AND GUIDELINES ARE VALUED— NOT RULES

RITD—WHERE MANAGERS WHO LABOUR TO GET THEIR VARIANCE NIL, AND IMMATURE FORECASTS
COME OUT AS PLANNED , ARE THE FIRST TO BE BLOWN AWAY IN A STORM

RITD—WHERE THE LEADERSHIP HAS THE PSYCHOLOGICAL MATURITY TO RECRUIT CREATIVE
THINKERS, NOT YES-MEN

RITD—WHERE CREATIVE DYSLEXIA , OR INABILITY TO READ RESTRAINING RULES IS A
STRENGTH

RITD—WHERE THE CREATIVE GEESE ARE EXEMPTED FROM MILITARY FORMATION FLIGHTS

RITD—WHERE NOBODY DEFENDS STATUS QUO – LONG AFTER THE QUO HAS LOST ITS STATUS

RITD—WHERE PAPER WORK DOES NOT PROLIFERATE AND MINOR DECISIONS ARE NEVER
REFERRED UPWARDS

RITD—WHERE THE TEAM ENTITY IS ORGANIC , FOR FREEDOM TO CHANGE

RITD—WHERE ETHOS IS SHARED

RITD—WHERE NEW RECRUITS HAVE NIL MENTAL LUGGAGE AND THE SEEDS OF THE FUTURE
WITHIN THEM

RITD—WHERE THE DICE IS CAST WITHOUT RATTLING IT FOR AGES

RITD—WHERE THE CONCEPT OF SCAPEGOATING DOES NOT EXIST

RITD—WHERE THE NAME OF THE GAME IS – INNOVATE OR DIE

RITD—WHERE INNOVATION IS NOT WISHED FOR—RATHER IT IS HUNTED DOWN

RITD—WHERE INNOVATION HAPPENS LONG BEFORE SOLUTIONS STOP BEING ELEGANT

RITD—WHERE INNOVATIONS MEANS ROCKING THE BOAT—NOT BUSINESS AS USUAL

RITD—WHERE INNOVATION IS CONSIDERED , OXYGEN FOR SURVIVAL

RITD—WHERE THE INNOVATIVE TEAM IS LEAD, NOT MANAGED

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE SELF STARTERS

RITD—WHERE INNOVATION IS SPONTANEOUS, CHANGE IS ORCHESTRATED

RITD—WHERE THE BEST WAY SKILL IS TERMED INNOVATION

RITD—WHERE THE MINDSET DICTATES THAT THE BEST WAY TO PREDICT THE FUTURE IS TO
CREATE IT

RITD—WHERE LEADERS HAVE THE KNACK TO CONVERT TALENT INTO PERFORMANCE

RITD—WHERE RIGHT OUTCOMES ARE DEFINED — NOT STEPS

RITD—WHERE ELABORATE AND TIME WASTING RITUALS GET SIMPLIFIED

RITD—WHERE TALKING PARROTS ARE ALLOWED TO TALK , AND SUNDIALS ARE NOT KEPT IN
THE SHADE

RITD—WHERE LEARN IS A CONTINUOUS PROCESS FOR SELF IMPROVEMENT, NOT TO IMPRESS
OTHERS

RITD—WHERE THERE IS NO HARD LABOUR— FOR ALL LOVE WHAT THEY DO.

RITD—WHERE ATTITUDE IS BONE MARROW DEEP

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE BRIGHT ENOUGH TO NOTICE WHEN THEIR HONOUR IS ON THE LINE

RITD—WHERE IMAGINATION IS ALWAYS ON FOCUS – NOT JUST THE EYES

RITD—WHERE LAZINESS IS DEFINED AS THE HABIT OF RESTING BEFORE YOU GET TIRED

RITD—WHERE IT IS NECESSARY TO RESPECT YOURSELF BEFORE OTHERS RESPECT YOU

RITD—WHERE IF SOMEONE PUSHED YOU INTO A HOLE TWICE — IT IS YOUR FAULT

RITD—WHERE THE CRAFT OF FOOLING THE GUT LIKE BRANDING DOES NOT WORK , OR A LIE
TOLD A HUNDRED TIMES DOES NOT BECOME THE TRUTH

RITD—WHERE ALL LOOK INWARDS FOR STRENGTH AND CONFIDENCE

RITD—WHERE NOBODY IS A PRISONER OF WAR TO TRADITION

RITD—WHERE IF EVERYTHING IS UNDER CONTROL ALL THE TIME – IT MEANS THE TEAM IS
NOT GOING FAST ENOUGH

RITD—WHERE LEADERSHIP IS NOT ROOTED IN HIGH HANDED DOMINATION OR INTIMIDATION

RITD—WHERE QUALITY IS A JOYFUL RACE TRACK, NOT A FINISHING LINE

RITD—WHERE MANAGERS WHO MAKE THINGS DIFFICULT FOR PEOPLE WHO WORK ARE REPLACED
BY LEADERS

RITD—WHERE DESTINY IS A MATTER OF CHOICE ON OWN TERMS , NOT CHANCE

RITD—WHERE LIFE IS A MYSTERY TO BE SOLVED RATHER THAN A PROBLEM TO BE
UNRAVELLED.

RITD—WHERE EVERY MOMENT IS FRESHLY MINTED

RITD—WHERE GRACE UNDER PRESSURE IS A MUST

RITD—WHERE BODY , MIND AND SPIRIT MUST BALANCE FOR AN ENTRY

RITD—WHERE LEADERSHIP IS OF SPIRIT AND MANAGEMENT IS OF MIND

RITD—WHERE THE MOST DANGEROUS ENEMIES ARE INDIFFERENCE, APATHY AND LOSS OF
ENTHUSIASM

RITD—WHERE MIND TAKES ITS CUES FROM THE SPIRIT AND BODY FROM THE MIND

RITD—WHERE THE LEADER IS RATIFIED IN THE HEARTS AND MINDS OF THE TEAM— IT IS BY
NO MEANS A MERE APPOINTMENT

RITD—WHERE DIGNITY EXTENDED TO THE TEAM , CREATES THE STRONG FOUNDATION OF TRUST
TO BE EXCHANGED

RITD—WHERE THE TEAM IS RUN ON TRUST , NOT CONTROL

RITD—WHERE RULES DON’T GUARANTEE RESULTS, WITHOUT ETHICAL STANDPOINTS TO FILL
THE GAPS

RITD—WHERE ALL ACTIONS ARISE FROM A BALANCED FRAME OF MIND

RITD—WHERE WHAT HAS TO BE DONE IS DONE SANS THE DRAMA WITHOUT TRAMPLING ON THE
DIGNITY OF THE TEAM.

RITD—WHERE MATURITY IS DEFINED AS KNOWING WHAT CAN BE CHANGED AND WHAT CANNOT
BE.

RITD—WHERE NO ONE IS ADDICTED TO SELF PITY AND ALL CAN ROMANCE THE STRESS

RITD—WHERE ALL SHARE , RESPECT AND ENJOY THE DIFFERENCES REVEALED BY CORE VALUE
OF TRANSPARENCY.

RITD—WHERE ALL TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR OWN FAILURES

RITD—WHERE NO ONE JUDGES THE PRESENT BY THE EYES OF THE PAST.

RITD—WHERE NOBODY BROODS OVER THE PAST OR FEARS THE FUTURE

RITD—WHERE THE GREATEST MOMENT OF YOUR LIFE IS “NOW”

RITD—WHERE SUCCESS AT THE COST OF HONOUR IS CONSIDERED FAILURE.

RITD—WHERE KNAVES GET INSPIRED TO BE HEROES

RITD- WHERE BRAND BUILDING STARTS WITH THE TEAM MEMBERS

RITD—WHERE EMOTION AND NOSTALGIA ARE POTENT WEAPONS IN A INCREASINGLY SANITISED
AND FACELESS WORLD

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE PASSIONATE ABOUT TEAM BRANDING , AND NOBODY CARES FOR
PERSONAL BRANDING

RITD—WHERE ALL TELL THE TRUTH TO EACH OTHER AND HENCE THERE IS NO NEED TO
REMEMBER ANYTHING

RITD—WHERE IT IS KINDA FUN TO DO THE IMPOSSIBLE

RITD—WHERE FREEDOM OF THOUGHT IS GUARANTEED

RITD—WHERE THERE IS NO HARD LABOUR , AS ALL WOULD RATHER BE DOING WHAT THEY DO.

RITD—WHERE MATURITY IS DEFINED AS THE ABILITY TO FOCUS ON IMPORTANT THINGS

RITD—WHERE NOBODY CARES FOR THE RAT RACE

RITD—WHERE MOROSE SERIOUSNESS IS CONSIDERED AS THE LAST REFUGE OF THE SHALLOW

RITD—WHERE ALL HAVE THE ABILITY TO ENTERTAIN A THOUGHT WITHOUT ACCEPTING IT OR
LOSING SELF CONFIDENCE.

RITD—WHERE ALL TAKE THEIR OWN SUNSHINE WHEREVER THEY GO

RITD—WHERE ALL HOLD THE MATURITY TO RESIGN WITH GOOD GRACE ALL WHAT THEY ARE
NOT.

RITD—WHERE TRUE PEACE AND TRANQUILITY OF MIND EXISTS DUE TO FAIRNESS AND JUSTICE
IN THE LEADERSHIP

RITD—WHERE INHERENT PROBLEMS RAKED UP BY KNOWLEDGE AND IMAGINATION WILL NOT BE
SOLVED THROUGH IGNORANCE

RITD—WHERE SOMETIMES DETRACTORS ARE FORGIVEN FOR KICKS-- JUST TO ANNOY THEM

RITD—WHERE NO AMBITIONS ARE LAID ON THE MISERIES OF MANKIND

RITD—WHERE DIFFICULTIES AROUSE, NOT DISCOURAGE

RITD—WHERE ALL HAVE THE COURAGE OF CONVICTIONS TO STAND UP TO THEIR FRIENDS, NOT
JUST THEIR ENEMIES

RITD—WHERE NOBODY LETS YESTERDAY USE TOO MUCH OF TODAY.

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE PROUD OF THEIR OWN SCARS

RITD—WHERE THE HINGES OF DESTINY ARE FORGED ON OWN TERMS

RITD—WHERE NOBODY LOOKS AROUND FOR A COFFIN WHEN THEY SMELL FLOWERS

RITD—WHERE REARRANGING PREJUDICES , OR THE COMFORT OF OPINION WITHOUT THE
DISCOMFORT OF THOUGHT, IS NOT PART OF THE CULTURE

RITD—WHERE EVERY ACTION IS FULL BLOODED

RITD—WHERE THERE IS TRIUMPH IN HONOURABLE DEFEAT

RITD—WHERE THE CLOCKS WHICH CAN SHOW THE CORRECT TIME JUST TWICE A DAY , ARE
CONSIGNED TO THE PLACE THEY DESERVE TO BE.

RITD—WHERE USELESS TRADITIONS OF PAST GENERATIONS DO NOT WEIGH LIKE A NIGHTMARE

RITD—WHERE THERE ARE NO CHESS PIECES—ONLY PLAYERS

RITD—WHERE HUMILITY IS DEFINED AS MAKING THE “RIGHT” ESTIMATE OF YOURSELF— NOT A
“LOW” ESTIMATE TO PLEASE THE PARASITES

RITD—WHERE THE TONGUE WILL NOT OFFER ENDLESS HEARING SOLUTIONS AND THE NOSE WILL
NEVER PRETEND TO HAVE 20/20 VISION, WITH HINDSIGHT THROWN IN FOR GOOD MEASURE

RITD—WHERE ALL ARE AWARE THAT WITHOUT COURAGE , WISDOM CAN BEAR NO FRUIT

RITD—WHERE THE LEADERSHIP HOLDS THE SEASONED ABILITY TO FILTER OUT THE ESSENTIAL
FROM THE INESSENTIAL AND PRIORITISE IT.

RITD— LIKE THE QUINTESSENTIAL ARCH — THE MORE THE PRESSURE PUT ON THE TEAM, THE
STRONGER IT BECOMES .

RITD—WHERE THERE IS ALWAYS A PLAN B

RITD—WHERE ALL HOLD THE WISDOM NOT TO JUMP ACROSS A 20 FOOT CHASM IN 2 NOS 10
FOOT JUMPS

RITD—WHERE IF GRACE DOES NOT FIND EXPRESSION , IT IS NOT CONSIDERED GRACE

RITD—WHERE ITS MIGHT LIES IN WHOLESOME INDOMITABLE SPIRIT.

RITD—WHERE THE LEADER IS GUIDED BY HIS SPIRIT.

RITD—WHERE “ABILITY TO ADAPT” HOLDS PREMIUM OVER OBSOLETE DARWINIAN “SURVIVAL OF
THE FITTEST”.

RITD—WHERE INWARD CONSCIOUSNESS, SELF AWARENESS AND REFLECTIVE THINKING HOLD
PREMIUM— THE BASIC DIFFERENCE BETWEEN HUMANS AND ANIMALS.

RITD—WHERE THE BEST PREDICTOR FOR FUTURE PERFORMANCE IS PAST PERFORMANCE.

RITD—WHERE ALL USE THEIR THOUGHTS RATHER THAN ALLOWING THEIR CHATTERING THOUGHTS
TO USE THEM.

RITD—WHERE EVERYBODY HAS A PLAN B AND NIL EXCUSES

RITD—WHERE THERE ARE NO LOSERS WHO SAY—IT MAY BE POSSIBLE BUT IT IS DIFFICULT,
RATHER THEY SAY—IT MAY BE DIFFICULT, BUT IT IS POSSIBLE.

RITD—WHERE THE INDIVIDUAL’S VALUES AND BELIEFS MATCH WITH THE TEAMS’ .

RITD—WHERE ALL SEE PLENTY ANSWERS TO PROBLEMS , RATHER THAN PROBLEMS TO EVERY
ANSWER

RITD—WHERE ALL SEE THE BEST IN OTHER MEMBERS OF THE TEAM

RITD—WHERE THERE IS NO ROOM FOR REACTIVE PEOPLE WHO CANNOT PERCEIVE OR VISUALISE

RITD—WHERE THOUGHTS AND FEELINGS ARE IN HARMONY WITH ENTHUSIASTIC ACTIONS

RITD—WHERE THE TEAM HAS A EPSILON FIELD CONSCIOUSNESS OF ITS OWN FOR
EXTRAORDINARY INSIGHT AND AWARENESS

RITD—WHERE THE ETHICS PROGRAMME IS NOT ABOUT PROTECTING THE REPUTATION OF SENIOR
MANAGEMENT, RATHER IT IS ABOUT DOING THE RIGHT THING

RITD—WHERE TEAM SATISFACTION IS REGULARLY MEASURED, IN A WIN-WIN TWO WAY
DIALOGUE

RITD-- WHERE CLARITY ON GROUP VALUES IS AS IMPORTANT AS CLARITY ON PERSONA L
VALUES.
********************************************************************************
HAPPINESS FROM WITHIN-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





“ Open happiness – Coke cries gleefully.

“ Good morning happiness” – screams a swank cooking range advertisement.

Surely marketing whizkid know zilch about happiness. It cant be bought or sold
by money.

Happiness is FREE. It is about filling up the space deep inside, or
gratification of the soul. It is about equilibrium or dynamic balance between
your SPIRIT , MIND AND MATTER. For life is a combination of spiritual,
intellectual and physical aspects. It is achieved by deserving.

Happiness has to overtake you. Say—if you choose harmony over truth , you are
overtaking happiness— it wont work.

A cold fizzy coke will not make you happy. Never equate happiness with matter.
It is more of spirit and mind. Inner peace, like peace at home will make you
happy. A free swank cooking range could ignite the heart of a house wife , but
it wont gratify her soul or cause her heart to sing.

Happiness is a victory lap of positive forces over negative forces in your life.
Now let us call the positive forces Pandavas, and the negative forces Kauravas.
Just for the sake of simplicity. ( Pssst --both Ramayan and Mahabharata have
been written backwards. The principle of nothing succeeds like success has been
applied . If Ravan had won the war, we would have been shooting fire arrows at
Ram on Dusshera day. Read both the epics and have an opinion for yourself )

Let me make a list of Pandava forces, in a random order – for all prefer to have
their priorities. Let us assume you have no needs which come from insufficiency,
rather you have only wants . To be without few things you want is a
indispensable part of happiness.

Freedom from want is the greatest liberator. The gambler who waits for one more
spin of the roulette is not exactly liberated.

The Mahaprajnaparamita Shastra states:

"When one seeks an object of desire,one suffers.

When one gets an object of desire,One fears losing it.

When one loses an object of desire,One is greatly troubled.

At each and every point,There is no joy."


All things of great value are absolutely free, given an received in silence
without an audience :-

PANDAVA FORCES:#############



   
     
Good robust health. A hospital stay is a great leveller. Feel young—you cant do
that unless you exercise. It releases feel good chemicals.

A positive cash flow. I call this commonsense—we are in the 21st century. Never
respect utter poverty.

An abundance of free time (like mE pet cat) . Many interests to keep you busy ,
so that you don’t get bored. Free time to discover what makes your heart sing,
to chill out or be a bit reckless and merry once in a while -- free time to
discover your talents and polish them and show case them.

Where you can be who you are , comfortable in our own skin. No need to fake it
or go against your grain or be a pretender—no need for wigs or high heels or
hair dye. Where an elephant need not try to be a horse to improve its self
esteem . Where you don’t need to make heads turn or show off or do oneupmanship.
I call this place a home—it is different from egopowered page 3 partyplace where
a woman so wrapped up in herself will drag 4 feet of her gown on the dirty floor
to draw the eyes of the world. Have you ever wondered why yester year heroines
put a red bindi, the size of a lemon on their foreheads?

Your home is for you to live in not others to gape at. That does not mean a
cluttered or dirty home.

Being close to beautiful nature— feeling ze cool wind through your hair, crisp
air in your lungs, clean blue waters— rather feeling one with nature-- a natural
high. If you are allergic to your area , flee from it. Harmony with nature is a
must. No point in having wheezing and a blocked nose. You cant even sleep
properly or enjoy your food .

Freedom from worry, compulsive thinking , negativity and clinging .

Loving your job—in which case it is play , not work. Some autonomy is needed so
that you work on your own terms ( this does not mean you can bring your dog to
work ) , not your boss leading you by your nostrils on a tight leash. No golden
handcuffs on you, that you cant quit the undignified job if you want. Freedom ,
like health , is appreciated only when you lose it.

Have integrity—where you walk your talk or where is video is congruent with your
audio. Have clear meaning and purpose to your life.

Being creative, productive, wearing yourself out for a purpose, to leave a
lasting legacy to the world. Living your life by design—not default.

Wiping a tear from a hungry man. Giving a lift to a footslogger whom you have
always ignored. Visiting someone who never expected you , in the hospital. Feel
the happiness course through your veins. I call this bliss. Being socially
responsible. Riches of the mind. Intellectual property. Following the path of
self discovery.

An open heart .

Patience.

Celebrations when you have won something your deserved and worked hard at.
Sleeping well at night, because you have a clean conscience – for you have never
stitched up anybody . Because you have a sense of accomplishment in managing the
pieces of your day and feel like a winner. Because you have run your own race .
You have no need to over analyze and then declutter your mind or tonsure the
past with booze and drugs.

Responding to daily events in a manner which is in harmony with the oneness of
the fabric and principles of the universe. “ Num myoho renghe kyo “ . It you
want to know further , google chrome this Tibetian mantra.

The feel that your are growing in life.

Good books, great music, good friends.

Ability to say NO and pull the plug. Ability to cast a shoe aside that does not
fit. Being graceful , mature and poised while doing this.

Use pain solely for feedback. Using pain as a message from nature.

Responding to life proactively , not reacting.

Not eating too much.

Ability to play a bad hand well.

A good sense of humor.

Never to breach a trust.

Pride in own character.

Hope in defeat. Faith in your abilities.

Heart free of hate. Happiness is a huge by-product of those actions we take for
the benefit of others. Thus compassion and forgiveness are perfectly selfish and
wise acts. Kindness, generosity, patience, tolerance, humility, fairness ,
helping others to grow and reach their potential -- all create happiness.

Following your emotions but know when to control them. An easy and calm mind can
only be attained when emotions are allowed a safe expression.

KAURAVA FORCES:#################






A king sized ego. Perfectionism is a deep ego trip. Inability to separate your
pride from the situation in hand.

Jealousy.

Material greed to fill up the hole in your life and psyche. Allowing beautiful
things to own you.

Selfishness.

Inability to see your own assets with pride. Inability to see the positive. Lack
of age reversing emotions like joy, forgiveness, love, respect, friendship, self
esteem and lightheartedness . The skin tone shows on people who are not self
actualized and unable to laugh. Only laughter can release those chemicals which
electrify your nerves.

Lack of zest and enthusiasm for life. Bad manners.

Taking things personally and hypersensitivity . Dwelling on nasty remarks .
Inability to move on after grieving.

Seeing only problems—no possibilities. Mired in self pity. Crying type.

Inability to enjoy the moment or give a full blooded shot.

Lack of grace under pressure.

Negative revengeful thoughts.

Expecting too much. Concentrating on what you don’t have.

Breaking your own word to yourself consistently.

Going to bed with unresolved differences with your wife and children.Inability
to spend quality time with them.

Addicted to emotional drama, hysteria and cynicism.

Being happy at the expense of anothers deep unhappiness.

Inability to adapt and CHANGE to the new order — remaining vulnerable and
unhappy in the unfamiliar zone.

psssst, the best for the last---

one of the PANDAVAS is -- you must experience as many colours hues of nature
every day ( flowers, blue water, white clouds, green grass, red sunset etc )
during a nature walk , -- and as many food taste varieties ( salty, sweet, sour,
bitter etc ).

never let a small dispute injure a great friendship--

if everything you did in life was perfectly safe and straight-laced--well you
never had any exhilarating moment you could think about on your deathbed , and
puzzle the sad onlookers. security is the lowest form of happiness-

--NEVER SWEAT THE SMALL STUFF, NOR SHORT SELL YOURSELF LEARN TO LET GO AT THE
--RIGHT TIME the more crap you put up with, the more you get on your face

everyone cries out of selfishness-- keep away from SELF PITY, for it will
interfere with positive action-- nobody has ever shed a tear on this planet for
someone else--

make peace with your past --so that you don't mar your present --

never jump into the bandwagon, or bow to precedent-- never be preoccupied with
stuff over which you have zilch control--

treat life as an adventure-- never let criticism shake your confidence--

happiness is NOT in the mundane, but in the deep ocean of happiness that lies
beneath.  live beneath your means and within your seams.

 happinessisnotaconstant.justbecauseyouarenothappyitdoesnotmeansomethingiswrong.
 perfectutopialiesonlyinthemindsofunhappyperfectionists.

identify and avoid disruptive behavior. never bow to precedent.  cut off ties
with dishonest , mean and negative people. the more crap you put up with, the
more crap you will get. refuse to be swayed by emotion when it conflicts with
reason. avoided problems will not go away, rather it becomes worse.  always have
your opinions.  silence has lead the way to every atrocity in history. never
show weakness while negotiating.  make peace with your past so that it does not
mess up your present.  accept that life is NOT always fair.

if your purpose of life is security then you will be a failure.  security is the
lowest form of happiness ( ask an animal in the zoo ).

Happiness cannot be thrust upon you, it comes from within as a result of your
own actions. Al seasons are beautifu for the person whose happiness comes from
within. Have a sense of humor, or you are like the car without a suspension ,
jolted by every pot hole. Use sense of humor as a balancing pole pole on the
tightrope of life .

Forget about Maslows theory-- you cannot be happy unless your job is something
yo love and you feel it matters. Unless you make peace with what you are , you
will never be content with what you have.

Shared laughter creates bonds of friendship. Shared laughter melts all divides.

Like Tennyson said--The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the
absence but in the mastery of his passions.  Stop worrying about things which
are beyond the power of your will. To be truly happy you need a clear sense of
purpose and meaning in life.

The movie Saturday night fever taught this lesson from Aristotle to western
folks-- Dignity consists not in possessing honors, but in the consciousness that
we deserve them.

The most difficult thing that you can do is to watch the person you love , love
someone else.  When you contribute to a team effort-- you're happiest while
you're making the greatest contribution.

Knowing what is right and not being able to do it is cowardice. Such a man
cannot be happy. The current is food on the table. The past is shit in the
septic tank. Why do you insist on entering this stinkin' tank every hour of the
day? Self pity and resentment are self destructive.

THE CRUX IS TO UNCOVER THE HAPPINESS HIDDEN IN EVERY MOMENT, THAT SILVER LINING
--THIS MUST BE A MINDSET -- follow your heart--

--AND FINDING WORK YOU ARE PASSIONATE ABOUT.   LIFE IS TOO SHORT FOR DOING WORK
--YOU DONT ENJOY.  at work, be the team player try to increase the size of the
--whole pie, not just your portion on ze pie

--AND REMEMBER ALLOW TEMPTATION TO OVERTAKE YOU , ONCE IN A WHILE ( VADAKAYIL'S
--ADVICE TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT )

LIVE LIFE ON YOUR OWN TERMS -- WITHOUT FREEDOM THERE CAN BE NO HAPPINESS. Never
short sell yourself.

Keep life simple.   a happy bloke does not expect too much of gratitude..

Man  is the only animal who makes bargains. Can you imagine a cat making a
conditional bargain—if I help you out of this mess , you must gives me the head
of your dinner fish.

Remember that happiness is not constant. Some people think that if they're not
feeling happy, something is wrong.  One of the great secrets to happiness is to
be immersed in an activity that is complex, where you have the skills to match
that activity. By stretching your mind as you work, you enter into a state of
mind where you lose all sense of time.



AFTER THE GAME OF LIFE , THE KING AND THE PAWN GOES INTO THE SAME BOX--    WHAT
IS ALL THIS

BULLSHIT  ONE-UP-MANSHIP WHILE ALIVE ?

ALL OF US ARE IN RAFTS ON A RAPID RIVER HEADING FOR THAT PLUNGE DOWN THE WATER
FALL OF DEATH  -- 100% SURE !!
********************************************************************************
PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


A BRUTAL INQUISITION ORDERED BY ST FRANCIS XAVIER

In 1498 Vasco Da Gama landed up at a beautiful beach ( Kappad ) in my hometown
Calicut.



He was actually lost on the east coast of Africa at Malindi—and was piloted
across the Arabian sea by the Calicut king Zamorin’s deep sea pilot Ibn Aziz.


A small stone monument here , commemorated the historic landing.



Vasco Da Gama tried to impress the King of Calicut with glass beads , scarlet
hoods and coral.

On his second voyage in 1502 Vasco Da Gama came with 25 ships , thousands of
soldiers and large canons. Enroute to Calicut they caught a pilgrim ship on
passage to Mecca and burnt all 700 including women and children alive. He
pounded Calicut city with his long range guns. When a messenger was sent by the
king, Vasco Da Gama cut off his lips , and ears-- stitched the ears of a dog in
place and sent him back. King Zamorin was wary of the Portugese and soon they
shifted base to Cochin and then to Goa.

Portugese admiral Alfonso De Albuquerque was driven away by the Muslim ruler of
Bijapur and Goa Yusuf Adil Shah.  However after 3 months he again re-attacked
with a larger force,  with help from a local Hindu Chieftain Thimayya.


On 25th Nov 1510—he captured Goa .  Yusuf was dead and his son Ismail was still
an infant.



On May 6th 1542, St Francis Xavier of the Jesuit order of Ignatius Loyola , at
the young age of 36, landed at Goa, after a 13 month ardous voyage round the
Cape of Good Hope--


 underordersofKingofPortugalJoaoIII.



As soon as Xavier landed at Goa he wrote to his king “ Whoever has seen Goa need
not see Lisbon “—and he goes into great lengths to describe the architectural
splendor ( Ottoman style ).

Pretty soon, he found out the hard way-- that the local Indians are NOT east to
convert from Hinduism to Christianity. He started by ordering the temples to be
demolished. But then people had idols in their houses.

Hinduism was deeprooted.  The vedic Indian civilisation flourished on the banks
of river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC. When the river Saraswati dried up in
4000 BC , the people had migrated to the Zuari.



In 1545 Francis Xavier, frustrated -- wrote to Rome ( this letter is preserved )
and to the King —

QUOTE “ The Hindus are an unholy race. They are liars and cheats to the very
backbone. Their idols are black—as black as black can be— ugly and horrible to
look at , smeared with oil and smell in a evil manner. “--UNQUOTE





He then formally ordered the Portugese Inquisition fo Goa , which ran from 1516
to 1812. The rest of Europe had terminated the Inquisition in 1774. It stopped
in 1812 due to British intervention.

More than 20000 people were brought under trial by this Inquisition.

The Portugese first started off with high ranking Saraswat Brahmin Hindus who
held the land and riches. Who ever was caught in a palanquin had to undergo the
brutal inquisition.



They were NOT allowed to wear the Shendi ( hair tuft ), have a Tulsi plant in
front of their house, wear the sacred thread , have an idol in their homes ,
wear sandals , read the Vedas etc




This drove all of them away from Goa, leaving the land behind.  Some of them
unwillingly converted into Christianity.

It was NOT religious hatred alone, the main reason was to steal as many ancient
Sanskrit and Malayalam Vedic texts on Science, Medicine and Mathematics. It is
from Xavier that Europe came to know about medicinal leech vaccination ( among
other things ) , and later Freemason Edward Jenner made a name for himself. The
ancient Maharishis from Kerala, like Imhotep,  has been vaccinating the Pharaohs
of Egypt, 6500 years before Edward Jenner.

The masses were converted into Christianity, saddled with Portuguese surnames ,
given menial jobs, made to eat Beef and Pork and drink cheap Feni ( a local brew
made of Cashew and Coconut ). This easy inebriated life destroyed their mindset
and till today no Catholic Goan boy has passed the IIT entrance exam. ( ala the
Red Indians of North America and the Aborigines of Australia )





The Portugese viceroy Constantine De Braganza had ensconced himself in the
Sultan’s palace. He was unceremoniously told to buzz off from there and 200
prison cells were built—ordered by the Pope. The Taj Hotel at Fort Aguada was
also used as a torture cell.






On Jan 31 st 1620, the Portugese government ordered that NO Hindu marriages can
be performed in Goa. They went one step ahead in 1625—and ordered that NO Hindu
infidel can be employed in Goa.


The Portuguese Inquisition Laws filled 230 pages and the Inquisition was to be
held behind closed doors. Fr. Diago de Boarda and his advisor Vicar General,
Miguel Vaz had made a gruesome 41 point plan for torturing Hindus.

Under this plan Viceroy António de Noronha issued in 1566, an order applicable
to the entire area under Portuguese rule. I hereby order that in any area owned
by my master, the king, nobody should construct a Hindu temple and such temples
already constructed should not be repaired without my permission. If this order
is transgressed, such temples shall be, destroyed and the goods in them shall be
used to meet expenses of holy deeds, as punishment of such transgression.

In 1567, the campaign of destroying temples in Bardez met with success. At the
end of it more than 300 Hindu temples were destroyed. Enacting laws, prohibition
was laid from 4 December 1567 on rituals of Hindu marriages, sacred thread
wearing and cremation.

All the persons above 15 years of age were compelled to listen to Christian
preaching, failing which they were punished. In 1583 all Hindu temples at
Assolna and Cuncolim were destroyed through army action.

Convered Hindus , who were detected to secretly  hold their old religion in
esteem were burnt at the stake or brutally tortured.



Brutal methods used were – To tear off the tongues--  To blind the victim with
sharp sticks or red- hot iron spikes-- The pulling of the flesh with pliers--
The skinning of the accused alive-- Quartering (in which the victims intestines
would be pulled from the body) and impaling, in which a stake would be hammered
through the victim’s body avoiding the vital organs, resulting in a slow death
that could last for hours or days.



A sharp iron fork was used to mangle breasts. Red hot pincers were used to tear
off flesh. Red hot irons were inserted up vaginas and rectums. A device named
the turcas was used to tear out fingernails. After the nails were ripped out
needles were shoved in. Boots called bootikens were used to lacerate flesh and
crush bone.


Thumbscrews were used to crush the fingers and toes. Acid was poured on victims
and hands were immersed into pots of boiling oil and water. Eyes were gouged out
by irons. Alcohol was poured on the head of the poor victim and set alight.
Water was poured down the victims throat with a knotted cloth. The cloth was
then jerked out tearing up the victims bowels.



There was no limit to the types and cruelty of the tortures. The inquisition
meant anything was allowed. The inquisitors were sadistic and mentally
disturbed. An "Inquisition" was supposed to be a legal inquiry by the church.

After the poor victims confessed to things they never did more torture was to
follow. On the way to the stake or gallows victims were flogged, burned, branded
and had their hands and tongues hacked off.

Fillippo Sassetti , an Italian merchant from Florence,  has chronicled
everything. He was the first European to learn Sanskrit. His views were NOT the
jaundiced views of a white man. Between 1578 and 1588 he had sent a huge number
of letters to the grand ducal court in Florence –all about the Portugese
inquisition and the Indian view point.



"The fathers of the Church forbade the Hindus under terrible penalties the use
"of their own sacred books, and prevented them from all exercise of their
"religion. They destroyed their temples, and so harassed and interfered with the
"people that they abandoned the city in large numbers, refusing to remain any
"longer in a place where they had no liberty, and were liable to imprisonment,
"torture and death if they worshipped after their own fashion the gods of their
"fathers. wrote Filippo Sassetti.( below )




A French traveller by the name of Dr.Charles Delone had got himself imprisoned
in the Sultan’s palace (1674-77) and saw things for himself . His observations
are in his book published in 1687 and is named "L’inquisition de Goa".  Charles
Delone was an eye witness to the atrocities, cruelty and reign of terror
unleashed by priests. He published a book in 1687 describing the lot of helpless
victims. While he was in jail, he had heard the cries of tortured people beaten
with instruments having sharp teeth.





Dr.Claudius Buchanan's  (above )  a Scotsman of the Church of England ,
witnessed some gruesome burning scenes in Great Hall of Goan Inquisition in
1608,  and wrote about the Portuguese Inquisition in 1812.


Voltaire wrote on the Portuguese Inquisition in Goa— Quote ” Goa est
malheureusement célèbre par son inquisition , également contraire à l'humanité
et au commerce. Les moines portugais firent accroire que le peuple adorait le
diable , et ce sont eux qui l'ont servi. (Goa is sadly famous for its
inquisition, equally contrary to humanity and commerce. The Portuguese monks
made us believe that the people worshiped the devil, and it is they who have
served him.)”.

Historian Alfredo de Mello described the Portuguese in Goa : Quote—“ nefarious,
fiendish, lustful, corrupt religious orders which pounced on Goa for the purpose
of destroying paganism (ie Hinduism) and introducing the true religion of
Christ”  Unquote.



In 2007, the Portuguese Government initiated a project to make available online
by 2010 a significant part of the archives of the Portuguese Inquisition
currently deposited in the Arquivo Nacional da Torre do Tombo, the Portuguese
National Archives


Traditional musical instruments were banned and only western music was allowed—
a tradition seen even today. A Goan Christian marriage MUST have a live band
playing pop music .




Now let me get back to our honouable saint Francis Xavier.

All over the world churches and schools are named after him . This temple
destroyer was canonized by the Vatican in 1622. ( but when the Taliban shot off
the Bamiyan Buddha,  they found it necessary to cry foul )

On 11th Dec 1553 , Xavier’s dead body was shipped from China to Goa.

The Pope’s  propaganda has caught on that viewing his dead embalmed body can
bring miraculous good fortune and can heal you of all your ailments. Why not? He
has converted more people to Christianity than any of Jesus’s disciples.



The "Vatican Poster boy's"  embalmed body lies in Goa and is exposed to the
public every 10 years—the last was in Dec 2002.  Two million of the faithful has
descended on Goa for a month.



The Vatican has been ignoring demands from the descendants of a Buddhist monk
for a DNA test --who claim that the body is of  a Sri Lankan monk .  The body
was switched after the arrogant Captain of the Portugese ship threw it
overboard. The monk had died due to consumption of a rare herb. The preserved
body of the monk was snatched by Portugese soldiers , dressed up in catholic
priest garb and brought to Goa. There is a witness to this-- Francis Xavier's
own converted servant he took from my hometown Calicut, by the name of
Christopher.

Xavier was a tall white man-- the body is of a small dark man . The bullshit
given is that his body was put in lime , in China-- so the great appearance
change. DNA test never lies!!

And lime does NOT convert white skin to a uniform brown texture!!!





In Hindu and Buddhist traditions , all are cremated.  Only liberated saints are
buried in salt and lime.





When India became independent in 1947, Goa remained under Portuguese control.
The Indian government of Nehru insisted that Goa, along with a few other minor
Portuguese holdings, be turned over to India. Portugal, however, refused.
France, which also had small enclaves in India ( Pondicherry ), gave them up. On
December 16, 1961, Indian troops crossed the border into Goa. Code named "
Operation Vijay ', the move involved sustained land, sea, and air strikes for
more than 36 hours; it resulted in the unconditional surrender of Portuguese
forces on 19 December.


A United Nations resolution condemning the invasion was proposed by the United
States and the United Kingdom in the United Nations Security Council, but it was
vetoed by the USSR.


Despite this Portugal tried sending their Navy ( with blessings of USA and UK )
—and President Nasser of Egypt promptly shut the Suez Canal.


Indians have still NOT forgotten such favours. Even today the mother language of
Konkani binds all the people of Goa.

How many of you know that Roman Italian Inquisition started only in 1545, with
the Indians in Goa, when Francis Xavier impressed on Pope Paul III, the urgent
need to punish the filthy pestilent Indians, worshiping evil back stones and
following false doctrines . The same Inquisition blinded Galileo in 1633.. All
under investigation had to wear a huge red X symbol on their dress .




It was Pope Paul III who restarted slavery in Rome , by repealing a timeless law
that slaves could claim their freedom at the Emperor's statue at Capitol hill .
After this all Muslims, man and woman , became slaves, automatically. This sick
man made his grandsons cardinals even before the age of 14.

Below is Francis Xavier, heeding the voice of GOD, to punish all the non-
believers.
********************************************************************************
TOMBSTONE EPITAPHS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL












SURROUNDED BY FUCK%NG IDIOTS!!!

ALL THINGS CONSIDERED I WOULD RATHER BE IN JHUMRITILAYYA!

I SHOULD HAVE HAD A SECOND OPINION , ON SECOND THOUGHTS!

I TOLD YOU I WAS SICK!!

CHEER UP, THE WORST IS YET TO COME!

THEY MISUNDERESTIMATED ME-- OR DID THEY?

WISH I HAD EATEN MORE PARANTHAS!!!

WHAT THE FU#K ARE YOU LOOKIN' AT?

OH GAWD, LOOK AT YOU!!

GO AWAY, I AM IN CONFERENCE!

IF I SAY NOTHIN', WILL YOU GO AWAY?

ALL THE GOOD ONES ARE TAKEN!

CHEER UP--THE WORST IS YET TO COME!

HERE LIES AN OLD SEADOG, HE LIVED LIFE HIS WAY!


Here's what you will find on mE tombstone --

ALL STORMS WEATHERED -  LIFE'S SEAS CROSSED

********************************************************************************
MEDITATION WITHOUT TEARS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





The purpose of meditation in modern times is to destress, to stop the
destructive mind chatter, for some time in a day,--  to STILL THE MIND.

WHEN YOU STILL YOUR MIND,  NO CHEMICALS ARE PRODUCED. The brain must not be
allowed to pump in destructive F&F ( fight & flight ) chemicals into your body,
which will shorten your life.

The reason why people remain mired in negativity is because of the beliefs they
have inherited over time. Beliefs are subconscious .

We can use our conscious mind to observe ,to introspect and dip into the
subconscious where our beliefs are embedded , in order to eliminate it. You can
meditate, to rewrite these negative programmes that cause you misery.

During meditation thinking is separated from perceiving, so that the individual
can stand apart from the emotional self.


Indians use meditation to purify the mind and gain insight. It was developed
during the vedic civilisation which flourished on the banks of Indian river
Saraswati around 9000 BC.


There is self observation and introspection ( which animals cannot do ) .Having
the advantage that it can be practised at any time in any place, it is usually
practised in a comfortable position with eyes closed, with complete relaxation
of all muscle groups.

The difference between prayer and meditation is that the former is a petition to
God, and the other is a detached observation of one's own mind, and its
processes, after squelching the 5 senses.


In the modern world, meditation is used as a non-religious technique for
relaxation and stress reduction. The spiritual aims are peace of mind, wisdom,
and, ultimately, a state of enlightenment or self-realization.


Chanting mantras are OK , if you find that the thoughts are too intrusive and
disturbing, and you are unable to banish them.  The idea is to stop
hyperventilating, and slow down your breathing.

You will never appreciate the power of mantras until you see a video of
cymatics— intricate patterns formed on sand/ water on a tonoscope. Your body is
mostly water.




Osho did meditation via the back door. Create a storm in a medium you like ( it
could be sex ) like frenzied dancing. After the storm, the peace comes by
itself. There is no need to run after it.


On the hectic chemical tankers I command, I have meditation via back door ,
every month ( raising vibrations by dancing vigorously to loud rock ). Then I
allow my crew 10 hrs continuous rest. Next day after a bath, all feel fresh like
babies.


You can hold your mind still by Pranayama or by lifting weights . Try thinking
when you lift weights.


THERE IS AN EASIER WAY TO STILL YOUR MIND—JUST PUT THE TIP OF YOUR TONGUE ON THE
UPPER PALATE AND TICKLE IT.

LATER YOU DON’T NEED TO TICKLE IT AT ALL.
********************************************************************************
PERFECT SIX PACK -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL INTERLOCKED IN FIBONACCI RATIO-







All males ( females too ) are obsessed with six pack rectus abdominus muscles.
This is a pack of 6 muscles between the solar plexus and navel.

By the way, there is nothing called 8 pack— which Aamir khan enthusiasts
propounded after Ghajini.

This six pack is NOT supposed to be aligned like a cadbury chocolate bar. Such
muscles don’t pack any brute strength. The perfect six pack is INTERLOCKED ( 2
rows )

This six pack is not supposed to be of equal size. Rather they must follow the
Fibonacci series. Muscles next to navel must be bigger than the muscles on top
underneath the solar plexus. If you hold your forefinger up, the length of the 3
bones of your finger follows this mystical series.

Now what is Fibonacci?

Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic
Mathematics, from the Arabs. He took this knowledge to Italy.


Fibonacci series was lifted from the work of the great Indian mathematician
Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru.  Indian Vedic rituals
depended on purity of utterance.  Later Indian mathematician Virahanka's work
was translated into Arabic in 600 AD.


The Vedic civilization, the oldest in the world --  flourished on the banks of
the river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC. The river dried up due to tectonic
shift at the Himalayan glacial mouth.

This Italian’s statue is there at the Pisa cathedral , next to the leaning
tower. This 12th century mathematician was the first to put this mysterious
series on paper in a European language. Every thing in this universe follows
this law.



Fibonacci series or sequence : 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233,
377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, ... (each number is the sum of the previous
two). The ratio of successive pairs is so- called golden section - 1.618033989 .
. . . .

Fibonacci was the first to introduce the Hindu-Arabic number system into Europe-
the system we now use today- based on ten digits with its decimal point and a
symbol for zero: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. and 0

Leonardo da Vinci painted Mona Lisa's face to fit perfectly into a golden
rectangle, and structured the rest of the painting around similar rectangles.
All parts of the human body are proportional to the golden ratio. If your face
is in this ratio you are said to be beautiful.

A golden rectangle is a rectangle whose side lengths are in the golden ratio, 1:
1.618. whose reciprocal is 0.618033989 . . . . . so that we have 1/G = 1 + G.

Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the
Indian Sri Yantra based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 8000 BC --see
video below.

 


The golden ratio is lifted from the mystic Vaastu geometry of Sri Yantra of
Indian Vedic times 10,000 years ago.  The Sri Yantra is the basis of the great
Egyptian pyramids.  Sri Yantra contains the theory of everything.

This ratio is seen in the branches of plants , formation of petals , distances
between planets, credit card, the Christian cross, in seashell spirals, the
galaxy vortex, nebulae of every living thing, including a single cell, a grain
of wheat, a hive of bees--- breeding of animals, curves of waves , sonatas of
Mozart , the DNA molecule and even all of mankind.

Our navels are placed at .618 of our bodies.

The Fibonacci spirals and their occurrence in plants, from pine cones and
pineapples to sunflowers, have always fascinated mathematicians, physicists and
biologists, but they are still an enigma.

Enigma because even the bulls and bears of stock market and gambling tables
follow this mysterious pattern-

The Golden Ratio is thus a universal law in which is contained the ground-
principle of all formative striving for beauty and completeness in the realms of
nature art, structures, forms and proportions, whether cosmic or individual,
organic or inorganic, acoustic or optical—and of course in the perfect human
form.
 

getting back—

AN INTERLOCKED SIX PACK IN FIBONACCI SEQUENCE IS WHERE BEAUTY AND STRENGTH LIES.
EVERYBODY DOES NOT HAVE IT!

--- and next time on the roulette table , or while speculating -- remember what
--- I said--


 




Let me quote Wikipedia -- QUOTE  Acharya Hemachandra, following the earlier
Gopala, presented an earlier version of the Fibonacci sequence. It was presented
around 1150 AD, about fifty years before Fibonacci (1202 AD). He was considering
the number of cadences of length n, and showed that these could be formed by
adding a short syllable to a cadence of length n − 1, or a long syllable to one
of n − 2. This recursion relation F(n) = F(n − 1) + F(n − 2) is what defines the
Fibonacci sequence. UNQUOTE

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
A NOBEL PRIZE AND KNIGHTHOOD FOR TAGORE-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



A GRATEFUL ENGLAND BESTOWED THE NOBEL PRIZE IN LITERATURE ON A SERVILE INDIAN
POET RABINDANATH TAGORE IN 1913.





FOR HE WROTE A FAMOUS APPLE POLISHER -- OUR NATIONAL ANTHEM --

Jana Gana Mana Adhinayaka Jaya He Bharat Bhagya Vidhata

Punjab Sindh Gujarat Maratha Dravida Utkala Banga Vindhya Himachal Yamuna Ganga

Ucchala Jaladhi Taranga Tubh Shubha Name Jage Tubh Shubha Ashisha Mange Gahe
Tubh Jaya Gata

Jan Gan Mangaldayak Jay He Bharat Bhagya Vidhata Jaye He ! Jaye He ! Jaye He !
Jaye,Jaye,Jaye,Jaye He "

Thou are the ruler of the minds of all people, dispenser of India's destiny.

The name rouses the hearts of Punjab, Sind, Gujurat and Maratha. Of the Dravid
and Orissa and Bengal.

It Echoes in the hills of Vindhyas and Himalayas, mingles in the music of Yamuna
and Ganga and is chanted by the waves of the Indian Sea.

They pray for your blessing and sing thy praise.

The salvation of all people is thy hand, thou dispenser of India's destiny.

Victory, Victory, Victory to thee.

( For this great effort they knighted him in 1915)

It was originally composed to be sung to King George V, when he was bestowed the
imperial crown of India - this has been officially researched .

King George V and the Queen of England visited India in 1911. The poem was sung
in the convention which was presided by the newly crowned King George V.

The Gateway of India was built to commemorate the visit of King George V and
Queen Mary to Bombay, PRIOR to the Delhi Durbar in December 1911.

It is etched on the monument--"Erected to commemorate the landing in India of
their Imperial Majesties King George V and Queen Mary on the Second of December
MCMXI.

Tagore was made Fellow of Royal society in 1920.

All firsts for a brown skinned man. The British despised the brown skinned man
--but this was their kind of brown skinned man.

Digression : The English speakin' white man looked down upon the brown man-- as
he could not stretch his brains. Today --after the advent of the IT revolution
and the computer age --they have changed their opinion.  To an Indian thinking
clearly is easier than breathing-- that is why India was the worlds first
civilisation in 9500 BC when Europe was still under the ice age.








I have dedicated a post to Dwarakendranath Tagore,  Rabindranath Tagore's drug
runner grandfather who pushed Rothschild's opium.

Punch into Google search- OPIUM DRUG RUNNING TAGORE FAMILY  VADAKAYIL

M#ni Sh#nkar Aiyer ( the Cambridge communist ) keeps talking about about
seamless boundaries ( the Zionist one world government propaganda basically ).

He quotes with great elan, Rabindranath Tagore’s Gitanjali poem, about unwalled
horizons.

This poem below was written by YB Yeats and NOT Tagore.  It was reverse
translated to Bengali, later .

Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high; Where knowledge is
free; Where the world has not been broken up into fragments by narrow domestic
walls; Where words come out from the depth of truth; Where tireless striving
stretches its arms towards perfection; Where the clear stream of reason has not
lost its way into the dreary desert sand of dead habit; Where the mind is led
forward by thee into ever-widening thought and action--- Into that heaven of
freedom, my Father, let my country awake.

This poem is incongruent to Rabindranath Tagore’s style of poetry.  It stands
out like a sore thumb from the rest of his poetry—  and this is the UNIQUE style
of William Butler Yeats .
  
It is said that this small Bengali poem appeared in the volume Naivedya (July
1901)—all bull.  This small poem first appeared as poem 35 in the English
Gitanjali, published by the India Society, London, in 1912.

German Jew Rothschild’s  agent German Jew William Rothenstein too Rabindranath
Tagore with him to London in 1912..  Tagore stayed in Rothenstein’s home.

In 1917, Tagore read out the English version, (then titled 'Indian Prayer') at
the Indian National Congress session in Calcutta on request from Rothschild.

Tagore lost his poems in London on the Northern Line; but he “managed” to
retrieve it from Lost Property thanks to his Jew host.

SIR William Rothenstein called Yeats to meet Rabindranath Tagore to Yeats on
27th June 1912 Yeats and Tagore then set to work together editing the list of
poems . Yeats wrote a stirring introduction for Gitanjali—why NOT ?

He was also neck deep in this work. Gitanjali, originally published by the India
Society, was quickly taken up by Macmillan, Yeats’s publisher.

American Ezra Weston Loomis Pound , a Rothschild’s peer review agent was a
kingmaker when it came to poets and writer.  He is the popshot who made  T. S.
Eliot, James Joyce, Robert Frost ,Ernest Hemingway etc famous.

He wrote to Harriet Monroe, editor of the Rothschild controlled Chicago magazine
Poetry, and made sure  Gitanjali was reprinted ten times in nine months. When
Tagore visited the United States in 1913, Rothschild controlled the press
greeted him as “the creator of a new age in literature”.

In November , the same year he won the Nobel Prize, the first non-European to
receive the award. Rabindranath Tagore dedicated his Nobel Prize winner poetry
collection Gitanjali to William Rothenstein.

Tagore expressed his gratitude to Yeats’s “contribution” to the English
Gitanjali,.  Ezra Pound later spent his Christmas in Yeat’s home at Sussex.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
KERALA , A BRIEF HISTORY OF PARADISE ON EARTH -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL GODS OWN
COUNTRY — CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

















Arabs called Kerala Khair Allah, the land blessed by god. The term " Gods own
country" is derived from this.

However Emperor Ashoka referred to this place as Keralaputra . The state tourism
department likes to say that it is because of KERA , the coconut tree.

Islam did not come here by the sword, like the rest of India , but by trade.
Also Muhammad the Prophets disciple Malik Ibn Dinar had come to Kerala. This is
the reason the Gulf countries love to employ , their "once upon a time
benefactors" , the Mayaleees.

I am from the land of Kerala , on the SW coast of India , just 80 miles in width
of mostly naturally reclaimed land between the western ghat mountains and the
sea -- also known as gods own country or the land of plenty.

I was born in Calicut , where Vasco da Gama landed up in 1498 on Kappad beach..

National Geographic has placed it in the top five of most beautiful spots on
earth considering-- her lush landscapes with a thousand hues, idyllic backwaters
, lagoons, swaying palm trees , azure blue skies,  zephyr breezes and sun
drenched golden beaches -- are a sight for the sore eyes..

Western tourists say that in Kerala they are not cheated-- probably due to the
high education rate and innate intelligence.

If you visit a temple in Kerala , you are left alone. Try going to any north
Indian temple, and check out how many people including Pandas ( priests ) try to
fleece you.

I remember when my ship docked at Aruba, we went ashore . While driving to the
Riviera past cacti dotted wilderness , my wife kept asking me , " When are we
reaching Aruba? " .  I said " Baby, we are right here in Aruba.  All they have
is blue sea and white sand ,  what are your expecting?  a super Kerala ? " .

At home when i open the front door in the morning twilight,  i can see hundreds
of multi coloured birds, with a resounding orchestra of twitter , swooping on
the flower nectar , before the crows wake up and set up a cacophony. Our door
bell is a jarring electric clanging bell-- we just cant put the modern
electronic sweet bird tweeters , as we get confused.

In Singapore where i stayed for 5 months, you can see swank artificial ( almost
plastic ) gardens , lawns and parks without birds, bees, butterflies and
squirrels. Imagine , they do manual pollination. Sorry- nature refuses to be
cheated.

Many of Kerala’s social indicators are the best on the planet and the state has
the highest human development index in India. The people here have extraordinary
political awareness , social consciousness and elected the first communist
government on the planet.

Since there has been mixing of blood for centuries, some girls here are fair and
far prettier and full blooded than Aishwarya Rai. Of course they would not putt
micro mini chaddi and parade in front of strange males and lisp bull in a Miss
World contest-- that as soon as the function is over they plan to join mother
Theresa's merry band and wash the sores of them lepers.

So we have an ex-tailor as our chief minister and a militant union labourer from
a closed down Calicut factory Gwalior Rayons as our industries minister. A wax
statue of Saddam Hussain in Trivandrum museum gets a lot of westerner tourists
pissed off.

The people here are tolerant and communal riots do not happen here while the
rest of India burns. The Hindu/ Muslim/ Christian percentage is 57/ 23/ 20 . In
this state the language bonds. A muslim Malayali wont go to Dubai and identify
with a Arab muslim in a bhai bhai type manner. Rather he will gel with another
Malayali whether he is a Hindu or a Christian.

Malayalis do have attitude problems and all have a point to prove. So strikes
and bandhs are commonplace. I do not like to have holidays in Kerala , where
even the hotel waiter tries to prove by his body language that he is superior to
you. But when they go abroad they lose their aggro and work like slaves. Kerala
has a remittance economy and 80% of its GDP is from workers abroad.

Survival in a lush land like Kerala is not a problem-- clothing and shelter is
not an issue here. Food is plenty is the form of fish, bananas, tapioca, yam,
terrific seasonal fruits, edible green leaves, edible roots , coconut etc.

I once told my Chief officer from frozen Murmansk " In my home place i can sleep
under a tree naked throughout the year " , and watched him turn green out of
jealousy.  And one day by mistake i told him, that it rains 5 months in a year.
Immediately he whooped in jubilation " This means you cant sleep under a tree
!!"

There is no hero worship out here. You cant have MGRs and NTRs here.

When you see a crowd in a shamiana it could be a funeral or a wedding, unlike
north India where the gleeful balle balle or woeful cries can be heard far away.
So if adults especially teachers act in such a frivolous manner as in the video
below, it is most unusual.


A lower caste Malayali will say ILLA for NO. A higher caste Malayali will say
ILLYA in a rubbing it in sort of manner. So quintessential Malayalis are famous
for putting Y's liberally while speaking English. I Yam what i Yam type.
Palindrome MALAYALAM can be spelt both ways .

A true Malayali also cannot put his O in the proper place. So instead of saying
" my goggles are broken" he will say " my googles are broaken" .

A true Malayali will use a thorthu ( guaze type absorbent bath towel ) and eat
boiled rice, no matter where he stays .

Unlike the rest of India Keralites do not celebrate Diwali. Unlike the rest of
India there are no clusters of houses called villages. Houses are uniformly
spread all over the land--of course cities have more density. It is the only
state in India where women outnumber men.

Kerala had the most rigid and mindlessly cruel caste system. The brahmin
Namboodiris would keep their own women virgins ( called Antharjanams , most of
them look as insipid as last nights dinner leftovers , in any case ) and would
fornicate with other caste women-- by law.


Low caste women could not cover their breasts in public. Low caste people could
drink tea only from coconut shell . In 1893 a daring low caste man Ayyankali (
martial art kalari expert ) was the first to break the shackles and take his
bullock cart with big brass bells clanging , through a public road. He was also
the first to start a school for low caste children. Mahatma Gandhi was so
impressed he came all the way to Kerala to meet Ayyankali.

Here is a true joke. A namboodiri ( brahmin ) was wading though a flooded paddy
field. Since lesser mortals could not step into the same water body, all were
waiting for him to pass, respectfully maintaining the allowed distance. When the
namboodiri saw a husband standing with his attractive wife, he hiked his mundu a
wee bit upward, as a result his huge hydrocealed balls popped from underneath.
He poses a loaded question to the husband -" Ithe entha? ( what is this ? ). The
man replies " athe TRIKUNNA! ( majesty, that is your honourable nay venerable ,
balls )"

Today Kerala is the least caste conscious. And poor slothful Namboodiris who had
taken advantage of all since 4000 BC, because they knew Sanskrit ( high
literature Malayalam is more or less Sanskrit ) , lead poverty stricken lives
dreaming of past glory and hubris.


Namboodiri's and Bhattatiris' claims of superior intelligence , which they have
been crying over roof tops for centuries , goes for a toss,  as hardly a
Namboodiri boy or girl passes the highly competitive IIT entrance exam.
Statistics don't lie. All of them do appear for the entrance exam , which
require superior brains , and fail.  A Namboodiri man has blunt features , is
not broad shouldered or firm limbed. A Namboodiri man can never ever make a mark
in sports competitions or games. They are stuck with their DNA and genes.


There are NIL Namboodiris in Palghat district. Many hundreds of years ago, the
Palghat king fell in love with a low caste woman and decided to marry her. None
of the Namboodiris were willing to solemnize the remony. To add injury to insult
they also said if the king marries this girl, they will not do any important
poojas in the temples. The king was in a bind, till he was assured secretly by
the Tamilian Brahmins that they would do the ceremonies .The king got pissed off
and kicked all of them out, from where they migrated to the Payyannur area. The
king then invited these astute Tamilian Brahmins to Palghat who were more than
happy to be amidst fantastic greenery and clean water  and stay in comfortable
agraharams. These are the forefathers of the Seshan types , who know how to
manipulate and pull levers.

The Edakkal caves in Wayanad district has rock carvings 12000 years old.  It
contains a wheel too along with animals and birds. Very few places in the world
has such old carvings.


The worlds first civilization was at the Saraswati river banks from 9000 BC to
4000 BC when the river suddenly dried up, due to tectonic shifts blocking the
Himalayan glacier, making the river non-perrennial. Rig veda written in 5000 BC
does NOT talk about Indus valley civilization or the Ganges, as propounded by
Vatican stooge and British East India company plant , Max Mueller . Rig veda
refers only to river Saraswati.


When the river dried up the elite migrated all over to Europe, Mesopotamia
,Russia, west coast of India till Kerala.


During the reign of King Vikramaditya in 7000 BC, the people of Kerala called
Thirayyar ( sea warriors ) did trade with the Island of Crete.  The patron saint
of the Kerala Thirayyars  is  Rishi Therayar , the first disciple of Maharishi
Agastya . Agastya , the greatest of the Sapt Rishis, also famous as the first of
the Siddhas , who also founded the Kalari Payattu art of fighting.

There was a great tectonic shift and volcanic activity in 5000 BC ,  and then
trade was abandoned. Some settled down in Judea. They lived on the seaward side
of Western Ghats of Kerala while the Malayyars being highlanders lived on the
landwards side. Today these people are called Thiyyas in Kerala, with a
matrilineal society which rest of India did NOT have.. Till Parashurama came
there did not do Vedic worship. Today their Tantric worship forms called Theyyam
can be seen in some temples of Kerala.



Warrior saint Parashurama came from this Saraswati river banks to Kerala in 4100
BC and reclaimed Kerala from the sea by throwing his axe as per legend. He is
the sage who installed all the Dhanwantari idols and the Ayyappa idol at
Sabarimala hillock , which has the 2nd largest congregation of pilgrims on this
planet. He also gave us Karali, our martial art.




In 4000 BC Prince Arjuna came to Kerala to make arrows from rosewood and pray at
Kadampuzha temple.

As early as 3000 BC the Phoenicians traded with Kerala for Cinnamon and
sandalwood. Later by 600 BC the Arabs became middlemen and monopolized the
lucrative trade.





Arabs built their civilizations by being parasites and middlemen of Kerala
goodies and mathematics – riches came pouring in. Cinnamon was more expensive
than gold.

The Egyptian Pharoahs wanted Malabar Cinnamon or Karampatta ( not lesser Cassia
) for embalming themselves after death and trade flourished.  It is NO great
mystery to us, who his architects were!. the great pyramid has an angle of 51
deg 49 min 38.25 sec--the same as our 6000 year old Hindu symbol Sri Yantra.
Also why the great pyramid has the same golden pi/ phi  ratio of 1.618033989 (
Fibonacci ratio )


The pictures of the great Pyramid chief architect ( a man  of highest hierarchy
with the Pharoah ) are seen in British museum and in Western museums. See the
picture below. Th U shape on his forehead and arms are Vaishavite ( Lord Vishnu
is the protector , has it on his forehead)




The greatest son of Kerala is Adi Sankaracharya who lived in 2000 BC. He was a
seer ,intellectual, philosopher, scholar and poet. He was born in Kaladi of
Kerala. He mastered the Vedas written in 5000 BC, at the tender age of five. He
wrote the Brahmasutra Bhasya on Upanishads and Gita.

To place him later in history by 2800 years the British in collusion with Tamil
Iyers made a cock and bull story. That while on the banks of the river Narmada,
he saved Guru Govinda Bhagawatpad from drowning in a cave, while in Samadhi.
That a grateul Govinda initiated him into Sanyas and taught him the four
Mahavakyas – Tat tvamasi, Prajnanam Brahma, Aham Brahmasmi and Ayamatma Brahma.

The first integrator of Hindu India, he established four mathas ( mutts ) in
four directions of the country – Jyotirmath in North, Govardhan Math at Puri in
east, Shringeri Matha in Karnataka in south and Dwarika math in Gujarat in west
and established Kanchi Kamakoti Peetham at Kanchi as his abode. Shankara lived
for only 32 years and died at Kanchipuram.  He also composed 240 stotras,
prakaran granthas, introductory books such as .Upadesh Sahasri, Vivek Chudamani,
Aparokshanubhuti etc., in all eighty books in number. He introduced the
tradition of Naam Karan in Hinduism ( ceremony for naming a baby )



Around 965 BC , King Solomon ( of Queen Sheba fame AND son of David  ) used
Cinnamon to reduce his MO and BO ( after all he had 700 wives and hundreds of
mistresses by rotation -- and no soap or Wriggleys ) . He used Cinnamon oil to
perfume his bed as an aphrodisiac . He used Sandalwood and Rosewood for his
palace staircase.




6000 years before Solomon was born, Emperor Vikramaditya , the great Indian
Aryan king of kings, ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to Cambodia, pretty much the
same way queen Victoria ruled all the commonwealth countries. But there was a
difference -- Vikramaditya was a GIVER ( laws, navigation, medicine, language
etc ) and hence he was welcomed and loved , while Queen Victoria and party only
stole and TOOK and was hated.

In 3900 BC , Imhotep ( a Maharshi from Kerala of Brighu clan ) was urgently
summoned by carrier hawk message to block a huge sinkhole -- with Sphinx.

King David's mistress and Solomon's mother Bathsheba was from Kerala. And so was
Queen Sheba who went from Calciut via Salalah Oman with presents of Cinnamon,
Aloe vera ( Frankinscenec ), live peacocks, sandalwood, ivory etc


Solomon send his own ships made of Malabar teak . No wonder his official seal of
star of David with inscription , is in Malayalam, its picture is in Madame
Blavatskys book. . Malayalam was given to Kerala by warrior sage Parashurama in
4000 BC. The 6 point star is a Dravidian symbol. All of Kerala are Dravidians.
This star is there on our temple pillars, older than Solomon.

When the pyramids were built 5000 years ago, NOBODY on this planet including the
Egyptians has the technology to find the exact North East South West cardinal
positions of Vaastu.

Nobody on the planet had an idea what is sun's declination or Kepler’s
precession via astronomy . The geographic and the magnetic poles are NOT the
same. The North pole is 1600 miles away and the south pole is 2570 kilometers
away.

The ancient Kerala sailors sailed to Socotra and Aquaba and Basra using a
compass of magnetised fish blade floating on light oil floating on water. This
is symbolised by Arjun shooting into the eye of the fish to win Draupadi in 4000
BC.


To the sceptic who wonders whether I have replaced one set of max Mueller lies
with another bigger one—pl note.  When Hindus are born their horoscopes are
made. Every Indian Hindu does it. Mine was engraved on a palm leaf. My sons’
horoscopes are in a notebook. The horoscope gives the navagrahas and rashis. For
Sri Rama of Ramayana who fought with Ravana in 4000 BC, his horoscope gives
position of different planets vis-a-vis zodiac constellations and nakshatras
(visible stars) were: i) Sun in Aries; ii) Saturn in Libra; iii) Jupiter in
Cancer; iv) Venus in Pisces; v) Mars in Capricorn; vi) Lunar month of Chaitra;
vii) Ninth day after no moon; viii) Lagna as Cancer (cancer was rising in the
east); ix) Moon on the Punarvasu (Gemini constellation & Pllux star). Max
Mueller had no such information, nor will he ever understand all this.

Jews from Jerusalem came here in 721 BC ( Assyrian invation ) and settled in
Mattancherry, Kochi.

By 600 BC Nebuchadnazzar used Malabar teak in the Moon Attur temple .

In 587 BC Nebuchadnazzar destroyed the Temple of Solomon after a 2 year siege of
Jerusalem, --fearing slavery, shiploads of Jews landed at Calicut, and settled
at Cochin.


Pingala was a Mathematician from Kerala in the 3rd century BC who wrote the
Sanskrit book Chandah Shastra which first used Zero and the binary system . 1600
years later Fibonacci , whom the west consider as one of the top 10
mathematicians of the planet , lifted wholesale from this book of Vedic
mathematics.   The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden
Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to
five decimal places is 1.618033989 ).

In the 5th century AD Bodhi Dharma who taught Kalari ( later Kung Fu ) went to
Shaolin temple in China to teach martial arts to the monks .

Allow me to fly off on the Aryabhatta tangent --


Aryabhatta ( 2700 BC ) one of the top 5 mathematicians ever , lived in Kerala as
his astronomical calculations used a latitude near Calicut. If you say on April
14th and August 23rd , the sun was exactly overhead , it means that particular
day the declination of the sun is the same as the latitude 11 deg 16 min N of
the place you stay. ( sun travelling from equator to tropic of cancer and back,
due to tilting of earths axis )

Biharis love to claim Aryabhatta as their own. It is like ivy league Cornell
university trying to claim my son is American . Of course he had gone there to
present his thesis at Nalanda university in Patna and also use their
observatory.

Aryabhatta was the first to calculate Pi of 3.1416 and the solar year of 365.358
days . He propounded a heliocentric universe  4000 years before Copernicus, with
elliptically orbiting planets and a spherical earth spinning on its axis
explaining the motion of the heavens. He was the father of plane / spherical
Trigonometry and Algebra, when Europe was in the dark ages.. Today you don't see
this pioneers name in the list of top 100 mathematicians.

Aryabhatta was the first to compute the circumference of the earth, with an
error of just 64 miles.. Aryabhatta gave a method to find the cube root of
numbers and dealt with arithmetic,geometric and indeterminate equations in
algebra. He dealt with square,cube, triangle, trapezium, circle and sphere in
geometry. He was called Arjehir by the Arabs.


Poor Galileo did a Aryabhatta 4 millineums years later , that the earth is round
and circles the sun , and the church blinded him , so that he can never look
into another telescope .


Isaac Newton was NOT the father of Calculus, as the British love to boast . He
stole everything from a mathematician of the Kerala school of Mathematics ,
Parameshwaran who wrote several books on Modern Calculus 200 years before
Newton, including Drigganita.



In 300 BC Indian emperor Ashoka talked about Kerala in his writings.

Jesus Christ was at Calicut for 3 years learning Astrology, meditation, healing,
dowsing before he went to visit pyramids in Egypt with Mary Magdalene . He then
suddenly burst upon the scene at Jerusalem, upsetting everybody .

Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (727 BC
to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India.

The disciple of Plato Aristotle did NOT come to India , but he had very clearly
written that Jews originated from Kerala in India.  Aristotle wrote that Jews
came from KALANI in India.  He has written that Kalani was famous for their
raised Kundalini sages ( maharishis ).  These are the same sages who built the
Egyptian pyramids.

Alexander the great went back from India via Socotra by ship, to get some life
saving Aloe Vera which was a spice trade outpost of Calicut King,  like Mecca
and Salalah .

This is the reason why King David took a wife from Kerala named Bath Sheba. King
Solomon took a wife from Kerala named whom all call Queen Sheba.

Jesus Christ took a wife from Kerala named Mary Magdalene.  All know that Jesus
Christ suddenly sprung up at Jerusalem from nowhere.  He was in Kerala India,
learning healing, meditation, science, philosophy etc.



By 45 AD a ship wrecked Malayali gave to Eudoxus , a Greek ship captain the
secrets of Arabian sea monsoon wind and current patterns to the Mediterranean
world. Very soon Augustus Caesar had his soldiers in Kerala.

St Thomas ( of doubting fame ) landed here in 52 AD to build a church for the
Jews who were already here—Babylon exodus from Assyrian emperor Nebuchadnezzar .
He had a look at the 5000 year old black idol at Guruvayoor. He was the only one
of 12 disciples who went to foreign lands. He had imagination, that he why he
wanted to see Jesus's wound after resurrection and even touch it . Probably
there were Criss Angel prototypes those days.

By the way Queen Sheba, Bathsheba and Mary Magdalene --all dusky skinned long
haired beauties, are from Kerala and they went to Jerusalem from Calicut.

Of course St Peter went to Vatican. By the way out of the 12 disciples only St
John dies of natural causes, rest all had unnatural deaths. Kerala christians
are very much senior to their western counterparts.

Within a few years 10000 jews by 72 AD fled from the persecution of Roman
Emperor Titus and landed here. More jews landed after 135 AD due to the Judean
Bar Kokhba war.

Today there are about 4000 Indian Jews in the promised land of milk and honey ,
Israel . I have seen these wretched souls when my Chemical tanker used to trade
a Ashdod, Akko, Haifa ( where I signed off ) and during my journies to Jerusalem
and Tel Aviv . These Indian brown sahibs , 2nd class citizens out there ,
pretend to be very happy. JEWS HAVE NEVER BEEN PERSECUTED IN INDIA UNLIKE THE
REST OF THE WORLD .

How come all the people , all over the world, were wrong about jews all the
time?? --or did they have a point about their inherent selfishness ??-- about
the quintessential " pound of flesh" Fagin, Shylock etc. In 1947, when India
became independent, as per the census there were 2400 Jews around a synagogue at
Mattacherry ( Cochin ) in Kerala. All of the could speak perfect Malayalam, but
still observed their customs including Sabbath and passover feast.

By 345 AD 400 Nasrani Syrian Christians landed here for refuge in 3 ships along
with Mar Joseph— a bishop and settled down a Kodungalloor... till the Portugese
destroyed their settlements.

In 520AD, Bodh Dharma taught the Chinese Kungfu-- our 6000 year olf martial art
Kalari.




In 643 AD , the favourite disciple of Mohammed the Prophet,  Malik-Ibn -Dinar
came to Calicut , with a letter from Kerala King Cheraman Peruman who went to
see the uncle of Mohammed ( the priest  from his Calicut court -  who was in
charge of the Shiva temple at Mecca Oasis and his in-charge at the trading post
to Jerusalem/ Petra ) , and uncle of Mohammed . Cheraman died on his way back
and his body is buried at Salalah , Oman.    Cheraman met Mohmmed too, as per
Ibn Batuta's accounts. Ibn Battuta was a Moroccan traveller who was a Qazi at
the Calicut King's court in 1344 AD .

In 1433 AD the great Chinese Admiral Zheng He dies in Calicut. His tomb was
destroyed by the British -not-- the Portuguse. His fleet had Chinese junk ships,
600 feet long  10 times the size of Vasco da Gama's ships. He made 7 trips to
Calicut. This is why in several ancient tharavadus in Calicut there are Ming
Lanterns, still looking brand new.

Columbus sailed out from Huelva for Calicut and instead lost his way and
discovered America. In 1498 AD Vasco da Gama landed at Kappad beach. He thought
of bowling over the sophisticated Malayalees who wore silk diamonds, and gold
with coloured glass and beads, like how he impressed the ignorant blacks of
Africa, and came a cropper .

Glass HA-- wrong number ! Ancient Indian Vimanas as per Vimanaka Shastra of 5000
BC had heat resistant sodalime glass containers to hold mercury . Our
Mahabharata wax palace of 4000 BC, where Draupadi made fun of Duryodhana , had
transparent glass windows. The Univeristy of Taxila of 3000 BC had a text Vedic
text Shatapata Brahmana . This university had 10500 seats for world students
were available as long as they were more than the age of 16. Students came from
as far as Mesopotamia, Greece, Syria, Arabia , Russia, Thailand and China. Our
ancient kings placed water filled globe glasses to magnify written texts.

India was the only source of diamonds on this planet from 150 years ago.

Little did he know that when the white man lived in caves, doing grunt grunt for
speech , wore hides and ate raw meat, these people live in pucca stone houses ,
wrote poems , wore silk n diamonds and ate cooked delicacies from a menu . He
introduced Pirangi Punnu ( foreign sore ) or Syphilis to Kerala.

Vasco da Gama's soldiers started stealing Pepper vines and secreted it away on
their ships for planting it in Portugal. When Zamorin was told about this he
smirked and remarked " Well , they may be able to steal our Pepper vines, but
there is no way the can steal our Thiruvathira Jnattuvela" ( the hot rainy
monsoon season from June to August when the sun goes overhead to tropic of
cancer and back ).

I had visited Vasco da Gama's swank gold tomb at Lisbon in dec 1978, when my
ship , vlcc koyali did drydocks at Lisnave shipyard . He died of Malaria and was
first buried at Kochi for 15 years.


In 1542 St Francis Xavier was busy with the Paravar community ( pearl divers )
trying to convert them to Christianity. In those days pearls were the equivalent
to oil. The queen of Portugal loved pearls.

After being a psuedo brown sahib, wearing Kanth Langot ( neck tie ) and eating
with churi/ kanta ( fork and knife ) for a fair part of my life at sea , i feel
very comfortable and proud when i wear a MUNDU ( white dhothi ) to local
functions and eat coconut milk flavoured yummy dishes from a banana tree leaf
with my fingers .

SLURP--BURP-- SMACK-- PRRRR

PS-  1)  4 nos green pictures are of akash ganga, my home in Calicut, Kerala 2)
waterfalls is at Vazhachal Athirapalli ( 2nos )         3)  the guy with obscene
biceps below , is "yours truly".
********************************************************************************
RASPUTIN AND HIS WART -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



RASPUTIN AND HIS MIGHTY DONG  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Wikepedia has devoted one entire chapter to Rasputin’s mighty dong. ( Subject:
Rasputin’s penis )

Now, I am sure they would not do that unless it was an important subject.

When my ship went to St Petersberg , my Chief officer and Third officer (
Russians ) who had passed out from the St. Petersberg Marine academy, told me
that Rasputin’s preserved dong was exhibited in the museum in a glass jar.




I was too busy that day , discharging liquid chemicals and could not go ashore.
However I saw a photograph of the pickled member.

Rasputin was powerful even in death.

All childless women thought a dekko would make them fertile and bless them with
children. The 13 inch monstrous wonder kept upside down floating in a
preservative , was gaped at by both men and women.

His daughter Maria had vouched that Rasputin had made love to hundreds of women
from the tender age of 13 when he was first seduced by girls in his village.
Whenever he deflowed a virgin he would keep a lock of her hair. Several boxes of
hairs including love letters from the Czarina Aleksandra were found when his
house was pulled down in 1977.



A king sized WART on his huge dong is said to be the reason why women found him
irresistible and some used to faint out of sheer pleasure.

Filipinos with tiny dongs implant BOLITAS ( metal balls ) into their foreskins .
Usually when I greet a new Filipino junior officer on my ship , one of the
questions would be “ How may bolitas? “ . It never fails to produce a giggle
along with the requisite information “ Only two sir! ”.


Poor Gregory Efimovich Rasputin. He cured the Czar’s ( Nicholas 2) only 4 year
old heir of a incurable disease in 1908. He was a clairvoyant and gave good
advise to the Czarina.





He was physically tough. He had Mithridatism and could resist poisons.

As early as 320 BC Indian king Chandra Gupta Maurya had his personal bodyguard
regiment of beautiful , young Vishakanyas who were immune to poison. This female
variety could kill you if you made love to them. Probably the Vishapurush only
got you addicted.







                
My Russian officers and crew told me many tales. Rasputin had predicted that he
would be killed.

The Prince who killed Rasputin ( Felix Yusupov ) on Dec 17th 1916 , was gay . He
enticed Rasputin to his house using his gorgeous wife Irena as a bait ( she was
not present actually ).


First he tried to poison Rasputin with Potassium Cyanide in the wine and cakes
all the while playing Yankee Doodle Dandee on the guitar.



When that did not work he was clubbed till his eye balls popped with metal
dumbbells, his thick skull still did not crack.

Finding him still alive they shot him damaging his liver and kidneys . After
sometime Felix approached him to check if he was dead and Rasputin suddenly
tried to strangle him . He was again clubbed to submission and castrated . Then
they tied him up, rolled him up in a carpet and was dropped into the frozen Neva
river through a hole in the surface ice.




Three days later his body was found at another hole in the ice, with hand free
and facing upwards. The postmortem showed water in the lungs. He died of
Hypothermia , not drowning.




After the February revolution his body was cremated. While his body was being
burned he appeared to suddenly sit up horrifying all bystanders , many running
helter skelter , adding to the legend ( contracted tendons and Rigor Mortis ).

Even now all say that Rasputins power over women was due to his piercing eyes.




Over some Stolchinaya Vodka , my Russian officers assure me – “ It was not the
hypnotic eyes , but the KING SIZED WART on his gigantic dong under his cassock
“.

I am constrained to say “ AYE”!

Epilogue:  Enough of fake history--

Rasputin was murdered in a plot hatched by rogue members of the British Secret
Service funded by Rothschild  – with a fatal shot fired at close range by Secret
Agent Oswald Rayner.




Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
CULTURAL WISDOM -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL FOR ISLAMIC CULTURE BAITERS—




PEOPLE WITH STONES IN THEIR COUNTRY ( FOR MAKING RESTRAINING JAILS ) MUST NOT
EXPECT PEOPLE WHO LIVE IN SANDY DESERTS IN FLIMSY TENTS TO FOLLOW THEIR WAY OF
LIFE LAWS--  IN THE DESERT THEIR GOLD AND CHASTITY OF DAUGHTERS WERE AT STAKE—

HARSH LIMB CHOPPIN’ DETERRENTS MADE HUGE SENSE.



  
PEOPLE WHO CAN KILL A CAMEL AND KEEP IT IN A FRIDGE ROOM AND EAT OFF IT FOR 2
MONTHS -- MUST NOT MAKE LAWS FOR DESERT BEDOUINS , WHO MUST EXCLUDE HEART PUMPED
BLOOD BY HALAL --  OR THE CARCASS ROTS SAME DAY IN EXTREME HEAT --

DON'T BITCH ABOUT CRUELTY--  IT IS ABOUT SURVIVAL--

NO CAMEL MEANS-- DEATH OF A DESERT RACE !







PEOPLE WHO HAVE MALE / FEMALE RATIO AT A COMFORTABLE 1:1 MUST NOT MAKE RULES FOR
COUNTRIES WHERE THE MALE FEMALE RATIO IS 1:5 ---  WHERE A MAN SETS OUT IN THE
MORNING FROM HIS TENT , WITH A SWORD TO KILL ANOTHER — AS A 9 TO 5 ROUTINE .  IT
WAS ROUTINE TO MARRY HELPLESS WIDOWS—

IT WAS ALLOWED OFFICIALLY TO TAKE 4 WIVES --  IT PREVENTED INFANTICIDE TOO!





PEOPLE WHO HAVE CLEAN , PINK PIGS EATING FRESH VEGETABLES SQUEALING OINK OINK---
- MUST NOT MAKE LAWS FOR PEOPLE WHOSE DIRTY BLACK PIGS HAVE NO VEGETABLES TO
EAT-- ONLY FRESH HUMAN EXCRETA –  TAPE WORM IN UNCLEAN DESERT PIGS , KILL--

TAPEWORM AND DYSENTRY MEANS DEHYDRATION AND DEATH.






EXCESSIVE PRAYING 5 TIMES A DAY MADE SENSE— AS A PRE PRAYER RITUAL CERTAIN PARTS
OF THE BODY HAD TO BE WASHED WITH A MINIMUM AMOUNT OF WATER—HYGIENE WAS FOSTERED
–  STD WAS HARNESSED--- BESTIALITY WAS RAMPANT IN THOSE DAYS IN THE DESERT --

AN ENTIRE RACE WHO COULD NOT THINK OR FEND FOR THEMSELVES WAS TAKEN CARE OF--







and people who smirk about fasting during day and gluttony at night for 30 days
must understand that, the idea was to have cease fire for 30 days between
feuding nomads--

it made them family men for at least ONE month in a year.




the stork must drink water from a narrow necked tall jar -- the cat will lap
from a flat dish—



---vice versa is NOT an option!





Beautiful Hindu women from Mohammad’s  clan were getting kidnapped by enemy
clans .  Putting on a burqa checkmated the whole thing.

It becomes impossible to lift up each individual loose fitting burqa and check
out what is underneath.  The sunshine heat absorbent black color was a deterrent
for women to go out in the sun.




Mohammed the prophet was an Indian namboodiri brahmin , whose family were
caretakers of the antique shiva temple at mecca oasis for thousands of years.

He introduced NAMAAZ prayer by bending down and putting the forhead on the
ground.

You must try this on the bed -leave your anal sphincter muscles loose.

So do this experiment:-

Eat plenty of beef --say TWO full kilos-- like how the desert Bedouins did when
they killed a camel ( no fridge ).

Your stomach will be so heavy as ANAEROBIC BACTERIA will struggle to handle this
load. these bacteria survive on methane and die in oxygen.

Full night you will fart. and you will be constipated .( there is NO water or
vegetable fibre in the desert )

After a week try another experiment.

Eat the same load and then do namaz 5 times a day.

You intake and surcharge oxygen via your anus -- AEROBIC BACTERA now will assist
. Aerobic bacteria survives in oxygen and dies in methane.

Not only that the pin worms will NOT come out of the anus to lay eggs in oxygen
rich environment-- and you will have good REM sleep.

More bedoiuns died on pin worms than any other disease.

This OXYGEN SURCHARGE VIA ANUS is a 6000 year old ayurvedic remedy.

Namaaz gets rid of the pin worms of the anus -

BUT

When you ground your head- it must be done on an insulating pad.

When you earth your head - the AURA OF THE HEAD DISAPPEARS - by a kirlean camera
.

While meditating Hinduism requires you to sit on an insulating kusha grass mat -
to retain the aura . all holy men are shown with an aura around the head like a
moon.

When you put your forehead and earths it- your aura disappears.

THIS IS WHY MUSLIMS COME OUT OF THE MOSQUE AFTER FRIDAY PRAYERS - AS A DANGEROUS
MOB .

Muslims must note that while doing namaaz to put the forehead on an insulating
mat -.
********************************************************************************
BURNED OUT VERSUS STRESSED OUT -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL On chemical tankers it is
common place to have stressed out and burned out seamen, considering the
workplace is very dangerous and sailors keep doing tank cleaning in adverse
weather.

" Stressed out and burned out are not the same.


They are as different as salt and sugar.

Stressed people can feel better if they can get things under control.

Burn out means feeling empty , beyond hope and beyond caring- all dried up-
problems seem insurmountable. You just can't muster the energy to care. You are
overwhelmed- you don’t want to even throw down your cap - you just sink to your
knees. You allow your computer in box to fill up-- emails lie unopened. You
don’t want to answer the phone.


Stressed people are over-reactive, and hyper active .


Burn out is on the opposite pole- emotions are blunted and you can see
helplessness. The damage due to stress is physical, the damage due to burn out
is emotional- life just seems not worth living. Self injury or suicide can be
one way out , if the victim does not know how to handle it.

Stressed people can find it out for themselves- burn out has to be detected by
others- for the detachment is gradual, burn out does not happen overnight .
Doing work seems to be against your core values, you are trapped for mere
economic reasons. Burnt out men must take time off- take a complete break from
work. The unhappiness is deep and it threatens your mental health and
relationships.

Burn out has its roots in stress. Most often the victim is in the wrong career .

Victims of burn out must NOT be kept isolated. They must be allowed to say NO
and declare “enough is enough!”. Keep them in a fun environment meanwhile .

EVERY SEAMAN HAS A RIGHT TO LIFE , LIBERTY AND THE PURSUIT OF HAPPYNESS ( make
that-- happiness! )

********************************************************************************
SECRETS OF EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS REVEALED -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


OM -- SRI YANTRA-- VAASTU -- GOLDEN RECTANGLE -- VEDIC FIBONACCI RATIO -- TAMAS
RAJAS









i remember when i first saw the pyramids of egypt--

-- it was awesome--

my wife and son wanted to take their picture at the corner stone-- it dwarfed
them-- ( this is my wife and elder son 20 years ago )



    
then we walked down a sloping road and suddenly we saw the sphinx on the right
hand side -- some people were repairing its paws--     the side of the lion has
lateral water erosion marks --

it could not have been caused by rain or anything else ( the same type of stones
did NOT erode on the pyramids ) ---- it was caused by water flow--


    



the tablet between its paws indicated subterranean structures under the lion--
nobody has excavated it yet--
    






today i measured off the heights above sea level of the whole area using GOOGLE
EARTH -- nile was 36 feet, sphinx 76 feet, pyramid base 250 feet--

the middle pyramid looked off centre --EXACTLY the way the middle star alnilam
in the belt of orion of the sky--



              

suddenly it became all too clear--

PYRAMIDS WERE BUILT BY USING THE FLOTATION POWER OF WATER-- LIKE HOW THE PANAMA
CANAL FLOATS UP HUGE SHIPS BY A LOCK GATE SYSTEM--

huge stones quarried up the nile , could have been transported between low draft
wooden barges ( papyrus cant take the weight ) - and the stones dropped down to
fit in place by cutting off the restraints --

this is what an intelligent man would have done !!!

The ancient Nile flowed very close to the Pyramids. I have seen huge wells ,
chambers and shafts all round the pyramids. All know the existance of the
underground Nile.

Water hydraulics using Bernoullie principle can force water up the underground
chambers.


Water under the pyramids is also necessary to create the infrasonic negative
field inside the pyramids , neutrino impact on water , to usher out scalar
energy from top apex, as a pulsar . I am not going into detail about this in
this blog.  This has to do with the millions of tonnes of crushing weight and
generation of piezo electricity ( from SiO4 ) which resonates with Telluric
radiation from below .


As per Dr.Zahi Hawass there are more than 3 miles --yes-- 3 miles of water
tunnels , under the pyramids connected to a huge chamber directly under the
apex.


In the olden days when this accumulator pyramid worked, with water filled
underneath -- it would have emitted a blue plasma glow from the apex  --which
could be seen for hundreds of miles--as a sure indication of Pharaoh's divinity
.


Check out a Kirlean Photograph of Pyramid scalar vortex energy .















WHO BUILT THE PYRAMIDS?


The great Indian mystic Vivekananda ( who explained ZPF to Tesla ) had said that
it was architects from my home place of Kerala who built Pyramids. Vivekananda
had visited the pyramids in 1900.


He inspected the pyramids for 10 days from 15th  to 25th Nov 1900. He understood
and felt the Vaastu pyramid scalar energy there.


Sceptics, stop and proceed --


All the Egyptian Pharaohs used Cinnamon for their mummy embalming procedure.
This came from Malabar 5500 years ago-- whose capital was Calicut ( my home town
) -- where Vasco da Gama landed in 1498.




Cinnamon was the Wrigley's chewing gum and perfume of the Kings --from Egypt to
Palestine--it was more expensive than gold.


Even kings David and Solomon built their ships with Malabar teak 2900 years ago.
Much later the British built the Cutty Sark ( the fastest sailing Clipper of the
world on the tea / opium run ) with Malabar teak.


The Indian Mantra of OM or AUM is 11000 years old. When you chant this master
mantra with its harmonics at 7.83 Hz ( earth's heart beat --lifted by Schumann )
, the Sri Yantra --which contains the" theory of everything" forms like magic on
water --cymatics.


Ancient Egyptians had NO dang idea of ancient Indian Vedic OM-- or the Sri
Yantra--- or Vaastu ---or the Golden rectangle.


Several pictures like the below is available in British and western museums. It
is the Chief Architect of the big pyramids. The U symbols on his forehead and
arms are of Vedic origin ( Lord Vishnu, the protector has it on his forehead ).


Warrior saint Parashurama had installed 108 Dhanwantari idols ( avatar of Vishnu
and god of Ayurveda ) after he left the banks of the river Saraswati in 4000 BC,
when the river dried up. There is one near Guruvayur temple in Kerala







The whole of Arabia was part of Indian Aryan Emperor Vikramaditya's empire in
7000 BC.


A "chariot to heaven"  titillated the Pharaoh's imagination--  This is the
literal meaning of Sri Yantra in Sanskrit .  The spiritual meaning was about
Kundalini or the vortex energy ( fire snake ) from root chakra to the crown
pineal gland for opening Shiva's third eye. With the proper sound mantraOM , the
gravitational force can be reduced ( levitation ).
                                

                     
Sri Yantra was revealed in 9000 BC, during the Vedic civilization on the banks
of the holy river Saraswati, six thousand years before the first pyramids were
built.  It is the foundation of Vaastu ( the original feng shui ).  Vaastu
insisted on the PERFECT ,  NESW cardinal orientation--just like the pyramids.
Warrior sage Parashurama introduced it to Kerala.


in 1990 a crop circle of Sri Yantra came on a wet lake bed or Oregon --13.3
miles long. Footprints could not be camouflaged here. This photo was taken by a
US airforce fighter jet.
                 


                                                    
Sri Yantra is constructed in 3D if you put 3 pyramids one on top of each other
as tamas ( yin ) and the other 3 as rajas ( yang ).



 thisgeometrycontainstheelusiveTHEORYOFEVERYTHING.OnDec21st2012,thesunwillbeatth
 ebindu(cosmicwomb)


The 3 vertical ones are what you see on the west bank of Nile.


51 deg 49 min 38.25 sec are the angle measurements for


both the Egyptian  pyramids and Sri Yantra pyramid. This


can NEVER EVER be a coincidence, as Sri Yantra is too


complicated a geometry.





                                                    
Our ancient temples had the pyramid ratio -- to keep prasadam fresh .  A Vaastu
pyramid slows down putrefaction of food.  Sharp sword blades placed in a N/S
direction sharpens by itself to razor edges --like magic.





                                            

The Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship between pi
and phi . The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden
Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to
five decimal places is 1.618033989 ).






     
A golden rectangle is a rectangle whose side lengths are in the golden ratio, 1:
1.618. whose reciprocal is 0.618033989 . . . . . so that we have 1/G = 1 + G.





Fibonacci was a 12th century Italian who studied the 8000 year old Indian Vedic
Mathematics from the Arabians at Bejaya, Algeria, and took this knowledge to
Europe.

Check out the video below about Vimanas of 7000 BC --flying saucers.


 

Aryabhatta born in Kerala ( my home state ) in 2700 BC, was one of the early
members of this school. Aryabhatta was the first to calculate Pi of 3.1416 and
the solar year of 365.358 days . He propounded a heliocentric universe 4200
years before Copernicus, with elliptically orbiting planets and a spherical
earth spinning on its axis explaining the motion of the heavens. He was the
father of plane / spherical Trigonometry and Algebra, when Europe was in the
dark ages.. Today you don't see this pioneers name in the list of top 100
mathematicians.

Aryabhatta was the first to compute the circumference of the earth, with an
error of just 64 miles.. Aryabhatta gave a method to find the cube root of
numbers and dealt with arithmetic,geometric and indeterminate equations in
algebra. He dealt with square, cube, triangle, trapezium, circle and sphere in
geometry. He was called Arjehir by the Arabs.

Poor Galileo did a Aryabhatta 4 millenuims years later , that the earth is round
and circles the sun , and the church blinded him , so that he can never look
into another telescope .


Has anybody heard of Shakuntala Devi who has beaten every super computer in the
world in Mathematical speed.( enter her name in Google search, to believe ) .
This is normal for experts in Vedic Mathematics, the only difference is that she
has taken the effort to travel abroad and impress and WOW the Western
Universities.


His series is lifted from Pingala the great Indian mathematician of 500 BC and
of Virahanka of 6 AD, whose work the Arabs translated into Arabic.


Fibonacci was the first to introduce the Hindu-Arabic number system into Europe-
the system we now use today- based on ten digits with its decimal point and a
symbol for zero: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. and 0


12th century-- Fibonacci series or sequence : 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55,
89, 144, 233,


377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, ... (each number is the sum of the previous
two).


The ratio of successive pairs is so-called golden section - 1.618033989 . . .


Our navels are placed at .618 of our bodies.

The Golden Ratio is a Vedic universal law in which is contained the ground-
principle of all formative striving for beauty and completeness in the realms of
nature art, structures, forms and proportions, whether cosmic or individual,
organic or inorganic, acoustic or optical. This is the future of QUANTUM
CONSCIOUSNESS.


  



             

                                       


VAASTU: Anybody who has visited India would have noticed taxi cars and even
houses hanging green chillies at 180 degrees to each other.


Well , take such a chillie to the Egyptian pyramids , and place it in a east/
west axis for 3 weeks-- and another identical set in a north/ south  axis for
comparison.  The chillie on the east west axis with ripen, while the other one
remains same colour and fresh.

And by the way when the pyramids were built 5000 years ago, NOBODY on this
planet including the Egyptians has the technology to find the exact North East
South West cardinal positions of Vaastu.

The Europeans have taken the credit for themselves ( as they have done for every
other stolen idea ) in 1300 AD.  If our Sanskrit texts written 7000 years ago
were shepherds verses,  why have they stolen it. Even the encyclopedias give the
credit of compass needle to China in 247 BC ( WOW!--how exact! ). Nobody on the
planet had an idea what is sun's declination via astronomy . The geographic and
the magnetic poles are NOT the same.The North pole is 1600 miles away and the
south pole is 2570 kilometers away.

The ancient people in Kerala found the exact co-ordinates by using a strain of
Gandhari mulagu , chillie plant on land. The plant stems show vertical on the
Northern side and and horizontal on the southern side. The ancient Kerala
sailors sailed to Socotra and Aquaba and Basra using a compass of magnetised
fish blade floating on light oil floating on water. This is symbolised by Arjun
shooting into the eye of the fish to win Draupadi in 4000 BC. Our temples had
magnetised idols which could levitate stolen by Europeans. On the East coast of
India too  there was such a temple with levitating idol which disrupted the
ship's compass needles of the British East India company.

A tablet containing this sanskrit verse from Bhagawat Gita of 4000 BC was found
in the great Pyramid. It is now in the British Museum. “vasanvsi jeernani yatha
vihaya, navani ghrunnati naro parani”.



Rothschild employee Max Mueller knew of this , still he stuck to his bull shit
of 1859, pushing back Rig Veda ( the oldest written record of this planet ) by
2500 years , to suit Vaticans contention of the time of the Big Bang ( 4004 BC )
and Noah's arc ( 2500 BC ) .
********************************************************************************
FOR THE NOT TOO BRIGHT -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL







ladies and gentlemen--

evaluate yourself--

do you get up in the morning listless and weary?

do you get the feeling that you are not very bright?--

YOUR COLLEAGUES GET ALL THE ANSWERS IN A MEETING-- AND YOUR BOSS SUSPECTS YOU
ARE DAFT--

if so--

try this --it costs nothing--

keep your legs north and head south while sleeping!

pssst! it is about magnetic currents and your pineal gland!

Take two green chillies to the pyramid of Egypt or a Vaastu pyramid of Indian
temples.  Keep one chillie north/ south-- and the other east west.   After 3
weeks come back and you will find that the east/ west chillie has ripened and
become red.  The other will still be fresh and green. This will convince you.

i cant tell too much right now--

it is part of my book SPIRIT , MIND AND QUANTUM MATTER!!
********************************************************************************
PERSONAL BRANDING, ME INC. --- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


VADAKAYIL INC is a brand at sea, in the parcel chemical tanker world.



Your personal brand is what people say about you, behind your back . Immortal
words of Oscar Wilde: "Be yourself, everyone else is already taken."



The saying 'your reputation precedes you'', applies here.



Personal branding can single an individual out as a rock star in his field.


Personal branding is easier than company branding. Your image and mystique is
already created - you just have to market it.

How do you market yourself? You must be THE expert in your field. There must be
differentiation—what makes you different?


Your personal brand too travels far and wide, and its reach is almost limitless.
Like soliton waves they travel outwards, you don't know how far they will go.

A brand is image or a perception. Personal branding is as valuable as corporate
branding

A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. A brand is driven by a
personal connection and emotion.


Harley Davidson bikers are enthusiastic advocates of their brands because of the
high level of involvement they have with them and the high level of satisfaction
that this brands delivers. Emotion is one of the most potent weapons for a
brand. People yearn for emotion in a increasingly sanitized and faceless world.

Brands create a feeling of fraternity in many ways. Consumers like to me part of
a special club . Consumers feel good just about meeting other consumers of the
same brand as in the case of a Harley Davidson bike. It is about appeasing their
emotional needs. Brand loyalty is indeed the ultimate goal of marketing.

If Coke is valued at 75 billion, it is NOT the cost of the inventory after
depreciation. It is the cost of the brand. It signifies its potential in future
profit raking.

Employees are willing to work for a strong brand at less salary . Good brands
benefit with a stable work force and hence provide stability to company
performance and better share prices.


Mindless marketing like BUY ONE AND TWO FREE can destroy a brand— Brand equity
is the goose that lays golden eggs, therefore don’t go for short term single
minded not too bright short term gains and erode the brand equity forever.

A product’s superiority is in itself no longer sufficient to guarantee its
success.

Hence branding is used to fool your gut feeling, by clever advertisements and
shrewd marketing experts.

SOME ADVISE--

Do not let everyone know everything about you. Cultivate a mystique. If you
stand still and stagnate , it is your fault.


Leaders never shout--they give orders with firmness and decision. Don’t sweat
the small stuff.


Be your own man without being overly concerned about the reactions of others.
Success that cost you your dignity is not an achievement—but a profound personal
failure.

Your outward appearance does affect your image.

Protect your personal brand, nobody else will do it for you. When your image
improves , your performance improves.

It takes 30 years to build a rock solid personal brand -- and just takes less
than 5 seconds to bring it down like a house of cards. Your knowledge has to be
improved, challenged and increased constantly or it vanishes. Avoid leaving
things to lady luck.

In the twilight of your life when all is said and done the quality of your life
boils down to the quality of your contribution to others.

Remember, deep down in the heart people appreciate discipline and strength. Keep
your gunpowder dry , — maintain readiness. Romance the stress.


Do things that others do not expect— that others are not familiar with. Dream
big— but you must be realistic.

Make a difference in your field, be world class -- nay-- make a dent in the
universe. leave behind a legacy that the storm of time cannot erode.


When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the
attention of the world. - George Washington Carver.


CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
********************************************************************************
UNIVERSAL LAWS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




LAWS


For every credibility gap there is a gullibility fill.

Wisdom is considered a sign of weakness by the powerful because a wise man can
lead without power, but only a powerful man can lead without wisdom.

Don't say anything until the meeting is half over; this stamps you as being
wise.

Be the first to move for adjournment; this will make you popular -- it's what
everyone is waiting for.


There ain't no free lunch.

In every organization there will always be one person who knows what is going
on. - This person must be fired , el pronto!

There are two sides to every argument unless the boss is personally involved, in
which case there is only one.

Never argue with a fool. People might not know the difference.

Food that tastes the best has the highest number of calories.


To beat the bureaucracy, make your problem their problem.

Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.

Don't ask the barber whether you need a haircut.


A hand in the bush is worth two anywhere else- hmmm .


Necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows.

Teamwork is essential; it allows you to blame someone else.

Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shalt not be disappointed.


Merely because the group is in formation does not mean that the group is on the
right course.

If you put nonsense into a computer, nothing comes out but nonsense. But this
nonsense, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow ennobled,
and no one dares to criticize it.

Nothing will be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome



Whoever has the gold makes the rules.  Gold's Law

When someone you greatly admire and respect appears to be thinking deep
thoughts, they are probably thinking about lunch.


When two people meet to decide how to spend a third person's money, fraud will
result.

Cynics are right nine times out of ten; what undoes them is their belief that
they are right ten times out of ten.

When we call others dogmatic, what we really object to is their holding dogmas
that are different from our own.


The Pace of Progress: Society is a mule, not a car . . . If pressed too hard, it
will kick and throw off its rider.

In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.

The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone he can blame
it on.


Give an idiot a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs
pounding.

An executive will always return to work from lunch early if no one takes him.




In God we trust; all others pay cash.—revision no 1 of US dollar bill

Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.


Does history record any case in which the majority was right?

Anything free is worth what you pay for it.



If love is a matter of chemistry, then sex is a matter of physics.

You can't tell how deep a puddle is until you step into it.

BEWARE OF THE GUY IN MEDIEVAL ROBES, HOLDING A  CURVED STAFF WHO SPEAKS LATIN.


Money is like manure. If you spread it around, it does a lot of good. But if you
pile it up in one place, it stinks like hell.

When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.


The second most powerful phrase in the world is "Watch this!"   The most
powerful phrase is "Oh yeah? watch this!"

Reforms come from below. No man with four aces howls for a new deal.


In a crowded elevator the guy who faces the wrong way is feared—and will get
more space

Only kings, editors, and people with tapeworm have the right to use the
editorial "WE"


One man's red tape is another man's system.

Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.

All great discoveries are made by mistake. Corollary: The greater the funding,
the longer it takes to make the mistake.


Demons from the past tried to slaughter mE present

2 topics in women's magazines—why men are such filthy pigs—how to attract a man

Never stick around with guys who go through life , demanding to see the manager



The difference between stalking and the sweet pursuit is salesmanship


My wife is immature—i'll be at home taking mE bath and she will barge in and
sink mE fuckin' boats

Some people pay a compliment as if they expected a receipt

11th commandment—thou shall not be caught

Work is the curse of the drinking classes


To refuse awards is another way of accepting them with more noise than is normal

Politicians who complain about the media are like ship captains whom complain
about the sea


Cynicism is the art of seeing things as they are instead of as they ought to be

Always end your pet' name with a vowel—so that when you yell , the name would
carry


Vodka is for Russians what therapy is for Americans

If the guy has a rear view mirror on his exercise bike, he is paranoid

Sometimes when you give up hope --you feel much better

Everything can be filed under miscellaneous
********************************************************************************
THUMB RULES FOR STRATEGIES -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



THUMB RULES ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR PRODUCING "GUT FEELINGS". GUT FEELINGS CAN
OUTWIT THE MOST SOPHISTICATED REASONING .




BE IN THE ZONE--

if a cat tries to catch two squirrels at the same time, it shall catch neither--

brevity is the soul of lingerie--



if you have black hair , and your feet feel cold, it is time to cover your head
--

a politician who speaks with very strong emotion-- but has relaxed shoulders--
he has come to take you for a ride--- and then if he says " it aint the money--
it is the principle !", you can be cock sure it is the money--

dont expect a human being with very thick diameter hair--to have good brains--




if you want to hush a noisy drunk -- best way is to whisper in his ear--

after you have cavitated your knuckles -- you have to wait for one hour to crack
them again--

a hard boiler egg will spin in balance like a top -- a half boiled egg wont--and
if it floats in water , it was a rotten egg--

if you have heard the gunshot there is no need to be afraid of that bullet--

if you dont want your cat to jump on your lap-- dont eyeball the guy--




never make a important decision , with your bilges ( bladder ) full--

you hens will lay more eggs if you put off the lights in the coop twice a day--
and paint the insides orange--

speed up your car for a goat--but stop for a cow

an old man marries for a nurse

red sky at night sailors delight--red sky in the morning--sailors warning




whisky after beer no fear--beer after whisky is risky

best oil on top, best wine in the middle, best honey at the bottom

if the interviewer talked more than you--you have passed--

in airport toilets the end ones are the cleanest--




to discover your true friends--ask them to help you move to another house--

in heavy traffic, only a moron changes lanes every now and then--




if your turd floats , you are eating too much fat --if it is a sinker, you are
not eating enough fibre

a chemical manual takes one month to write and two months to edit--

people who have been frozen with fear and afraid to run away, have got bravery
medals--

if everything is under control you are not going fast enough--




if you have never been criticised , you have not been doing much--

making things difficult for workers is sometimes termed management--

the place where you can scratch or fart to your hearts content is home--




the meek shall inherit the earth, but not the mineral rights--

if you have them by the short curlies, their hearts and minds will sonn follow--

better to put on chappals than carpet the whole world--




to be popular, you must be mediocre--

a communist is one who has nothing and is eager to share it with you--




when you boss looks grim and calls you by your whole name , you are in big
trouble--

a modest man usually has much to be modest about--

pizza always arrives faster than the police--




people will believe anything if you whisper it--

having smoking and non smoking sections is sometimes like having pissing and
non-pissing sections in the same pool--




bet on the horse with the highest ass and a swishing up/down tail.




if a woman has silicon implants her nipples will point downwards.




bacteria infections are localised , viral infections are general

mammals with eyes looking ahead are non-vegetarian while the ones with eyes
looking to sides are grass eaters

inappropriate seasonal dress on a youngster , means he is taking drugs




to slow down reading speed , use capital letters.

the more somebody jots down in during a lecture, the less he understands the
matter

fireworks without blue are cheap.





EVOLVED CAPACITIES ARE THE CONSTRUCTION MATERIAL FOR RULES OF THUMB.
********************************************************************************
LAST CRUSADER OF THE LAST INQUISITION -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL THE LAST CRUSADER ,
POPE PIUS XII




I am sure all of you are familiar with the Spanish and Portugese inquisitions—
basically suppression of heresy , offence against canon law , by the catholic
clergy.

During the reign of Queen Isabella II, the great inquisition was abolished. 170
homosexuals were burnt at the stake- imagine it is legalized now.

I started blogging to let the world know about the most evil man and the biggest
mass murderer on earth—Ante Pavelic.



Ante Pavelic was used as a secret inquisition tool and crusader by Pope Pius XII
to convert or cleanse Orthodox Serbs.

7 months after my blog, on Dec 17th 2009, Pope Pius XII was declared venerable
by the present Pope Benedict XVI.

Ante Pavelic and his henchman Alojzije Stepanac took over from where " soul
snatcher" Kuntsevich left off. In 1857 Pope Pius IX canonised a mass murderer
and extreme sadist Iosafat Kuntsevich, Uniat Bishop of Polotsk.  Vatican had
became aware that the Orthodox Slavic nations stood in its way of achieving
supremacy over world Christianity.

True Catholics must know what really happened in the last Crusade . History must
not be buried in this blatant manner.

What I write below has been gleaned from emotional Croats and Serbs – “ we did
this to them , they did this to us” ---- . I have stayed in Croatia for months
prior ship deliveries from Trogir and Split shipyards. I have commanded ships
with several Croatian and Serbian officers. I kept my ear to the ground.

Pope Pius XII , born Eugenio Maria Giuseppe Giovanni Pacelli (2 March 1876 – 9
October 1958), reigned as the 260th Pope, head of the Catholic Church and
sovereign of Vatican City State, from 2 March 1939 until his death in 1958.



After his death, on Oct 9th 1958, he was embalmed—but his body rotted in a
strange divine punishment manner and public viewing was terminated , without
reasons. His nose turned black and fell off and a guard fainted due to the
stench.

In 1941, After the Nazi invasion of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, the puppet
Croatian state known as Nezavisna Država Hrvatska (Independent State of Croatia)
or NDH was created and began a terror campaign against Serbs, Jews and Romani
people.

The Croatian Catholic Ustashi under the leadership of fanatic Catholic Ante
Pavelic and patronage of Pope Pius XII, satanistically murdered 7 00 000 Serbs
and 30 000 gypsies. More innocent civilians were murdered here than Jews in the
Holocaust. Their crime was that they were not Catholics, but Orthodox
Christians.
 

Catholic clergy including nuns served as guards in many concentration camps, the
biggest being Jasenovac, spread over 200 square kms.


On August 29, 1942, a Croat friar from the monastery of Siroki Brijeg, named
Petar Brzica, won first place for killing the most Serbs in the shortest time,
boasting 1,350 throats slit in one night.






For this feat with his curved knife srbosjek Roman Catholic Father Brzica won a
gold watch as a prize and as much wine as he wanted. This incident is reorded by
the  Germans.

This serbian inquisition was all about extraordinary sadism .



This included cutting of limbs, castration with organ stuffed into mouth ,
cutting off breasts, crucification, burning in furnaces alive, hanging,
decapitation, impaling via the anus , hammering on skull and knee caps ,
cleaving skulls with a speacial knife called " serb chopper ", gouging eyes,
ritualistic cannibalism of eyes and tongues , infecting with Typhus germ , death
marches in winter, starvation , throwing off mountain cliffs , running over by
tanks, being forced to drink the warm blood of their slaughtered kin , rapes of
minor girls in the altars of Orthodox churches, sons forced to rape their own
mothers etc .



The rivers Sava, Drava, the Danube and their tributaries were awash with
thousands of mutilated corpses. Dead bodies have been found with the inscription
: "direction Belgrade -- traveling to King Peter" or "Meat for the Jovanova
Market in Belgrade."

More than 300 orthodox churches were burnt and razed.




The western press did NOT take any photographs, but the Germans did.. There is
now a saying in Germany-- " God save us from plague, hunger and the Croats". The
Italians photographed a vessel with 3.5 kilograms of Serbian eyes, as well as a
Croat who wore a necklace strung with Serbian eyes, and another one who came to
Dubrovnik with a belt on which severed Serbian tongues were hanging!

When i visited Dubrovnik three years ago, it was a idealic summer tourist spot .
It is at the end of the " ox-tail " , a plan where the ENTIRE sea coast is given
to Croatia.



Catholic Bishop Aksamovic printed leaflets in his own printing shop in Djakovo,
calling upon Orthodox Serbs to save their lives by converting to Catholicism.

In the summer of 1941 in the Livno district Dr. Srechko Peric, a Franciscan
monk, addressed Croatians as follows: "Brother Croats, go ahead and massacre all
Serbs, starting with my own sister who married a Serb, and then all Serbs one
after another. When you have finished with them, come and see me in the church
where I shall hear your confessions and all your sins will be forgiven"

In the town of Prijedor, during the night of July 31 1941, they massacred 1,400
men, women, and children, leaving their corpses to rot in the houses and in the
streets. The young civilised German soldiers totally horrifed and shaken off
their conscience at this incredibly satanic, nay , BESTIAL RELIGIOUS FANATICISM
, entered the town, and drove the Ustashi away.

General Edmund Glaise von Horstenau reported details of Ante Pavelic and
Ustashi’s raving mad acts touted at “ the final solution” to Hitler . For some
time even the Italians joined the Germans troops to preserve some sense of
sanity.

All this is buried to history.

BBC did some humane and honest broadcasting. Encyclopedia Britannica has
recorded some of these acts.



Pius XII was informed of the involvement of Croatian Catholic clergy , and given
a list of clergy members who had joined in the slaughter. He chose not to
condemn the Ustashi regime or take action against the involved clergy.



In June 1997 when a memo dated October 21, 1946 written by OSS agent Emerson
Bigelow was discovered in the U.S. Treasury Department's archives stating that
the Vatican was holding around $170 million worth of Ustasha gold plundered from
Holocaust victims in Croatia prompting President Clinton to personally promise a
full State Department investigation. (still this pope got canonised.)

This was the left over money after paying off Catholic Argentinian President
Juan Peron ( of Evita fame ) to accept Ustashi war criminals including Ante
Pavelic, who served as security advisor on recommendation from the Pope..



Till Ante Pavelic was shipped to Buenos Aires he was hidden in nun’s garb by
Pope Pius XII first at Castel Gandolfo, the Pope’s summer residence and then in
a monastery near Rome. It was this pope who established the famous "ratlines"
and forged documents for all the criminals like Ante Pavelic, Eichmann, Dr
Joseph Mengele, Barbie, Brunner etc , to escape to Argentina.





His letter to the British Foreign office in 1944 , demanding that NO coloured
troops must be stationed in Vatican is still preserved.



The Pope did ensure virtually the entire war cabinet of the Ustashi successfully
escaped to Argentina in November 1948, on the Italian passenger ship, SS.
Sestiere. Ante Pavelic was under the name of Pale Aranyos ( Hungarian name ) in
the passenger list.

Divine retribution came to Ante Pavelic in the form of a bullet in his spine at
Buenos Aires on 10th April 1957.  Till he died of the bullet still in his spine
on 28th Dec 1959 at Madrid, he was in excruciating pain.

Pope Pius XII oversaw the Serb genocide , which represents the single greatest
and most evil act of human history, to date.

In 1949 this man issued a historic proclamation declaring that any Roman
Catholic rendering support of any kind or degree to communism would
automatically incur the penalty of ex-communication.

 InhisChristmasmessagefor1950Piusannouncedofficially(abullshitofthefirstorder)th
 atthetomboftheapostlePeterhadbeenfoundduringexcavationsunderthehighaltarofStPet
 er'sBasilicainRome.HeleftinstructionsthathemustbelaidtorestnexttoStPeterinthegr
 otto.

Today Croatia is the most ethnically pure country in Europe. I once told a
Croatian captain who relieved me ( noticing dark spots in his aura ) -- "
Something is wrong with your DNA programming " . He was convinced enough to ask
me for spiritual help, after we became friends.

AN APOLOGY TO SERBS IS LONG OVERDUE.



Pope Pius XII was directly responsible for the American war in Vietnam. He used
drug trade money power to put a Vatican puppet and staunch Roman Catholic
president Ngo Dinh Diem, as president of Vietnam in 1955. His brief was to
persecute the Buddhists and convert them to Christianity.

Diem was instructed to give death penalty to communists in 1956 . In the war
America supported the Catholic south . The result was 50000 American soldier
casualities and 2 million Vietnamese exterminated--and the greatest rape of this
planet by Agent Orange-- ordered by JFK.


Pope Pius XII along with John Foster Dulles ( secretary of state for President
Eisenhower ) -- both committed anti-communists , were responsible for the start
of the COLD WAR and so much human misery..  Pius XII was very much worried that
the Chinese christians would set up a separate Chinese church ( like the Serb
Orthodox church )and would warn all and sundry about this, often .





Pope Pius's own sister Elisabetta had accused Bavarian Sister Mary Pascaulina
Lehnert, (his personal assistant and housekeeper for 41 years) , to be his
secret lover.  She had a running feud with her and called her scaltrissma (
extremely cunning ).  When they had a sexual affair  in 1918 , questions were
raised as to how such a ravishing young female became a nun.

Vatican had ordered an inquiry, and it was a public scandal.  Mary had a huge
influence over all his decisions, as he ate only food served by her , and was
called the La Popessa ( female pope..) by most. So our Pope Pius had his normal
private life, while his fellow clergy had to be celibate.

She has accompanied Pacelli to USA , when he was Vatican Secretary of State,
before he became Pope. When Pope XI dies she was sealed in the cell with Pacelli
,while the cnclave deliberated over his selection as the next Pope.






She was at Pacelli's bedside when he died-- wiping his lips with holy water etc.
Within two hours of the Pope's death, she was kicked out with her two birds and
a small suitcase-- as this power drunk woman had antagonised almost everybody.




Recently forty women who have had secret affairs with priests ask Pope Benedict
to the lift sex ban on the Roman Catholic clergy.


Their letter describes the vow as a "tattered shroud" and explains how they must
"live daily with the doubts, fears and insecurities of our men" because their
relationships are clandestine. Indeed, they point out that many of Jesus’s
disciples were married. They suggested that priests were allowed to live normal
lives then the number of sex abuse scandals might fall.



But current Pope Benedict responded by saying he was in favour of "the principle
of holy celibacy".







 

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************************
AYURVEDIC MASSAGE AND QUANTUM MEDICINE TURMERIC -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



TURMERIC-- THE SUPER MEDICINE WITHOUT SIDE EFFECTS

My colleagues often ask me --why does my 54 years sit lightly on me, despite
being in the toxic chemical field with irregular routines.

The stressful and hectic chemical tankers i command carry bioaccumulative and
carcinogenic cargoes from red wine to deadly Cyanates to Sulphuric acid. To add
to this we are forced to do X rays ( DNA strand damaging non-ionising radiation
) by stupid powers that be, a ridiculous twice a year, for our pre-joining
medicals.

Biological age depends on biomarkers like— BP, body fat, auditory and visual
threshholds, hormone levels, immune function, temperature regulation, bone
density, skin thickness, cholesterol, blood sugar tolerance, aerobic capacity,
metabolic rate etc.

A 53 year old can have the biological age of a 35 year old. Psychological age
depends on how old you feel. Both biological age and psychological can be
reversed. The body is holographic— when you influence one bio marker , you
influence all. Learn to perceive your own body as a field of energy and
intelligence.

When i am home on leave i take a complete sabbatical for 3 months . My mobile
number is known only to my wife. Since she has sailed with me all over the world
for 9 years she knows who all i am interested in talking to while i am on leave,
and weeds out the privacy invaders. She however will never cut off my ex-
shipmates.

Within 3 months a huge percentage of your body cells are renewed. Every year 98%
of the atoms of your body has been exchanged 3 years there is NOT ONE SINGLE
original atom in your body--100% renewal. 300 billion cells are renewed ever
day.

Your stomach lining is replaced every 5 days. It takes a month for the skin to
re thread. In about 6 weeks your liver has turned over. The bones are renewed
every 3 months. The pancreas renews 100% in a single day. Like a river your body
may appear to be the same on the surface, but in actuality is is constantly
changing. Your has a field of energy , constantly renewing itself. Deep rest in
body and mind reverses biological age. An agitated body/ mind system generates
entropy, decay and ageing.

Every Monday , ( my club gymnasium and Swimming pool is closed down for
maintenance ) , i go for a full body heavy duty Ayurvedic oil massage. This is
NOT a bit like the massage rest of the world does , where they concentrate on
the backside of your torso or your feet.


The oils used are Karpooradhi thailam and Pinda Thailam , which is effective for
Arthritis, cramping, inflammation of joints and sprains.



The massage is followed by a relaxing steam sauna bath . The herbs called Puli
thailam give a fantastic aroma, which invades your body skin bag.. The shower is
done by using gram/ nut powder for defoliation. After drying the head a quantum
healing power called Rasnadhi podi is applied on the crown.



The massage is a bit spiritual --a far cry from the dubious massages of Thailand
and elsewhere. The masseur starts of with a invocation to Ayurveda god
Dhanwantari . The birth day celebration of Lord Dhanvantari, the God of health,
healing and cure, is celebrated with great enthusiasm and happy environment, by
the practitioners of the Ayurveda every year, two days before Deepwali, the
Hindu festival of Lights.



So, what good does a ayurvedic massage do? In addition to the usual-- it breaks
down knots and fibrosis, encourages metabolism, increases muscle tone, eases
tight muscles and tendons, enhances blood circulation, increases venous and
lymphatic flow, releases feel good chemicals, reduces nerve root compression due
to tight muscles, increases excretion of waste, re-moisturises skin etc etc.



There is a temple dedicated to Lord Dhanvantari in Kerala. It is in a village
called Nelluvaya, 20 kilometers from Guruvayur ,older than the main temple at
Guruvayur whose black idol is 6000 years old. According to the Srimad Bhagavata
Purana, it was Bhagavan Dhanvantari, who revealed Ayurveda to the world .


This idol was placed here by the Vedic sages who migrated from the banks of the
river Saraswati in 4000 BC. The Vedic civilisation flourished from 9000 BC to
4000 BC on the banks of the river Saraswati, till the river dried up due to an
earthquake blocking the glacial mouth at the Himalayas. These seers had 12
strand DNA and king sized resonating pineal glands.

Ayurvedic doctors from Kerala visit this temple before they start practicing
medicine. Lord Dhanvantari , an avatar of Vishnu, has four hands , holding the
Sudarsana Chakra, Conch , nectar pot (amrta-kalasha) and a leech(jalauaka). The
leech, which he holds in his left hand, was often used in the past by doctors to
draw out impure blood from the patient’s body -- Napoleon used it on his asshole
for Piles , except on the night before Waterloo.

Dhanvantari was credited with the discovery of the magic properties of TURMERIC.


Ayurveda belongs to the Vedic Saraswati civilisation which flourished on the
banks of the holy river river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC. The river dried
up due to tectonic shift which blocked the Himalayan glacial mouth.

Allow me to fly off on the turmeric tangent--



Turmeric is nature's most powerful healer --A MEDICINE WITHOUT SIDE EFFECTS.

The active ingredient in turmeric is curcumin.


India produces nearly the whole world’s crop of turmeric , as it requires warm,
humid climates and can thrive only in temperatures above 30 deg C.

Using a high-tech instrument termed solid-state NMR spectroscopy, the US
scientists discovered that molecules of curcumin act like a biochemical
disciplinarian. They insert themselves into cell membranes and make the
membranes more stable and orderly in a way that increases cells' resistance to
infection by disease-causing microbes

Recently after the Indian government said " Enough is Enough" , the United
States Patent and Trade Mark Office revoked the patents granted to the
University of Mississippi for the “discovery” of turmeric for wound healing
after examining evidences of turmeric’s widespread use in Indian folk medicines
and noting the significant element in the daily lives of Indians for at least
8000 years.

Indian cuisine turmeric is added to nearly every dish, be it non- vegetarian or
vegetarian. You will never see an Indian kitchen without a can of turmeric
powder on the shelves. It aids digestion by helping to break down fats during
the digestion process.



Raw Turmeric juice is used to treat hyper acidity , indigestion , gastritis ,
flatulence , colitis , spasmodic dysmenorrhoea and stomach problems caused by
stress .Turmeric can effectively maintain the flora of the large intestine. It
aids fat digestion.

Curcumin - the active component of turmeric, has anti-oxidant properties and an
anti-inflammatory effect. The strong mixture of phytonutrients is present in
turmeric works to combat free radicals and other toxins in the body. Curcumin
destroys cancer cells .

In Indian traditional wedding ceremonies, turmeric is applied to both, the groom
and the bride, not only to make them look good with fresh glowing skins and to
reduce their BO by destroying bacteria on their wedding night. South Indian
women use the paste to have hairless bodies. Turmeric is a good medicine for
voice culture and many singers take it with honey , before a public performance.

When mucous membranes of the nose are inflamed, as in allergic rhinitis or
sinusitis, steam inhalation of decoction made by boiling turmeric solution is
very effective. Turmeric is rich in iron and is valuable in anemia.

Ointments and lotions based on turmeric are used for the treatment of wounds,
ringworm, eczema, and inflammations. Turmeric is dissolved in water for use as
an eye wash. It is used in treatment of boils, furuncles and carbuncles, as it
promotes suppuration.

Turmeric paste is applied to small pox and chickenpox eruptions to quicken scab
formation as it is a natural antiseptic and antibacterial agent That Indians
appear to have one of the lowest rates of Alzheimer’s in the world is attributed
to the wide use of turmeric with every meal.

It is anti-mutagenic due to its ability to inhibit topoisomerase enzymes that
control the changes in DNA structure. Curcumin’s chelating properties enable it
to assist the body in the removal of bioaccumulated toxic metals from the brain
and other tissues. It binds to the metal ions and allowing them to be safely
excreted in the urine. it is a natural liver detoxifier .

As a food seasoning , it can reduce serum cholesterol levels and in destroying
gram-positive salmonella bacteria. Turmeric can be effective in fighting a
number of STDs including chlamydia and gonorrhea. It can combat Gout pain and
measles.

The astringent qualities of turmeric is well known , and is useful in cases of
tuberculosis, bronchitis, colds and asthma, the root being lightly cooked and
eaten. It is useful in curing periodic attacks of hysteria and convulsions.

Curcumin helps bile secretion and storage by stimulating the bile duct and the
gallbladder. It can prevent both rheumatoid arthritis and osteoporosis. Middle
aged women feeling the pain and depression of excessive bleeding during periods
, must remember that turmeric in food does magic.



yet - very few people on the planet know who Dhanwantari is-- leave alone the
gentlemen in US patents office.



Kalari is a martial art ( deadly weapons and debilitating pressure points ) ,
which men in Kerala learn at a young age.  I was initiated at the age of 7.
Bodhi Dharma had taken this art to China, and it became Kung Fu there.



Grace and peace!

********************************************************************************
IN THE THETA STATE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



A lot of people ask me -- why my official creative email correspondence from my
ship, to powers that be , often lacks etiquette and decorum.

All i can say is, it is NOT deliberate-- take it or leave it.

Oscar Wilde famously said--" Be yourself-everything else is taken " -- being
yourself is possible only in the Theta state.


I must confess my most prolific thinking and creative writing periods are
between 11pm to 3 am, when there is absolute peace and no stress-- IN A THETA
STATE -- at the border between the conscious and subconscious world--


-- when i am not constrained by restraining limiting beliefs.( i am a door mat,
-- i must kiss my boss's hand, i must hold it all in , all shore bosses come
-- first before my ship, i have no right to be angry with peabrained bosses, i
-- will be rejected,blah blah ) i am in a full blooded --let go to bitter
-- endrelease state --

Theta allows you to dip into the subconscious mind--which the waking mind
cannot, and obtain terrific visualisation-- unless you visualise you can hardly
achieve anything on this planet



--losers cant visualise.



Theta brain frequencies are between 3 Hz to 7 Hz. In this state where your body
is almost asleep while your mind is awake , you get focused concentration, lucid
visualisation, insightful inspirational thoughts , terrific intuition, recall of
emotions, and a feeling of universal oneness --basically engaging at the
cellular and DNA level, tapping into the greater intelligence and divinity for
the eureka moment--.



In short you are in a waking dream. It is the gateway to learning as ideas come
effortlessly. There are no fearful thoughts to argue against. There is NO inner
opposition or hypocrisy. YOU ARE RELAXED AND AT YOUR OWN SWEET COMMAND.


In this twilight state your senses are withdrawn from the external world, and
focused on the mind scape--internally originating signals. You can dip freely
into your right brain lobe, where you can access information beyond your normal
conscious awareness.

Theta waves are dominant when your mind is focusing internally--and you can
recall long forgotten memories. Problem solving and memorising becomes easier.

Almost all of you would have been in theta state during a long drive , zoned
out-- with your eyes unfocused and car almost on autopilot, whit you not
remembering what all happened in the past few kilometers. Yet your receptivity
had been high , and you drove safe.

Ancient Vedic yogis were mostly in their theta state , which is associated with
the opening of the etheric third eye. The vedic civilisation flourished from
9000 BC to 4000 BC on the banks of the river Saraswati, till the river dried up
due to an earthquake blocking the glacial mouth at the Himalayas. These seers
had 12 strrad DNA and king sized resonating pineal glands.



You cannot go into a theta state , if you do NOT have a clear conscience. The
guilty without emotional freedom can gate crash into Theta state by using
binaural beats . Keep away from mind altering drugs, for easy access to the
subconscious mind.





When you meditate your brain goes from Beta 25 Hz to Alpha 12 Hz and then to
Theta 7 Hz.

As soon as you wake up in a morning after a good long sleep , you are in the
theta state-- dont get up from the bed immediately-- feel it, experience it !
This is the time to forgive people who have wronged you and get rid of emotional
excess baggage --or rather to reprogram your DNA.  Make a positive affirmation (
from today onwards i will be a winner! ) . Enjoy the simplicity and the power--

THE THETA MIND IS THE REPOSITORY OF YOUR SUBCONSCIOUS PROGRAMMES.
********************************************************************************
LAWS OF ENERGY WAVES -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



some profound stuff--

everything in this universe is a WAVE or VIBRATING ENERGY--

what could be the scale?



^ = means to the power of 10^-8, 10 the minus 8 power


? ---cosmic rays --  gamma rays of 10^18 to 10^26hz --  X rays10^16 to 10^20hz
? ----- UV rays10^15 to 10^17hz

 --  visible light of 10^4.7 to 10^15 hz ---  IR rays10^11 to 10^4.7hz--- radar
 --  waves10^9.5 to 10^11.5hz

--- micro waves10^8 to 10^9.5hzTV waves10^6 to 10^8hz

--- radio waves10^1to 10^6.5hz

--  scalar ELF non-hertzian tesla waves10^1hz ---

--- mind corpuscle waves ( epsilon lower than 0,5 (suspended animation of
--- yogis)--  alpha 8-13 Hz relaxed alert -- beta 14-30 Hz intense mental
--- concentration -- theta 4-7 Hz hypnogogic delta 5-3.5 Hz sleeping  gamma mind
--- wave of 0.01-5 hz--lambda up to 200 Hz )-- -- ?



Radio waves are electromagnetic radiation emitted from rapidly vibrating metals.

Magnetic fields resonate from 103 hertz to 7 hertz.

Audio--20 20,000 Hz Ultrasonic --20,000 Hz - 100-kHz - 10 MHz Radiofrequency--
150KHz-1.5 MHz High Radio Frequency --RF 1.5MHz-40 MHz Very High Radio Frequency
--VHF 40MHz-100MHz Ultrahigh Radio Frequency-- UH over 100MHz


Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. We all
know 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83Hz Gam - 14hz Hleem - 20Hz Hreem - 26Hz Kleem - 33Hz Krowm - 39Hz Sreem
- 45Hz





Hertz wave has a wavelength that is 186,000 miles long. ,  A 10 Hz wave is
18,600 miles long, etc. Radio-waves move at the speed of light (186,000 miles
per second OR 300 000 kms per second)]. Energy with a frequency near 7.5 Hz
would have a wavelength of about 40,000 km ( wavelength = speed of light /
frequency).   Because this wavelength equals the circumference of the Earth, the
energy is able to circumnavigate the earth/ionosphere cavity without serious
degradation.

Brainwaves and audio frequencies are measured in frequency, where as light is
measured by wavelength ( the inverse of frequency ) . The higher a frequency,
the shorter its wavelength.


The brain is a electromagnetic device, EEG measurements have found that the
brain loves to create electromagnetic waves in the above four frequency bands.
It is a strange coincidence  these frequency bands are the same as that in which
the earth's global electric circuit too resonates.

The mind is electromagnetic in nature, and itself of the time-domain. It is not
observable in 3D- space.  Biological generation of scalar waves occurs when the
left and right sides of the human nervous system are working together in
balance. A person who has access to both sides of their brain is generating
scalar waves and is therefore more in touch with higher levels or higher
dimensions of functioning.



The DNA antenna in our cells’ energy production centers (mitochondria) assumes
the shape of what is called a super-coil.3 Supercoil DNA look like a series of
möbius coils. These möbius supercoil DNA are hypothetically able to generate
scalar waves.




All visible matter and invisible waves in the world can be reduced to 'vibrating
energy'.

All 'solid' objects are vibrating energy.  Unseen waves are also vibrating
energy- sound, radio, electricity, light, television waves, microwaves, x-rays,
gamma rays and psychic energy waves.

The mind is an 'energy station' which creates transmits and receives energy. The
will (of the mind) can change the form of energy. Thoughts, which are waves of
energy, can be transmitted to and from human minds within the earth plane and to
human and other entities in the afterlife in a process called telepathy.
Psychics help even US military.


All living humans have a body made up of vibrational energy which is a duplicate
of the physical body and will survive physical death. This vibrational energy
body invisible to physical eyes can change form but can never be destroyed and
retains consciousness.  At the time of physical death, the duplicate body will
have reached a certain vibrational level and will go to an energy sphere that
can accommodate that particular vibrations.  Selfless spiritual service
increases the vibrational energy of the duplicate body.   A modern golf player
first imagines a practice swing with this duplicate body.   At the Beijing
Olympics i saw a high jumper doing this mental exercise.



The after life has different levels of energy which form different spheres
according to the frequency of vibration. The faster the vibrations of a sphere
the more spiritually evolved are the denizens.

The more spiritually evolved a being is the brighter the energy of the aura or
the HALO.   Kirlian photography has shown that holding a small, double
terminated quartz doubled the photographable portion of the aura.



Slowing down the speed of the atomic vortexes of the energy will result in
materialization ( if this is what Sai Baba is doing! ).   Speeding up the
vortexes will result in de-materialisation. Mind can do this by slowing and
speeding the 7 chakra vortexes-- SECRET OF MIND OVER MATTER

Energy has a 'boomerang' effect - the energy you emanate will return to you.

We cannot observe the quantum world using our limited five senses. Instead we
must imagine particles as they really are: structures of matter waves (like
quantum waves) in their wave medium, the quantum ether.

A photon's behavior is more puzzling than that of the electron because it does
not fit into the ordinary laws of electricity and magnetism.


Every atom and molecule within us depends on the rest of the universe. If the
rest of the universe did not exist we could not exist. Energy exchange occurs
between two resonant states with identical frequencies. When it occurs, a source
state always shifts frequency downward and a receiver state shifts frequency
upward. This equality produces the observed conservation of energy. Note that
equal frequency changes are equal energy changes from the relation E=mc2.

A scalar wave is a wave that is exacyly matched by another wave. It has the same
frequency and amplitude, but has opposite direction. Such one wave cancels out
the other.


Scalar waves travel greater than the

speed of light -- as told in the Vedas

( Reiki uses this wave ) -- These scalar waves do not actually exist in our
( "material" world, but exist only in the vacuum of empty space, or the time
( domain. this vacuum of space we speak of exists all through everything. Even
( our bodies are mostly empty space between atoms and molecules.



A dipole could be a battery, which is polarized into negative and positive. Or
the terminals of a generator. Or any magnet with its two poles. Or an atom with
its positive and negative charges. Or the earth's magnetic field, the sun, and
all heavenly bodies.

A galaxy is a mega-dipole. Wherever there is a dipole there is immense scalar EM
energy ushering out of and back into the vacuum. There is a scalar connection
between the earth and the sun, which are both giant dipoles gushing energy in
the time domain



With a scalar EM pulse, people will die instantly. The body wont even decay for
a long time. no pathogen can resist action by curved spacetime engines.  All
electronic systems will be dudded. Scalar EM beams can easily penetrate the
earth or the ocean. Hence camouflage, cover, and concealment have no effect on
such a system. This is how World War 3 will be fought--  no need for explosions
.






Longitudinal EM waves can have a healing effect because they always come in
pairs called "phase conjugate pairs" and one of the pair is time-reversed. This
enables engineering of the waves to "pump" the cells of the body (with waves
from the time domain) and actually time-reverse the cells back to a previous
healthy condition.



 Thescalarcureofcancerdoesnotinvolvekillingthecancercellsbutratherpumpingthemwit
 htimeenergyintoapreviouscondition.Time-reversediseased,damagedoragedcellsbackto
 anearlierhealthycondition,includingallthecellulargenetics.Normalcellsarejustrev
 ersedtoaslightlyyoungercondition.



Since all thinking and mental effort that we do is a scalar electromagnetic
activity, it means that thoughts can truly be put in our minds from outside ,
and at-a-distance!

The essence and application of scalar-electromagnetics today is not recognised
within orthodox science except by the secret government's military and
scientific branches.With renegade use of Tesla technology via scalar
interferometry, the minds of the people of the world are now at risk of
intrusion at the most intimate mental and emotional level.



Scalar waves can also be directed to specific areas and to specific depths to
cause earthquakes by disrupting the tectonic plates.

Scalar energy is composed of 5-dimensional standing waves.  Scalar energy can be
generated in a number of ways – electronically, magnetically, physically, or
optically.


Portable interferometers would give current drug users a "hit" of the desired
state of consciousness, and thus obviate the need for drugs.


ELF waves are the very own kind of waves the mind itself uses! So an intrusion
into the mind at that level need not be noticed.




Frequency Ranges

Name/ Description/ Frequency /Range Applications

ULF Ultra-Low Frequencies 3 - 30 Hz

ELF Extremely Low Frequencies 30 - 300 Hz Navy Strategic Communications

Human Audible Frequencies 20 – 20,000 Hz

VLF Very-Low Frequencies 3kHz - 30 kHz Navy Strategic Communications

LF Low Frequencies 30 kHz - 300 kHz Navy Communications, Navigation (NDBs)

MF Medium Frequencies 300 kHz - 3 MHz Navigation (NDBs), AM Broadcast

HF High Frequencies 3 MHz - 30MHz Short Wave, Ham Radio, International Radio

VHF Very-High Frequencies 30 - MHz - 300MHz FM Broadcast, Television,
Police/Fire

UHF Ultra-High Frequencies 300 MHz - 3 GHz Satellite, GPS, Cell Phone,
Television

SHF Super-High Frequencies 3 GHz - 30 GHz Satellite Communications and Broadcast

 
Schumann Earth Resonance Frequencies 7.8 Hz, 14.0 Hz, 20.0 Hz, 26.0 Hz, 33.0 Hz,
39.0 Hz and 45.0 Hz

Because testes and eyes do not dissipate heat well, due to low blood flow
through these organs, temporary sterility and cataracts can be produced by
microwaves. Ionizing radiation is radiation that produces ions in matter during
interaction with atoms in the matter . Because of its relatively selective
lethal effect on rapidly dividing cells, however, ionizing radiation is used in
the treatment of certain cancers. Ionizing radiation can also produce mutations
by altering the DNA, and it can result in cancer.Ionizing radiation quickly
kills rapidly dividing cells.  In general, immature blood cells in bone marrow,
cells lining the mucosa of the gastrointestinal tract, and cells in the lower
layers of the epidermis and in hair follicles are the most rapidly dividing
cells in the body

REMEMBER- THERE ARE NO 2D SINE WAVES-- ALL ENERGY IS  3D VORTEX

Human hearing range is from 20 hertz to about 20,000 hertz, or 20 kilohertz. The
hertz (Hz) is a unit of frequency equalling one cycle per second. At sea level,
under standard conditions of humidity and temperature,  speed of sound is about
1,220 km/h (760 mph) represents a Mach number of 1. The same speed in the
stratosphere would correspond to a Mach number of 1.16, because of differences
in density, pressure, and temperature higher up in the sky.

Sound propagates through air or other mediums as a longitudinal wave in which
the mechanical vibration constituting the wave occurs along the direction of
propagation of the wave.  Sound wave propagating as layers of air “push” and
“pull” .

Alternating compressions and rarefactions or regions of high pressure and low
pressure, moving at a certain speed.

A sound wave with a frequency of 20 hertz would have a period of 0.05 second
(i.e., 20 wavelengths/second × 0.05 second/wavelength = 1), while a sound wave
of 20 kilohertz would have a period of 0.00005 second (20,000 wavelengths/second
× 0.00005 second/wavelength = 1). Between 20 hertz and 20 kilohertz lies the
frequency range of hearing for humans.  The physical property of frequency is
perceived physiologically as pitch, so that the higher the frequency, the higher
the perceived pitch. The amplitude of a sound wave determines its intensity,
which in turn is perceived by the ear as loudness.


“What we are today comes from our thoughts from yesterday, and our present
thoughts build our life of tomorrow—  our life is the creation of our mind.”
********************************************************************************
DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

   
OPIUM SMUGGLERS AND CARTELS OF AMERICA.




When Gandhi met with the British viceroy in 1930 after the salt satyagraha,
Gandhi took some duty- free salt from his shawl and said, with a smile, that the
salt was "to remind us of the famous Boston Tea Party."



Now what is the Boston tea party?--pray?



How did it trigger the American war of Independence?

This is the official version!

The British East India Company had controlled all tea trading between India and
the British colonies. As a result of the tea tax, the colonies refused to buy
the British tea. Instead, they smuggled tea in from Holland. This left the
British East India Company with warehouses full of unsold tea, and the company
was in danger of going out of business.

The British government was determined to prevent the British East India Company
from going out of business. It was going to force the colonists to buy their
tea. In May 1773, Prime Minister North and the British parliament passed the Tea
Act. The Tea Act allowed the British East India Company to sell tea directly to
the colonists, bypassing the colonial wholesale merchants. This allowed the
company to sell their tea cheaper than the colonial merchants who were selling
smuggled tea from Holland.

This act revived the colonial issue of taxation without representation. The
colonies once again demanded that the British government remove the tax on tea.
In addition, the dockworkers began refusing to unload the tea from ships.

The Governor of Massachusetts demanded that the tea be unloaded. He also
demanded that the people pay the taxes and duty on tea.

On the evening of December 16, 1773, a group of men calling themselves the "Sons
of Liberty" went to the Boston Harbor. The men were dressed as Mohawk Indians.
They boarded three British ships, the Beaver, the Eleanor and the Dartmouth, and
dumped forty-five tons of tea into the Boston Harbor.

What actually happened?


A group of  25 men ( NOT 150 as per propaganda ) , WITH FACES PAINTED BLACK --
all of them thinly disguised as Mohawk Indians ( just to give them a licence to
carry an axe ) , boarded the three vessels and, over the course of three hours,
broke each and every chest and dumped all 342 chests of tea into the water.

When you make symbolic protests , there is NO dire need to break 100% chests,
right? --unless you are stupid--




THE KEY THING IS ALL OF THEM , ( SENT BY DRUG RUNNERS ) , CARRIED HATCHETS MEANT
FOR BREAKING OPEN EVERY CHEST OF TEA AND SIFTING FOR HIDDEN SATCHELS OF OPIUM
INSIDE .  AND THEY TOOK ONLY THE OPIUM AWAY  — REST OF THE 90000 POUNDS OF TEA
WAS DUMPED INTO THE WATER.



THE OPIUM SATCHELS CONTAINED MANY TIMES MORE VALUE FOR MONEY-- THAN SIMPLE TEA.

FROM 1773 TO 1834, THE POWERFUL AND DEADLY OPIUM IMPORTERS ( WE ALL KNOW THIS
POWERFUL SECRET SOCIETY OF USA , STILL CONTROLLING SWISS MONEY ) UNDER PAIN OF
DEATH, PREVENTED ALL NEWSPAPERS FROM PUTTING THIS EVENT TO PRINT.

I DARE ANYBODY TO SHOW SOME NEWS ABOUT THE " BOSTON TEA PARTY FROM 1773 TO 1834.


 Imustsaythatthis"trigger"forWarofIndependence,hadaamazinglylongfuse.

Almost all the rich southerner slave owners were addicts of Opium.  Even Abraham
Lincolns wife Mary Todd was addicted to Laudanum ( Opium medicine )

Only a conscience stricken  George Robert Twelves Hewes, ( born in Boston in
1742 ) revealed this in his biography, just before he died—  but he left out the
true reason .  He did NOT write about opium for fear of retribution to his
descendants.  He was one of the participants of the "tea party" at the age of
31.






 

The event did NOT happen at  Griffin's Wharf , but  near the foot of Hutchinson
Street (today's Pearl Street).


Though the night was dark—the sound of 342 chests being hacked open could be
heard for miles around due to the stillness of wind.


William Molineux (c. 1717 – October 22, 1774), who organized the dressed up
Indian Mohawk hatchet party was assassinated within 10 months— as a dire warning
to anybody who will spill the beans.

Even his house at Beacon hill was torn down,  and he was deleted from history.
It was assumed that he hid some secrets , whcih would spill the beans , in some
dark attic.


This rich Boston merchant was once a friend of Samuel Adams, and  was one of the
most influential American citizens. He had more authority on the streets of pre-
revolutionary Boston than Adams himself.

The British conquest of India in 1772 was to ensure a monopoly of the opium
production India—primarily meant for China .

The cargo manifests of all the three ships involved in the Boston Tea Party,
included opium.

During the 1770s, the Chinese were trading silk and spices for European gold,
nearly bankrupting the East India Company and the Rothschilds banking
establishment.


The tea spilt at Boston was East India company tea, who had a monopoly of the
Opium trade from India to China on tea clippers . While dumping the tea--some
opium spilt on the decks--and these dressed up Indians swept the decks clean.

There was NO cheering party on the quay ,as per propaganda-- rather there was
pin drop silence, while the crates were being hacked in the darkness, between
7pm to 10 pm..


The next morning when some people were trying to inspect the tea from the
dockwater, they were roughed up and all the floating tea was sunk by roughnecks
in broad daylight. These people had reported that there was a strange odour .





On Dec 16th  1773 the log book of Free Masons Lodge at St. Andrew’s Boston , had
a  terse entry -- “Lodge closed on account of few members present."



Why not?

The Boston brahmins --the fabulously rich Cabot family were in the so called
"tea import " trade and the slave trade.

Slave trader Thomas Handasyd Perkins of Newburyport.was one of the Boston
brahmins--as was Coolidge , Delano ( Roosevelt family ) and Alsop.  .

Perkins family had wide net of blood relatives like Opium runners Appletons,
Endicots, Hoopers, Higginsons, Jacksons, Lowells, Lawrences, Phillipses,
Saltsonstalls etc.

Sutherlands ( cousin of Hongkong drug business chief Matheson ) , Barings ( P&O
opium shipping founders ) and Lehmans ( drug money laundering ) were cousins of
drug running Rothschild.

Russels bought off Perkins and the chief of the drug tradepost in Canton was
Warren Delano Jr--great grandfather of President Roosvelt.

Russels and drug runner Tafts founded the white skull and cross bones society.
On Russels Trust Co fleet they flew the Templar knights flag. Charles Cabot of
Boston was openly smuggling Opium to China under the protection of the British.

Schiff, Carrs, Harriman, Guggenheim, Stimson, Dupont, Wayhauser, Vanderbilt,
Good year, Philbury, Bush-were all Skull and Bone fraternity members , in the
Opium business.

The Boston free masons here were sub-contractors and opium US sub-distributors
of the king pin Rothschild family , principals of the British East Indian
company , who grew opium in India.

Rothschilds family is now worth 300 trillion US or 300 million million USD. In
the days of the Boston tea party they held their money in underground vaults.
This includes Tipu Sultan's gold ( stolen from Calicut temples ) worth more than
100 Billion USD .

Now they keep it in Swiss banks. In 1773, the year of the Boston tea party,
Mayer Rothschild invited 12 wealthy opium runners to his gold vault and
introduced the first new world order called Illuninati. Later they became the
Free Masons, to become more respectable.

It was Illuninati ( under James and Nathan Rothschilds ) who came up with the
Battle of Waterloo scheme. The brothers financed both sides of the famous battle
at Waterloo, between the French and the English. With advanced knowledge of the
British victory, Nathan Rothschild spread lies that the British had been
defeated, which caused a crash in the value of British Government bonds.

While panicked English investors sold up their life savings, Nathan Rothschild
bought-up their bonds for pennies on the dollar. When official news of the
British victory at Waterloo arrived, the English bond-market skyrocketed and so
did Nathan Rothschild's wealth. In one foul swoop, the Demon Brothers had
double-crossed the English masses and taken control of the Bank of England .

Flaunting their tremendous wealth, the brothers went on a lavish spending spree.

By 1823 the Rothschilds were guardians of the entire papal treasure and took
over the financial operations of the Catholic Church and the Pope.   .

 
The British East India company used their employee Max Mueller to inject poison
into Hinduism and Vedic culture.  Max Mueller claimed that Rig Veda was written
in 1500 BC,( on instructions from Vatican )  while actually it was written in
5000 BC.

The vedic civilization flourished on the banks of the river Saraswati from 9000
BC to 4000 BC, when suddenly the river dried up due to tectonic shifts blocking
the glacial mouth at the Himalayas. The Indian Aryans migrated outwards , not
inwards from Europe as claimed by Max Mueller . DNA tests in this decade have
proved this beyond doubt.


As early as 1606, Queen Elizabeth I used her chartered ships to import Opium
from India. By 1680 English apothecary Thomas Sydenham created Laudanum, by
blending Opium with Sherry and herbs. .

In 1700 Dutch were the first to take Opium from Bengal, Bihar and Malva in India
and introduce the pleasures of smoking it from a pipe to the Chinese.


The Opium syndicate head Perkins company from Boston were smuggling into USA ,
Opium from Smyrna Turkey , on the quiet using fast clippers.  Cabot , Forbes and
Weld families were secretly buying Opium from the British East India company and
then smuggling it to USA as well as China.


Boston was the key Opium import port of USA. The Russel and Sturgis family , who
gave the Skull and bones emblem , was one of the big financiers of the Boston
Opium trade. The Astor fur merchant family smuggled Opium from Turkey to New
York City.

John Jacob Astor being Rothschild was a stockholder in British East India
Company. Waldorf Astor who owned the Waldorf Astoria hotel in New York was a
Freeason.

In USA prohibition was financed by Rockfellers, Wanderbilts and Warburgs-- via
the Rockfeller foundation and Russells foundation. It was just a con to sell an
alternative intoxicant and make fast money--and how!


Yale ( drug runner John Cleve Green ) , Princeton , Harvard and Columbia ( drug
runner Abiel Abbot Low ) universities were made by Opium money.  Drug money
launderer Rockfeller made Chicago university , Rockfeller univeristy and John
Hopkins School of Public health with drug money.



Let us NOT be under any illusion that this is a philantropic exercise. Say, if
you own a prestigious Medical College , many powerful members of the society,
like politicians, police, judges, income tax officers will want to get free
admission for their children, cirumventing merit-- this is how you grab the
ultimate intoxicating power.



In 1687 Boston born and London educated Opium kingpin Elihu Yale was the
Governor of Madras India.

Fur trader meant Opium trader-- it was just a front.  United Fruit Company which
made South America a banana republic was founded by drug runner Joseph Coolidge.
Joseph Coolidge was one of the Red Indians , with axe at the Boston tea party.
At that time he was 46.  On 3rd Aug 1923, his grandson John Calvin Coolidge Jr
was sworn in as the 30th President of USA by his father , John Calvin Coolidge
Sr, at his home in Plymouth Notch vermount, and he went back to sleep--earning
him the "cool cat" name.

The fur trading Astor family who were first class passengers in the Titanic,
made their money from Opium. In fact fabulously rich opium family German Jewish
ladies Madeleine Talmage Astor ( age 18 ) and Elizabeth Jane Anne Rothschild
made the Titanic Movie famous.


All  Freemasons and Boston Brahmins get automatic entry into their opium funded
universities. Even Wikepedia dares NOT say a word linking Boston Brahmins with
opium-- to hell with their claims of truth and neutrality. But then who wants to
get their knee caps broken?

CIA helicopters in Vietnam did most of the drug running from far flung remote
god forsaken outposts- and the naive Yank commonman thought they were fighting
communism. How many honest men got drafted and died!.

Freemasons and their agents " The Triads" still run the opium syndicate after
centuries. Mess with the Triads , and you can kiss you ass goodbye.

Forbes does NOT put Rothschild in the Forbes 500 list, though they are worth
more than the sum total of the entire 500 members wealth -- more than 3 hundred
Trillion USD..

Fur Trader Forbes ( descendants John Forbes Kerry and John Murray Forbes ) was
in the Opium business and were agents of Rothschild at Boston.

JP Morgan was the main protecting agents of Rothschild in USA.

To find out about the source of opium , punch into Google search THE DRUG
RUNNERS OF INDIA- VADAKAYIL

You can see Boston born Freemason Benjamin Franklin's ( 1723 to 1790 ) face on
the US greenback. On Feb 19th 1998 , the London times photographed the skeletons
of 6 children and 4 women ( wide hipbones )  with hacksawed bones and drilled
skulls, in Benjamin Franklin's London home, dated scientifically to be around
the Boston tea party time.. Everybody knows of the bizzare Hellfire sexual
ritual orgies in this house, where women were dressed up as nuns.




Now, here is something for the common American citizen to chew on --  try to
make sense about it.



Before 1980, when the Soviets were in Afghanistan the opium production was NIL.
After the US/ CIA backed Mujaheeden worn the war against the Soviets, by 1986
Afghanistan was producing 42% of the Heroin supply to the world.   By 1999 this
figure jumped to 81%.

 

Then the evil Taliban came to power , and by 2000 , they destroyed all poppy
fields and banned opium cultivation and the Afghan contribution to heroin world
supply became a mere 3%.



Today US controlled Afghanistan supplies 93% of the world's heroin supply!.






So Columbian drug cartels are the BAAAD guys right?!



In the video above US is helping Opium famers, so that they dont starve-- HOW
SWEET!! WHY DONT THEY EXTEND SUCH SWEETNESS IN JAMAICA AND COLUMBIA TOO? --are
we stupid?

Today these Ivy league opium funded universities are actively involved in
playing politics in India.
********************************************************************************
THE SCOURGE OF COMMUNALISM -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


REGULARS READING MY BLOGS WILL SAY--THIS IS JUST NOT THE CAPTAIN'S STYLE-- YES,
IT IS NOT--

THIS WAS AN ESSAY I WROTE FOR MY 14 YEAR OLD SON FOR HIS SCHOOL PROJECT, TWO
YEARS AGO --

We in India love to talk about “unity in diversity”.



Such a catchy slogan of an ideal India where different communities, races,
religions, languages and cultural groups co-exist in harmony .

Communalism in India is the major cause of violence and intolerance in modern
times (however we do tend to unite in times of external threat) .



 IntolerancewasthereasonwhyBritishwasableto"divideandrule"Indiaforcenturies.



Our enemies and anti national elements are able to create separatist tendencies
and communal feelings easily. Lawlessness and Naxalism are on the rise. We have
not shown the will to crush these disruptive separatist forces with an iron
hand, due to vote bank politics and ruthless politicians being voted into the
Parliament.


There are foreign powers fanning flames of communalism, racialism, provincialism
, lingualism and casteism because they are jealous of our fast rise as a
financial and military power. They fund Judas NGOs in India to be their
instruments of subversion. They have their stooges coming on TV news channels
funded by them on prime time to sow seeds of suspicion between castes and sects
of Indian people.

For national integration it is important that we the people give up communal and
sectarian outlooks. We should be Indians first and Indians last.


It is important to remove the divide between haves and have-nots and reduce
unemployment, to give hope to the down trodden . Justice must be swift and fair.



Narrow minded language groups behave in a chauvinistic manner and have launched
hate movements on the basis of son of the soil theory. An example is the “Marati
Manoos“ agitation in Maharshtra with the champions of hatred and their
perpetrators behaving as if they are a law by themselves.





The Cauvery water dispute riots saw many fall victim to meaningless riots. A lot
of regional parties have cropped up in India who tilt the power balance , when a
government has to be formed with full 2/3 majority.

 Inthelastelectionsabigchunkofthecandidateswereknowncriminals.



Election manifestos are made to win the election with cheap gimmicks like free
colour TV’s—with the needs of the country and society totally ignored.

There is another mini India in the north east part where the people have never
been considered in the mainstream and have been alienated -- just because they
don’t look like the rest of us .


Most of these areas do not have basic facilities. Seething with discontent they
have taken to militancy.

The Naxalism movement has risen due to neglect of backward people in mineral and
forest rich regions. Politics of regionalism has degenerated into militancy and
terrorism, with our external enemies providing them with weapons and training.


Religion must never be allowed to mix with politics. Rulers now use religion to
hold absolute power. It has become a drug -- more potent can any intoxicant.



Caste system must be eradicated , whose roots lie in the law of inequality.
Every society in India is caste ridden . Even Christians and Muslims cannot go
to just any church or mosque they feel like.

There are about 140 castes in Kerala Christianity and 10 castes among Muslims.
Latin catholic, Syrian catholic , Pentecost, Salvation army, Marthoma, 7th day
Adventist, Orthodox, Jacobite churches do not want others to wander in and pray.
Every caste has its own rituals and self imposed restrictions.



We now have reservation policies, where the divide is made wider, with merit
taking a severe beating. The caste system must die, for India to progress and
know peace.



We in Kerala like to boast of our high literacy and high tech health facilities.
Most of this feel good factor is because of the regular NRI money inflow. Take
this aside and what you see is dirty politics and trade unionism.



There is hardly any leader of stature whom people can respect. We elected a ex-
tailor chief minister , and what he does on day ONE is to break down illegal
structures with him playing to the gallery in front of TV cameras—like a union
leader and unlike a parliamentarian. Nobody dares invest in this beautiful state
called “god’s own country” , marred by hartals, bandhs and daily demonstrations.
Too much meaningless politics has killed the economic development of this state
populated with bright people.




Like Churchill once said “ in war you get killed once—in politics you get killed
over and over again and again”.



Regionalism and religion bases political parties must be banned from central
politics, and a presidential form of government like in USA imposed . Of course
this president ( like Abdul Kalam ) will have to be patriotic , honest ,
principled , fair and level headed.



He will need to be above the usual run of the mill politician who is a scoundrel
at heart , and has used politics as a last refuge -- as he could not get a
decent well paying job with his level of education, mindset and intelligence.
This is why he uses his elected office as a personal fiefdom.




We need a strong leader who has the vision -- to envisage a country without
labels, to rise together as a whole.

Bottom line:  99% of armed insurgency in India is fuelled and fanned by foreign
funded NGOs operating as TROJAN HORSES-- in the garb of environmentalists, human
rights activists, messiah missionaries  etc.
********************************************************************************
THE CAPTAIN SLEEPS TONIGHT -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



This for future poets who want to carve a niche for themselves on this planet.

Poetry is the flow of intense thoughts— otherwise it is NOT poetry.

It need not rhyme , unless you are writing it as a nursery rhyme for little
children to sing along.


Once you start reading poetry you will NOT be able to stop.


And finally when you do stop, you will feel something inside your heart— if it
is good poetry.

Love and nostalgia take very little effort to make that impact.

Gone are the days of Victorian bombardment. An ordinary man on the street can
write good poetry.


Good poetry means 90% of the people both erudite and illiterate who read it will
be impressed.

The remaining 10% misanthropes of this planet , who need something other than
poetry to get impressed, please excuse.




after six months of camping, in lonely avenue


wound up taut,  like a high tension spring


suffering from the blues , when lonely winds blew past


falling apart from the seams,  when bad new came from home


yet,  never allowing a sight to get out of his heart


controlling his biological urges,  being the perfect family man


changing coats constantly,  as the situation on board deemed


judge, doctor, policeman, accountant, pest control, cook


journalist , plumber, head shrink, soldier ( without license to kill )


businessman --you name it--he does it as part of his job


round the clock, not 9 to 5 -- day after day, without holiday


giving away prizes, which he , and only he had earned


yet, willingly being the scapegoat , when murphy's law ruled


trying to figure out the blurred line between fact and fiction


living on the edge, never feelin' immune to the prospect of failure


working for bosses who had mastered the art of exploiting vulnerability


steeling himself to read telexes which started -- "we fail to understand--"


being the punching bag for thankless owners , managers and charterers


being forced to take uncalculated risks, against his better judgement


trying to push his ship, to keep pace with a pea brained schedule


pushing mr.pride aside,  when dealing with customs and coastguard


itching to bloody their noses , but somehow,  holding his peace


forcing him to add more names, to the list of people who could kiss his ass


being patient to wait for one more minute, past eternity


dealing with faceless men, and spineless backdoor hustlers


who got their kicks ,by sending missiles by telex from overseas


rubbing shoulders with powers that be , who put their mouths into motion


without putting their collective brains into gear --even once


deadening his raw nerves in the cold comfort of whisky heaven


--the days his bosses played petty mind games of domination on him


distrusting angels which fly too low-- not believing in messiahs


burning bridges behind him , when the situation became 'no go'


combating the sinkin' feeling that time is running out on him


time and again, counting the odds against tomorrow


wearing lucky charms , combating ulcers and nose bleeds


yet thriving on the virus of pressure , like the quintessential shark


which need to suck salt water past its gills to stay alive


after all this--


this modern seafarin' gypsy has passed on his crown of thorns


packed his bags,  and is now a stranger in even stranger lands


destination home-sweet-home, his DTGH is only one


wending his weary way to his hotel room, he drops on the bed


the windmills of his mind come to a smooth halt , as he falls into slumber


they had been ceaselessly turned by winds of anxiety, the last six months


it is unwinding time now for this poor wanderer


HUSH!


NOT A SOUND!!


THE CAPTAIN SLEEPS TONIGHT!!!







DTGH--   means " days to go home "
********************************************************************************
SAILORS DO CRY ! -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL












I remember the days , you threw your love on me strong

I was the typical sailor on shore leave— full of life

You were eager to walk with me,  on the wild side

You kept pouring love into my heart

Till I looked at you,  with eyes of love

It was love on a two way lane

Remember those seven day weekends

When we ate nothing but soul food


Then came the shipping recession, and my world crumbled

King Midas in reverse , I was in the middle of a heart ache

Slowly , but surely, you drifted away when I needed you the most

You had no use for knights in rusty armour

I tried dancing some more with you, on the jagged edge

Though I knew well , that it takes two to tango

I still remember the night you called it a day

Even while I desperately tried lighting candles in the rain

I cried all the way home—yes , sailors do cry!


You broke my heart in more places than I could ever find out

I had nobody to help me pick up the broken pieces

There was no sunshine for long after you left

It was permanent rainy season for my heart

My lips smiled , my eyes never did

I lived in a daze , in a black and white world

Sometimes I wondered, where all the flowers had gone

Yes baby, I loved you so much , it hurt ed

My friend hastened to tell me “ you need a vacation from love!’


Then my bewitching new love waltzed into my life

She knew all, but let me be her third world country

Her kisses were sweeter than wine

She had the chord of my heart go TWANG!

Let me tell you, you are nobody till somebody loves you

She wove my broken dreams and got me hummin’ again

Then BANG came the shipping boom, out of the blue

King Midas on overdrive, I became all over again

My cup of happiness overflowed like never before


Now you are on the other side of goodbye

You are just another faceless person in the crowd

“No parking for you” says the road signs in my heart

Now I can give you anything , but love

I thank god , you could not draw my well of love dry

Our love ghosts tango no longer

Our song has ended , the melody does not linger

My lovely dream weaver owns this heart, I once hung up for you

Please don’t talk about me , now that I am not yours

 ( THIS IS A TRUE STORY-- OF MY FRIEND )






This for future poets who want to carve a niche for themselves on this planet.

Poetry is the flow of intense thoughts— otherwise it is NOT poetry.

It need not rhyme , unless you are writing it as a nursery rhyme for little
children to sing along. Once you start reading poetry you will NOT be able to
stop.  And finally when you do stop, you will feel something inside your heart—
if it is good poetry.




Love and nostalgia take very little effort to make that impact.

Gone are the days of Victorian bombardment. An ordinary man on the street can
write good poetry. Good poetry means 90% of the people both erudite and
illiterate who read it will be impressed.

The remaining 10% misanthropes of this planet , who need something other than
poetry to get impressed, please excuse.
********************************************************************************
DELTA BRAIN WAVES -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Explorers of consciousness work in the delta range. Delta is the slowest of all
5 brain frequencies- others being , alpha, beta, theta and gamma .


Your brain goes into the delta range of 1 to 3 Hz range during deep non REM
dreamless sleep. You also go to this range when you are knocked unconscious in a
boxing bout, or if you are given anesthesia in the hospital.



Masters of meditation and the ancient Indian rishis could go into this range
easily ( Samadhi ) and still be conscious and aware .  During this delta range
the brain is at the lowest frequency but at the highest amplitude.


Theta brain waves are associated with " subconscious mind " --while delta is
connected with " unconscious mind "



Your 5 physical senses take a break and there is a profound feeling of peace. It
reduces the level of stress hormone Cortisone. Cortisone makes you age fast.



Beginners of meditation can go only to alpha and theta. When your brain is in
the delta range your body heals itself and produces hormones DHEA (de-hydro-
epian-andosterone) and melatonin.



The EEG is not sophisticated enough to measure when you are in the delta range.
High DHEA levels due to production by your adrenaline glands means high
vitality, energy , immunity and health. Melatonin is associated with restful
sleep.



Sleep is divided into 90 minute cycles between REM ( rapid eye motion ) and non
REM deep sleep. During REM sleep exchange of information takes place between the
left lobe and right lobe of the brain.


In 9 hours of sleep there will be 6 such cycles.


The ancient Vedic rishis took Soma , a potent drug stronger than LSD to go into
the delta range for terrific intuition . They could tap into " universal
knowledge " ( the mind beyond our own or the collective unconscious ). The Vedic
sages has 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands. The Vedic civilisation
flourished from 9000 BC to 4000 BC on the banks of the river Saraswati, till the
river dried up, due to tectonic shift blocking the glacial mouth at the
Himalayas.




The Oracles of Delphi also took hallucinatory drugs to get into the delta range
and make predictions.

English poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge wrote the Ancient Mariner and Kublai Khan
while in a drug trance.



Abrupt awakening from REM sleep makes you recall dreams for that fleeting short
time.




Opium derived morphine reduces the duration of REM sleep, and also delays the
onset of the first REM sleep.





 CAPTAJITVADAKAYIL

********************************************************************************
BRITISH MUSEUM , HOUSE OF STOLEN TREASURES AND VANDALISED ARTIFACTS -- CAPT AJIT
VADAKAYIL













I stayed in London for 2 weeks for briefing , prior joining a British flagged
ship. (By the way this Stainless steel Chemical tanker , St James Park was with
the Somalian pirates for several months.)

Every day I used to walk down from my hotel at Tavishtock square , to the
British Museum-- just a few minutes walk.

Every year 7 million people visit this greatest universal museum of the world
which was established in 1753 , and now contain more than 13 million objects.

Every single day , as soon as I entered the building some sort of feeling would
possess me. I had the same feeling on all the days. It was a mixture of
nostalgia, rage , shame . Hacked off and broken statue faces, limbs, noses lay
every where .

It was the equivalent of you , coming across a beautiful woman with long hair.
And soon enough her chopped off nose, long hair and breasts lands up for display
in a glass cage, leaving her faceless, bald , breast less and dead. The
rationale being --" See her hair and breasts were NOT safe on her own body!, We
saved it "

And now-- wonder of wonders-- using this chopped off hair and tit-- Rothschild
and Vatican has been rewriting th history of the planet. " See when we look at
the tit objectively, from this angle, we can deduce that this woman had two
childern BLAH BLAH"


95% of the artifacts in the British Museum are stolen and vandalized objects ,
and not as the greedy British historians would like us to believe that they were
gifts or given for safe keeping.

I remember feeling physically overwhelmed by the sheer scale and variety of the
artifacts, art and ideas on display:

 5000yearoldMesopotamianrelics,Romanstatuary,Pharaoniccarvings,Vikingburialobjec
 ts,IndianBuddhisttreasures,BabylonianAntiques,TheGreekApollotemplefrieze,theTur
 kishHalicarnassussculptures,Chineseceramics,UrMesopotamiangoldenware---


They hardly gave importance to the vedic idols. The vedic civilisation is the
worlds first civilisation.  It flourished on the banks of the river Saraswati
from 9000 BC to 4000 BC, till the river dried up due to tectonic shifts blocking
the Himalayan glacial mouth.

-- I wandered, blinking, from room to room.

The priceless Egyptian Rosetta stone,  vandalized Parthenon marbles,  Benin
Bronzes, Ethopian tabots and royal crown , Tajikistan treasures,  broken busts
of Ramses II,  Amenhotep III , the 8 foot tall bronze Buddha sakyamuni (
ridiculously renamed as Birmingham Buddha ),  the  Amaravati stupa railings ,
the Assyrian black obelisk,  the Portland vase  etc etc.

The museum was not trying to tell me something; it seemed to be offering to tell
me everything.

At the entrance the golden roll of honour of Patrons of the British Museum was
displayed . Now who are these so called Lord Elgins in reality ? – just evil
smugglers, looters and vandalisers.

Elgin kept all his stolen greek marble goodies with himself , and sold it to the
British museum for 35000 pounds only when his ass was on fire.

I asked one of the English Captains about the mindless vandalism and brazen
display of stolen treasures. I said “ If you visit an Indian Museum you will
never find stolen treasures and vandalized objects". He replied “ We British
have a lot , we are not proud about. We are indeed guilty of stealing culture ”
.

True-- If one has at least some vestige of self-respect one would not seek the
possession of anything which belongs to another by right” .

Will the British allow Stonehenge to be vandalized, broken into little pieces
and then shipped to the museum of some other country? – talk about double
standards.

The same British government has made a huge fuss about returning art and
treasures stolen by the Nazis during the second world war.  But they will not
practice what they preach.

Don't the English have artifacts of their own culture and own history that they
can show in museums? Britain can no longer claim a monopoly of civilization and
culture. Booty from an occupied land may have been often taken in history, but
it's not legal and definitely immoral to hold on to it, when the rightful owners
want if back in the 21st century.

East India Company, who came to India in the year 1612 as traders and soon
turned their attention to collecting some of the finest artifacts which they
took back as personal possessions. Then they cultivated Opium in Bengal , India
and smuggled more than 3000 tons to China , to barter with silver/ tea and to
make addicts out of 20 million Chinese -- incl the emperor.

History repeats itself.

The widespread looting in Baghdad, Basra, Mosul, Kirkuk and other Iraqi cities,
following the collapse of the Ba'athist regime of President Saddam Hussein, was
not merely an incidental byproduct of the US military conquest of Iraq. It was
deliberately encouraged and fostered. Thousands took part in the looting in
Baghdad which began , the day the Hussein government ceased to function in the
capital city .

Perhaps the most devastating loss for the Iraqi people is the ransacking of the
National Museum, the greatest trove of archaeological and historical artifacts
in the Middle East. The 28 galleries of the huge museum were picked clean by
looters who made off with more than 171,000 irreplaceable artifacts, relics of
past civilizations dating back 8,000 years . These included the Sacred Vase of
Warka [ 3200 B.C.], the Mask of Warka [ 3100 B.C.], the Golden Harp of Ur [ 2500
B.C.], the Bassetki Statue [2250 B.C.],  the twin copper Ninhursag Bulls [ca.
2475 B.C.].  Also stolen was a spectacular collection of more than 1,000 pieces
of gold jewelry and precious stones from the eighth and ninth centuries B.C.
that had been discovered between 1988 and 1990 by Iraqi archaeologist Muzahim
Hussein Mahmud during his excavation of four royal tombs, and is considered by
many to be one of the greatest archaeological finds . The museum's entire card
catalog was destroyed, making it impossible even to identify what has been lost
. The military stood by toothless.

The Mesopotamian civilisation along with the Vedic Indian civilisation is the
oldest in the world-- what was stolen , were all priceless-- you cant put a US
dollar tag on it.

Donald Rumsfeld famously said . "All freedom's untidy. Free people are free to
make mistakes and commit crimes” .

Today Rothschild would like you and me to believe , that they only contributed
honourable stuff like zoological specimens -- like turtle shells --

How sweet!

Sniff!



It is good that India, who has never attacked any other country in history, is
now becoming a huge military power.

Who says history cannot be reversed?

However, might is NOT right.

If the true owner wants it back, an artifact or relic must be returned!





Above is the oldest and most pricess piece in the entire museum -- a 9000 year
old Apsara carving ( Emperor Vikramaditya )
********************************************************************************
SUPER TYPHOON BART, THE PERFECT STORM -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




THE PERFECT STORM




In the end of 2000 I went with my wife and two sons for the movie “ The perfect
storm “ .

At the end just before the small trawler got engulfed by the massive wave the
entire movie hall including my two children let out a collective gasp.

As we came out from the hall after the movie my elder son , 14 years old at that
time, told my wife “ Daddy was not impressed by the movie “

I heard my wife telling him quietly “ Last year daddy survived a category 5
storm , which is several times bigger “.  My wife has sailed with me for 9 years
and she had been through many Category 1 hurricanes , cyclones  and typhoons.

On 19th Sept 1999 my ship was discharging diesel , jet fuel and gasoline at
Okinawa islands for the US military base.

She was a 13 year old 60000 DWT tanker, and we had just 20% cargo balance , when
the port shut and all ships including the US base aircraft carriers, nuclear
submarines and the rest sailed away east into the Pacific to keep maximum
distance from the eye of the approaching storm, predicted to grow to a category
5 storm.  (Hurricane Katrina was category 3 – a less powerful one.)




We had 3 days before the storm passed Okinawa.  Initially it appeared that the
eye approaching at a direction of NE would pass east of the island , then it
appeared that it would pass west . Nothing can be taken for granted for a
typhoon, as unlike hurricanes and cyclones else where in the world , typhoons
are fickle and can change direction in a unpredictable manner , even take loops.

I had the safety department of my company – about 12 old fogey masters from
London eating my head and twisting my arm to sail off east into the pacific with
the US navy.  This company was the largest VLCC operator of the world in the
seventies ( no names ).

I made a quick risk assessment . My ship’s tall mid ship mast was unsupported
without wire stays . The single long derrick could plumb 10 metres outside the
hull on both sides.



In the past 13 years the ship had survived several category 1 storms—but this
one was special . There was NO time to weld eyes and rig up proper stays . If I
sailed out with the existing draft and trim, my ship would slam , and have
propeller over speed trips, and do hardly 2 knots with wind from right ahead and
swell from beam (as per Buy Ballots law). The cargo tanks could not be
ballasted.

I quickly called for a crew muster on the bridge.

I told my crew “ The worst storm ever to hit the pacific is coming and is just
2.5 days away. Company wants us to sail away like how the US fleet has done ,
but in my opinion our ship will get damaged very badly , the midship mast might
fall down and we may sink.  The other option is to use the Okinawa island as a
typhoon shelter , where I will offer my ship to the wind , never to the waves .
Liquid is NOT compressible while air is.  The decision is yours,  as now this
extraordinary situation demands that you partake in this decision where your own
lives are in danger”

The crew were too stunned for words.

Then I said “ I plan to stay right here at Okhinawa , which is a perfect natural
typhoon shelter with the island as a W shape, with 500 metres high mountains – I
must repeat that company has ordered me to sail away with the US fleet .  I know
what to do and I  too have a family  waiting for me at home.  All those who
trust my judgement and support my decision to stay here, raise your hands. I
will monitor everything for the next 3 days personally . I promise you a safe
and divine experience. I am competent and confident enough to deal with this
situation  ”

That was the quickest raise of hands I have ever seen in my life.

The decision made and behind me ,  I made a call to the safety department
captains in London.

The old captains  , bedded down for retirement,  were already pissed off with me
because within 24 hours of taking over command I had sent them a message stating
that all past oil record book entries treat port slop tank as the dirty slop and
stbd slop as the clean slop ( closed cycle wash ) while it is actually opposite,
as the position of the lower equalizing valve determines which is slop clean and
which is dirty. And all of them has inspected the ship and done sailing audits
over the past 13 years.  It also proved that the ship and the company had
flouted Marpol regulations over 13 years.

The safety dept curtly and rudely ordered me to sail .

To prevent lengthy arguments , I just told them to FO  “ You are interested in
property and insurance . I am interested in lives and cannot betray the trust of
my crew.  TA TA BYE BYE , shall talk again after the storm blows over in 3 days
time— till then you shall leave me alone. Then I took the ship to the right side
of the W  (see picture ) , assuming that the eye would pass west of Okinawa 35
miles off, and anytime the eye passed east of Okinawa then I would bring my ship
to the left of the W in a jiffy . The island is just 60 miles long .

As per Buy Ballots law the swell comes from the eye , but wind comes 90 degrees
to the left in the northern hemisphere. Or conversely stop the ship and face the
wind--the eye of the storm ( close by ) will be 90 degrees to your right in the
northern hemisphere. The crew rigged up a comfortable bed for me in the
wheelhouse.

Every 30 minutes I would personally record the direction of wind and swell. This
was to find out if the eye would pass to west of Okinawa or the east.  This was
the area where the eye would suddenly pick up speed or unpredictable change
direction.

On 21st 0600 UTC the eye was 200 miles SW of Okinawa, approaching in a NE
direction at 7 knots . To cut a long story short—Okinawa island US naval base
has their meteorological station.

They recorded the edge of the eye to have passed 34 miles west of the island
with a strength of 262 kilometers / hour winds and barometric pressure of 898
HPa / Millibars at 1200 UTC on 22nd Sept 1999.   This made super typhoon Bart
greater than category 5 on the Saffir Simpson scale , and the strongest typhoon
ever recorded in the Pacific.

The previous one was a category 5 typhoon Vera on Sept 26th  1959 --  less
powerful than Bart. Vera had killed 5238 people.  But Bart killed just 30 people
but destroyed  80000 homes in Japan and caused 4 billion USD in damages. The
night the 10 mile diameter storm eye passes the island to the west, I took my
ship outside the right hand side of the W—again to offer my ship only to the
wind, never to the waves.  Every thing outside looked like milky foam. Our ear
drums pained due to less atmospheric pressure. Rain was horizontal.  The ship
was getting a high pressure wash of compressed air and water. I could see tough
epoxy paint getting stripped.

The anemometer bearings meant for 120 kms/hr winds max –got overheated and
disintegrated. My crew watched  hit Bollywood movies though the storm.

Once it was established that the hurricane eye would indeed past west of the
Island, Chief officer came on bridge and offered to relieve me for a short cat
nap.

I said  " No!, this would be in breach of my promise to the crew that i would
personally take take care of everything " My Chief officer went down and slept
through the storm  .

Next day after the storm passed and was racing for Japan , I asked him  “ Did
you get a peaceful sleep?” He said “ Yes , that is because I trusted your
judgement . Other wise I would have informed the London safety dept and deposed
you!” I said “ Son, did you get such inspiring thoughts from the Hollywood movie
Crimson Tide ? Thank your stars that you did NOT give me the self inflicted
black spot, wrest command from me the way submarine Chief Mate Denzel Washington
did to Captain Gene Hackman.  If you remember, there was a show of hands . Our
crew trusted the experience and competence of a senior master— they would have
just thrown you into the howling winds  , if you had tried anything silly! ”
Well,  my Chief officers face turned white as a sheet . When your life is in
danger, normal rules, regulations and procedures don’t apply.  When
extraordinary situations develop, you require extra ordinary solutions. My
solution was based on a 4000 year old Indian story from Panchatantra tales  . It
was about a fight between the mountain and the wind, where the mountain won.
Panchatantra was a series of stories based on the varied and exotic wild life in
Indian Jungles, basically deep jungle wisdom. Every story has a moral. I just
used the 500 metre high mountain range of Okinawa to beat the wind.  I used
nature to beat nature. Digression: It is is a paradox--when things go beyond a
limit you have to use the same medium to fight.  When a oil rig catches fire --
fight fire with fire like Red Adiar—water will not work. Create a second larger
fire which will eat up the first fire, and then put off the second fire by
remote control.    When your crude oil tanks are too dirty with thick black
sludge, you cant wash it with water--you have to do COW , (crude oil wash) with
the same medium, and the tanks become amazingly clean.

And when it crosses the Lakshman Rekha , or threshold, the opposite happens.
When grief if too much you start to laugh.  If the track is too slippery , mud
bikers turn the handle the opposite way. When you travel faster and faster you
go ahead in time, and when you cross the speed of light, you go back in time.




Later we came to know that the US aircraft carrier , who sailed away 3 days in
advance , had lost planes from the flight deck.

Such was the power and reach of Super Typhoon Bart.

 


What were the damages to my ship? Stripped epoxy paint all over due to the water
blasting , a gaping hole where the anemometer fan was,  fresh water in each and
every external light shade-- that's all--


--  since the London safety department old fogeys could NOT patronise me, it
--  pissed them off even more.



And what was the effect of super typhoon Bart on me?  i am unfazed by everything
in life-- for no force on earth can match the fury of what i encountered.

To give readers an idea what a super typhoon is-- see video below.  It is just a
"less than category ONE " --  windforce 11 , typhoon--



THE SAFFIR-SIMPSON STORM CATEGORY SCALE


Storms are measured on the Saffir-Simpson scale depending on wind speed. 1 knot=
1.852 kilometers Category One - 74-95mph


The main risk at this level is flooding, although winds can be strong enough to
blow away unanchored mobile homes and uproot trees.


Category Two - 96-110mph



Winds are strong enough to severely damage mobile homes and lift off roofs, as
well as uproot vegetation. They can cause severe flooding.


Category Three - 111-130mph


These are defined as major hurricanes, and can cause severe damage to homes and
buildings, entirely wiping out trailer parks.


Category Four - 131-155mph


These can wipe out entire houses and cause extensive inland flooding. Category
Five - 156+ mph


The 'king of hurricanes' damages everything in its wake, with only strong metal
buildings more than three miles inland surviving unscathed.  Ships rarely surive
to tell the tale.
********************************************************************************
CHANGE MANAGEMENT -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





Let me start off with 2 true anecdotes—

ONE—

The foot soldier scout ran in foaming from the mouth and breathless to the
General’s tent and screamed “ SirrrJee, we have been surrounded from all
directions!!”

“Excellent” cried the visibly relieved General ( well- known for his mighty
“valor and non- existent brains ) jumping up from his chair and twirling his
“waxed moustache .  We shall attack in all directions !!!”.

Digression: This poor General’s promotion was blocked after a furore caused by
his comment in a seminar on Strategy for Change . “ In Mahabharat, Dushasan
should have stopped pulling the endless sari of Draupadi and lifted it up
instead!!” . After that incident where he was nearly lynched by his own
soldiers, he developed a phobia when it came to stretching his brains.

TWO--- In the 1983 World Cup semi-finals , Team India were tottering at the
brink of defeat against Zimbabwe with all the batsmen back at the pavilion . The
Captain of the team Kapil Dev ( essentially a pace bowler ) waded in into the
field , smote the cricket ball in all directions , sent the hapless opposition
on a leather hunt , scored a stupendous 183—a world record—and took India to an
astonishing victory. After the match –at the mandatory press conference , the
inevitable question was posed about “how he handled the tremendous pressure and
what was his strategy”. The world was all ears for a few pearls of wisdom which
could possibly sway future MBA and Business School management methods –the way
Lalu Prasad Yadav has done recently with Indian Railways . Now, a Cricket game
is not won by skills alone, the thinking cap of the Captain is all important.
Kapil retorted “what preyyure! ( read that as pressure ) no preyyure!! —he did
not think! , he just swung just his bat in all directions— le dhannnadhun de
dhanndun.

Aaha! Now I have your attention---

This piece is based on my experiences as a Master of ships in EMS starting from
Sichem Pearl, behind a mouse pushing desk at EMS Singapore office often doing
coaching interviews, and recently on board a new acquisition Stainless Steel
Chemical tanker Sichem Copenhagen as a Manager of Change —(where I took my
scalar wave EM howitzer along , switched on psychotronic mode—just in case the
pseudo resistors made me miss my deadlines—)

Digression:--Sceptics , please go to Google search and punch in “scalar waves”
and see how many million hits you gets. Scalar waves emitted by Uri Geller in
Gorbachov’s head caused Perestroika and the disintegration of the mighty Soviet
empire, Sai Baba uses Scalar waves on his teeming millions -- The Third world
war will be won with psychotronic war fare, scalar waves and EMPs’.

All those who identify with the mindless dhannadun approach ---must now stop
reading this NOW—lest they overheat their grey matter and fall into a tizzy.
This piece on CHANGE is solely for the thinkers who has made this world a better
place to live in.

A thesis would be too long—what I have presented is a few tips.

Darwin said that it is not the species with the greatest strength nor the one
with the highest intelligence that survives, but one that is most adaptable to
change ( cockroaches are adaptable , poor extinct dinosaurs were not ) . This is
as true of all businesses, including shipping, as it is to living things, if new
customer demands are ignored or not taken seriously.

Change is the only constant we live with. It has been continuous since the
beginning of time. 98% of all knowledge has been accumulated in the last 50
years—think about it.

Change today happens very fast. It is a way of life today and is an ongoing
process. Our lives are filled with both predictable and unpredictable
transitions. Traditionally change was a short burst of disruption followed by a
long plateaus of stable operations. Today there are no longer any rest periods,
change is continuous and enormous. The innovators change first, the diehards
change last. The people who cannot change are the “casualities of war”.

Without careful management, change can become a business nightmare, when new
structures and processes are imposed without enough forethought. Change then
becomes an unfocused, indefinite time of turmoil. Having started without
direction and continued without focus or competent monitoring, it ends with a
whimper when those involved can go no further. There is a limit to the number of
storeys you are going to add to your outdated skyscraper. Every business which
wants to grow must understand growing pains. Growth can lead to problems if the
organization is not set to cope up with ways of doing things, that were perfect
at the time it was created – but grossly inadequate or inappropriate later on.

Change management is a new skill. The ability to manage change is an essential
skill for all decision makers. I have been long advocating including this
subject in our EMS seminars , so far only Risk Management has been forth coming.

Change encourages innovation . There is a difference between creativity and
innovation. Creativity looks at options and generates ideas. Innovation takes an
idea and develops it into a practical application. Innovation requires some
change in behaviors, processes and functions.

It is no big secret that the most successful companies proactively look for
opportunities to change rather that it being forced upon them. Proactive action
reinforces the impression of control and understanding. This can restore faith
in the organizations collective ability and willingness to change and motivate
people for further change and improvement. Caution can look like weakness and
indecision. Proactive change is characterized by seeking out reasons for change
rather than waiting for them to arise. Major benefit of changing proactively is
that you have more time-- one of the key secrets of Time Management. Planning in
advance gives you much more flexibility over options, priorities , resources and
time scales. At the extreme of reactive change is to respond to a crisis
situation. In a well managed business most internal crisis should be known
before they occur. Resist the temptation to view persistent problems as isolated
incidents.

What are the symptoms for the need for change—creative people instead of
generating ideas and revenue are wasted in firefighting--people spending quality
time working around impractical business systems, low morale, innovative ideas
not being generated, culture at odds with what is required for the business
environment. Managers who lack the skills and perspectives to move forward are
literally the arsonists who are guilty of lighting fires. Such individuals
interpret business culture to meet their own selfish needs. If you cure symptoms
rather than the causes, then the change effort is a quick fix that fails to
address what is really troubling the business. The reason for change needs to be
presented in order to generate commitment to the change effort

In the brilliant book –Who moved my cheese—Dr Spencer says— CHANGE will happen
anticipate change monitor change adapt to change quickly enjoy change be ready
to change again and enjoy yet again

In my vision for the next century I see that all shipping companies will include
a para in their company policies about willingness to change --- and proactively
change again if things do not work out –about keeping up the ante , looking for
constant evolution and new change opportunities to take advantage of ----to be
farsighted and to give a strategic orientation towards change-- to have a
culture that is based on action, not statements of intent or lip service—to gain
mastery over change and avoid being its victim, so that the company shapes its
future rather than Change bending the company out of shape.

Now what is a vision?

A vision is a clear idea for the future that acts as a fulcrum for all change
efforts. Vision is a sense of how it will look when it works . It should not be
a management fantasy, slogan or platitude. Good visions act as useful guides and
inspiration. Use your mind to envision the outcome of change. Vision makes you
aware of the opportunities of change and helps release your energy. Personal
vision acts as an anchor during change. As we become more change hardy, our
stability comes from the inside and outside changes become less disruptive. It
is important to imagine as positive a vision as you can. The way our minds work
is that our actions tend to follow our thoughts. If you see a dim unattractive
future vision, you are more likely to end up in that situation. That is why in
gymnasiums they keep posters of muscular guys like Arnold Schwartznegger and not
our big bottomed and tuft tittied Bollywood heroes of yester year .

Be careful of what you imagine ( or wish for ) it just might just come true. You
can be honest with yourself and have negative visions because you don’t have
enough information or resources. Don’t stay stuck—reach out. Promote desired
outcomes by internal programming of vision. Re frame, look at the situation
differently, see challenge, see opportunity, go around limits. Obstacles to
change have to be confronted rather than accepted if change has to succeed. Many
of the extraordinary things ordinary people achieve begin with a vision that
inspires and empowers them.

Even re branding say from TESMA to EMS, is a major change. Re branding without
any effort to make even a subtle change is such a waste of a rare opportunity.
An internal culture that starts out as a key strength can if not changed when
the time is right end up being a supremely powerful constraint on the business .
The owner/ Charterer is increasingly expecting more, vetting inspectors are
splitting hairs--—this is not the time to be inward and backward looking. Check
out what invisible or cultural factors are keeping the company where it is.
Remember, the drivers for change come from outside the business while drivers
for stability come from within. Generating awareness of the need to change
involves shifting the focus to outside the business or seeing yourself as others
see you. Every business which wants to grow must understand growing pains.

Change can look risky—gambling valuable resources when the need to conserve them
is paramount. Doing nothing is always a low risk option. To avoid having a car
accident, don’t go for work—sit at home and pray!. Delaying change for a while
and carrying out with business as usual can seem appealing. Inaction will have
its grave consequences. Every organization will have complacent managers who are
essentially time servers who bed down for the long haul to retirement and who
will fight change tooth and nail. They will be centered around the business
culture of conservatism and risk aversion.

Some companies long history of success made people complacent , and no
introspection was made to sense the urgent need for change—like the Scindias who
were in a general dry cargo fantasy world of dunnage and hessian separation
cloth. Major changes to an organizations culture requires people to let go of of
how it was and move through a period of doubt and uncertainty. It is no longer
possible to remain a caretaker set in your sweet ways.

Creative people will quit if they are unable to find a rewarding role for
themselves within the business. In any case many good people would rather leave
a sinking ship— if they are financially vulnerable and have themselves and their
families to take care of, after all charity begins at home. Today's lives are
less predictable. There are no companies left where a parcel chemical Master
(who has the sword of first foot failure dangling above on his head, and who is
judged by his last singular performance ) , can expect to receive his gold
watch.

Change is as much about people as it is about plans.. Deal with change as a
matter of heart as well as the head. The knock on effects of sweeping
technological changes has to be weathered. Basic values may change—a company
that once valued strict procedures and tradition may shift towards valuing
independence and new vistas. There has to be less hands on control, and more
bridging.

At EMS the Master’s 6 monthly review must have a compulsory para about “change”—
a review is not about Masters pointing out spelling mistakes in company manuals
and revision number errors. Change experiences must be rolled out to the
organization as a whole by means of news letters and seminars. Reward
communication and knowledge sharing between ships, departments and teams. Change
provides an excellent opportunity to rethink job descriptions to make them more
meaningful. Procedure manuals have to be rewritten, operations have to be
revamped.

Flat structures while useful in enabling innovation may bring problems in terms
of a fragmented culture or even a conflict between team loyalty and company
loyalty—say--Tech 2 vs Tech 3.

Crisis mentality can make good change management very difficult. Hence the
reason we like predictive maintenance instead of breakdown maintenance on
chemical tankers. The desire to find a solution quickly moves the emphasis from
long term strategic thought to short term tactical solutions that may harm the
future of the business. The need for swift focused unambiguous action makes it
more likely that change will be non participative. The heat of the moment can
make big bang transformational changes more appropriate that what they really
are.

Formal education is increasingly in need of constant updating. Big companies now
retrain their workers every 3 years because their previous skills become
terribly obsolete. The tech skills learnt at college or on the job become
obsolete, no set of skills stay useful forever during change Making changes work
for you will require learning, being open to new directions and knowing how to
say hullo and goodbye to positions and situations professionally. It is more
important to understand how to learn than to know a particular set of skills.

Their culture is based on action, not statements of intent or lip service. A
21st century manager is a tight rope artist who keeps the business running
smoothly through the change process , balancing the need for radical change with
the necessity for continuity.

Anticipating change means you can position yourself to be ready for new
developments before they happen, so that decisions are based on facts not
comfortable assumptions. Focus on those at the sharp edge of the business to
remove any barriers or buffers that may evolve between decision makers and
competitive realities.  Avoid focusing solely on internal realities which can
often reinforce existing ideas , instead look to the outside world. Change is
the catalyst for new directions.

Sextants, Morse , Nories tables and typewriters have given way to DGPS ,Inmarsat
and Bluetooth computers . Digression:-- In the British parliament they still
resist change--they still stand up at unstable GM for a second to cry “ hear
hear” and fall back in a heap on to their antique dull green plastic seats—lest
his neighbour steals his elbow space—tee hee .

Change can cover a broad spectrum. It can be unexpected, sudden, unsettling
especially if new technology is introduced or it can be welcome and planned.
Many traditional standards of security in the workplace are disintegrating. I
remember the state of an old radio officer when a pioneer Satcom C was first
fitted on my ship—he had one cursory glance at the bulky MS DOS book which came
along free , started sweating, and nearly fainted—thinking he will have to mug
up the whole book. In the past security came from not taking chances or rocking
the boat. Now paradoxically security comes from being at the edges . Create your
own security by being in touch with the change. Creative people determine their
own security. An effective response to change involves several skills and some
new attitudes.

Managing change is no frivolous task , it is very complex. A qualified and
respected Change Manager has to make critical inputs into change planning,
continuity planning and the process of embedding change. Such a culturally
significant change anchor may have a decisive influence over the way change is
perceived by others. People approach them to seek reassurance on the viability
of change and their buy in is crucial. If he does not buy in the other wont
either—say Passivity meter over Palladium chloride.

If the change is driven by executive ego of holy cows --not business need , this
ego powered change wont last. Remember, time spent on change cannot be spent on
real work—something I discovered the hard way on Sichem Copenhagen , while I was
the Manager of Change. Fast big bang changes are called creative destruction—we
have this vetting to do , make the change happen el pronto!! The cost of
creative destruction by concentrating uncertainties into a short time frame can
be very high in human terms . The change process can end up being so traumatic .
–the operation was a grand success –but excuse please—the patient died.

Change is stress less only for the mindless. Change planning must be rooted in
reality. Many change efforts fail because the Change Manager was not realistic
about the constraints and obstacles that threaten change. Too often companies
invest considerable time energy and money in making a good decision about what
to change. And that is it!!!. They think their good deed is done. Hey, what
about some investment to building involvement and commitment to that nice
decision. Short sharp shock changes however effective will not build commitment
for future change. Change should therefore be a normal part of management rather
than an exceptional situation. The world does not fear a new idea. What it fears
is a new experience. This can affect your your emotions especially your feelings
about yourself. Change demands energy. Hours of worry will drain your energy.


Change is uncomfortable as we stop having same thoughts and feelings— we  stop
making the same chemicals which sends the body into a state of homeostatic
imbalance. We do not feel like the same person again. Our body wants to identify
with known associations.. it tries to influence the brain to return to a
recognizable state of being so that the body can recalibrate itself with past
feelings.



Leaders evolve processes and attitudes that withhold information from the troops
, partly to magnify their own perceived importance, for knowledge is power . Or
it could be partly because of a sense that a little learning is a dangerous
thing. But once people have the power that comes from knowledge they can use it
to support change. It is a matter of trusting people to make the right choice.
Once when I had to revive an unconscious (chemically) victim on deck , the
second mate came a cropper—it was the Cook who could administer the Oxygen
resuscitator. While appearing risky this type of approach actually reduces the
risks of change by getting commitment upfront.

Coercing people into supporting change by insisting that it is necessary will
not have this effect—any minor setbacks during the change will serve to confirm
people’s suspicions that change was never necessary in the first place. Prevent
it from becoming a banal insistence that we are all in this together. During
change top management avoid communicating or seeking bad news because it is
difficult for them to admit that they did not know. They become afraid to take
risks , be innovative or try new things. Change has always challenged people in
power.

Change has to be anchored culturally. It has to be rooted in shared values not
just shared hierarchies and processes—it has to become the way we do things
around here. It is not the changes to plans , procedures and hierarchies that
are most difficult to implement for the Manager of Change—it is the changes in
peoples minds.

Making a major change which is OVERDEPENDENT on unreliable and incompetent
manpower is a big risk.!!!!!—read this line twice--

Changing proactively makes planning easier. The aim has to be defined or there
is no way to tell when success has been achieved. Remember there is no finish
line in the race for quality. To have more than one goal is to have no goal at
all. If multiple aims are unavoidable they must be consistent with one another,
because any conflict between them will sooner or later lead to conflict between
the people tasked with achieving them. The next vital step in planning change is
to decide the boundaries of change. Essentially this means deciding its
scope—what is gonna change and what isn’t— ( like the misunderstood scope para
in company manuals—Ha!!). Many change efforts quickly become messes or are messy
from the outset. As a result they lose momentum or fail to address the problems
they were intended to solve. This negatively affects attitudes and perceptions
of people

Now let us get to the nitty gritty—

Check out the Tarzan swing across 4 distinct phases—unless you get all the way
to the other side, you slip back and re-experience the loss, anger , chaos ,
uncertainty and frustration. I recently went on board a stainless steel chemical
tanker as a CHANGE MANAGER. My briefing orders at EMS office was a terse “
convert donkeys to race horses” . Communication was all the more difficult as
none in the crew list , had learnt English in school or past work fields. On the
first day after a cursory round I wrote numbers 1 to 4 on a crew list against
each name. The Master was keen to know why he had the number 1 against him along
with Chief officer , Third Mate and a few others , while Second mate and Cook
had 4 , Chief engineer had 3 and all the rest had 2 . ( later I had to grease
the vines and forcibly reverse swing the Cook back to 1—lest he be the
proverbial casualty of war. )


(1) DENIAL PHASE It is an amazing psychological defence mechanism. The denial
stage can be longer if employees are not encouraged to register their reactions
. People see themselves as victims of change , and their undivided attention is
focused on what they cant control. Expressing feelings is what helps employees
to change . When a change is proposed , people focus on their own
responsibilities, relationships and problems. Viewing a change from this
perspective , they may not perceive the need for it. Closed cultures where the
response cannot be shared will prolong the phase. Performance will be affected
directly in proportion to the magnitude of the change. People show different
types of responses. Mental and emotional signals are often harder for people to
identify— unless the CM knows body language for noticing these signals. Don’t
ignore them. They are all important. One set influences the other like
overlapping circles. Moving through change is never smooth or painless. Even the
most welcome exciting change demands some letting go or contains some difficult
situations. The life phase ( where you are in your life cycle ) has a lot to do
in your way of approaching change. Letting go of the old way is a kind of death
for the old timers who would rather drop comfortable anchor till retirement .
The path through change is rarely smooth or predictable. The first need is to
recognise the need for change and let go of old ways. It is often an emotional
struggle. Create a strategy for getting through the transition. Pessimistic
thinking or limiting beliefs encourages people to give up before they start—I
cant do this—I cant change. When people think in negative ways they tend to act
in ways that will not get them where they want. People trapped in their limiting
beliefs are people who become victims of change. The opposite of limiting
beliefs is empowering beliefs—ways to look at the future in a positive
light—change is normal, there is always a better way, I can make a difference, I
can learn to do this --. People who look at change with attitudes of possibility
are looking for new ways to do things and seeking new skills. Remember, too many
objectives will create anxiety and lead to poor performance Some not so bright
managers think that by ordering employees to change in a harsh way like a drill
sergeant they will. They do not realize how upsetting it is to give up work
patterns that are familiar and that time is required to adjust. The response to
such a mindless order will be a as follows--

Signs and symptoms on people in denial mode:--- Respond with silent terror
Feeling of being out of control, powerless or unable to help themselves. Fear of
the unknown, sense of threat. Fear of failure “The pain will outweigh the gain”
Shock Sleep loss Apathy. Activity without results. Feeling of loss that an
important part of life is lost. Emotional distress due to abandoning of comfort
zone and past quality experience loss.. Embarrassment due to of lack of
knowledge—now all will know what a pretender I really am. Crisis of confidence
Pretend it is not happening and everything is as usual.

BOHICA syndrome—“bend over, here it comes again”, let’s wait till it blows over.
“No big deal”, when in fact it is a damn big deal. Refuse to hear new
information. Lose sense of belonging to a team., Change fatigue from past
misdirected Change efforts, where he was a helpless victim Motivation
sags—retires from the job waiting for THEM to decide how things will be..
“Threat to our competence Difficulty to open up, explore the world and
themselves Loathe to take chances as learners. Burn out and frustration grow due
to undue focus on what cannot be controlled. Wasting valuable energy bemoaning
the loss of old ways . Unable to focus on how to do new things .

Handling people in denial mode:-- It is about uncovering the “want to” factor.
Explain what to expect and suggest actions to adjust fast . Ignorance is bliss
does not work when change has to occur . Keep your perspective and sense of
humour. There is little need to trick them or force them as almost all want to
do a good job . Raising the heat is about generating perceptions of the need to
change, and waking them up to the fact that the current situation is absolutely
untenable. Don’t try the hardsell or show your hand in this denial stage to give
people something to push against. For the change Manager group interests come
first—while for masses their individual interests come first . Change managers
MUST acknowledge loss that has occurred and not pretend it is business as usual.
Caring and supportive confrontation can help a person to change. What helps
people navigate through unknown territory is a map of what they can expect ,
INFORMATION on ways to respond to predictable challenges

Deal with it—move your employees fast through the denial stage. Let them know
that change WILL happen , why change is necessary. Show that the top management
given a clear consistent message supporting the change. Confront individuals
with information . Build awareness of the need and impact of change. Give
opportunity to ask questions. Shape your communications to --what does it mean
for me? Focus on current batting averages and trends --not on glorious past
averages. Issue written memos after a one on one as people are hard of hearing
when it comes to information which disturbs their security. Challenge
assumptions that past success is a permanent attribute of the company. Share
negative information on what people are saying about the company. Firmly advise
stonewallers --“drop your ego”. Send a strong signal that those who assist it
are valued within the management . Make them believe that it promises an
improvement in the status quo. The burden of proof that change can be trusted
lies with the prosecution—not the defence. Admitting that mistakes have been
made in the past may be an important first step towards getting “change
fatigued” buy-in.

People’s own priorities and frames of reference may make it difficult for them
to see the need for change. There is a good chance that people with a make or
break influence over the change will not be receptive to it. This makes
persuasion a key change management skill. Effective persuasion is not about
defeat or manipulation –it is about negotiation and enabling doubting Thomases
and leading them into agreement without that win-lose feel. Persuasion takes
time and effort because it is based on understanding –not coercion and hence is
powerful. Four key components of persuasions are—establish credibility—point to
your own experience and expertise, frame goals on common ground, vividly
reinforce your position for emotional impact, connect emotionally—don’t misjudge
the mood and get lynched , watch your tone. ( how come Vadakayil has not been
lynched yet? Beats me! --- tee hee ) There has to be agreement over ends and
agreements over the means too. Often key individuals have the power to make or
break a change effort through their support indifference or opposition. So it is
vital to get to grips with who these people are and how they are likely to
affect the change. If the big picture is changing as it will when major change
is in the air, people need to understand this wider context so that they can
relate their own situation to it. Many feel upset about saying goodbye to the
familiar. Let them feel the loss. Then make them let go and move on. A new way
is not to be judged as better/ worse or right/ wrong. They are simply new and
need to be learned practiced and judged on their merits. Often , it will not be
made public why a fiat was made or why something has to be done the way it is
for all to evaluate. During such change things are NOT going to return back to
normal, because there is no normal to go back to. You will just waste precious
time that could have been spent learning new skills. There is never enough time
, so don’t throw away the time you have.

Some bad Change Managers encourage the team to be in the denial mode as it is
easier to manage—for the next phase can be read bad for the dhannadun leader who
lacks grey matter and communication skills.

(2) RESISTANCE PHASE Resistance requires some understanding of the change and
can occur only after the denial stage has passed This phase is the most
difficult phase for the Change Manager. Resistance is a rational way for a
person to protect himself from overload or harm to self interest. It is thus a
positive attribute of self preservation and defence. It should be recognised as
an asset and accorded certain status. Don’t suppress resistance or avoid it.
Allow release of steam before you start building a response. Resistance brings
to the surface problems ( like slag in the metallurgical process ) to solve that
help overcome unaccounted for difficulties in the change process. There is no
need to create a guilt for expressing it.

Signs and symptoms on people in resistance mode:--- Rising personal distress
levels.. Culture of cynicism Doubting their ability to survive the change Afraid
they will look foolish Depression Projecting blame on others--issues kicked
about in a culture of blame Stubbornness , deadlocking Mourning the past more
than preparing for the future. Withdrawal from the team Mistakes Lower
productivity. The worst part and most difficult type of resistance is passive
–aggressive behavior or people pretending to cooperate. Selfish hidden agendas .
Foot dragging. Doing only what can be measured. Sick party Negative attitude “It
aint my job”,--out and out opposition Sabotage through sloppy performance A
feeling of a need to lash out at someone “We make the sacrifices and then will
be cast aside” “Changes will be cosmetic not fundamental” Every one under attack
and no one dares to be innovative Backbiting, griping , bad mouthing. “The
Change Manager will disengage when things go wrong, he cant walk his talk”
Complaining including about tools. Believing outlandish stories. Feeling of
frustration –“there is no choice” “Change is imposed from above and we have to
lump it -- our opinions are not valued”.

Handling people in resistance mode:-- Resistance is a sign that the group has
left the denial phase and are ready to move through the change. It shows the
human self defence mechanism is beginning to take over and hence is an important
step in recovery. NEVER EVER take resistance personally. Surface the resistance.
There is no commonsense in denying the resistance. It will just make it go
deeper and last longer. Invite it, honour it, make it safe to express resistance
by assuring the resistor that he will not be victimized. Ask clarifying
questions and make sure you understand the concerns. Make no attempt to
interrupt , state your position, sell , reason or imply that the resistance is
invalid while it is being explained. Don’t try to talk people out of their
feelings. Disagreement is a major contributor to development of alternatives.
Without a full range of alternatives an inappropriate decision may occur. .
Don’t try to complete the process too quickly.  Don’t put too much effort into
debating small points of implementation and resource at this stage”—leave aside
mistakes in commas and semi-colons. Ignoring culture is not a bright thing to
do—it may be advisable to present new directions as building on past efforts ,
rather than a revolution. Cultural changes are not optional changes to be
considered as an after though, they are an integral part of the change
management. Culture is the character of a business—“ it is the way we do things
around here”. Culture exists in people minds and in the relationships they form
with their colleagues which find expression and manifestations elsewhere in
work. These are unwritten rules, customs and conventions as opposed to their
official equivalents. It includes the way peoples territories are defined and
marked. It is about attitudes to long hours, how people identify to each other
and their team, the large picture. Culture is often most keenly felt by those
visiting a business for the first time ( all notice and feel the suppository
entrance of EMS Spore office, where either there is a yellow faced toilet
cleaner on the ground floor or people lounging around smoking at the top
floor—when they should be working ) . No culture is inherently good or bad, each
has its place. A mercenary culture while often a tough place to work may be
right for those who focus on short term results rather than happiness at the
workplace. Changing a culture is extremely difficult –if culture is preventing
growth or development then CHANGING CULTURE to move forward is a must.

As a last resort change structure, to change culture.

Explore the resistance. Differentiate between authentic resistance and pseudo-
resistance. Resolve conflict. There is a big difference between disruptive
conflict and constructive conflict. . Conflict and debate can be a positive
force in reaching a sound decision. Sound decisions are the goal of adaptation
to change. Differences of opinion should be welcomes since they provide the
opportunity for creative constructive discussion that can throw up new options.
Inaccurate assessment and hasty decisions does not address real problems Listen
Acknowledge feelings-- there is no need to agree but acknowledge them.
Articulate dissatisfaction at status quo. Encourage and support good 2 way
communications-- hotlines , Verify if feelings match actions Give personal
reassurance Be patient .. Hold rituals to say goodbye—it is not a immature thing
to do. Discourage politics by dealing with issues in group settings –not one on
one

Go for quick wins. Changes that will demonstrate themselves in a tangible
positive highly visible way early on should be prioritised—to show that a
difference is being made , to bring a sense of partial closure, to show that
part of the change has been achieved and recorded and that it cannot be
undone—reason why I keep sending so may sitreps or ask for Johnsons polish or
toilet flushes. It may be worth making some sacrifices in terms of practicality
or time scales in order to achieve a quick win. Beginning a project is not a
quick win—it has to be a concrete highly visible and completed collective
achievement. It does not fall into the category of it might have happened
anyway.

There will be diehards who still deny the need for change in the face of all
evidence, hence the CM raising the heat must be tough and resilient on a
personal level. In places where stability has become institutionalized and
reactive management and shoving under carpet is the norm, raising the heat can
be the only way to move forward. Articulate that poor performance is not
tolerated, only the best will do. Emphasise the consequences of not changing
Allow for withdrawal and return of diehards who are temporarily resistant. Very
few people are irretrievable, in my experience.

People never resist their own ideas. By involving them in the process about
making decisions about change you can secure their active commitment to change
or at least make it less likely that they will resist it. Without involvement in
change negative perceptions can arise. I hold the “Tell Vadakayil” safe
programme –for people to come forward with issues and new ideas. Horizons of
responsibility/ interest will determine what they need to know. There is no need
to tell the cook everything, just because he want to know every dang thing.

During change you may feel that you have only limited power to influence the
outcome. When you feel this it is wise to find areas where you have direct
influence. You can influence the change progress if you can make suggestions,
talk to others and add your input. People will want to be stroked and offered
reassurance that their status and position is not under threat. Once you are in
touch with insecurities or fears you are halfway to creating the message they
want to hear.

Change can sometimes shift a persons status in an organization. People highly
respected before the change because of their skills , longevity, experience etc
may suddenly be brought to par with new comers who have new skills or unique
Sigloo / Chemical experience. The CM must be sensitive and aware of this sort of
resistance from old timers who have influence in the group and are loathe to the
upset of power balance. They wrongly believe that change is a form of criticism
above the way things used to be done. They hope that benefits may result to them
if they resist strongly to the change. However explore if any resistance is
pseudo resistance. This type of resistance is rooted in deep grudges, resentment
of authority, need for attention, plain jealousy etc. Ask what is your
objection? What would you prefer? Remember , it is emotions that are not
expressed that cause continuing heartache. Just because conflict was not given a
chance to express itself—it will not disappear. It simply goes underground to
reemerge in disguised forms and non productive ways. . Deal with pseudo
resistance later unless it is blocking the change progress.

Quite often change managers who spend all the time talking in a meeting are
afraid of hearing responses . Listening provides you with learning , messages ,
meanings , perspectives , intensity of response , emotional punches and
feelings. Ask open ended questions—what do you think of this change?.

Quite often you find people moving back and forth between resistance and
exploration—it is a crazy time for them. There are some open to new ideas but
afraid to move forward.

(3) EXPLORATION / ADAPTATION PHASE All emerge from negativity People realize
that they are going to make it through in one piece Change is acknowledged ,
accepted and even welcomed If unforeseen logistic or economic difficulties crop
up in this stage the CM must not be scared to abort the change.


Signs and symptoms on people in exploration/ adaptation mode:--- Letting go of
the old All breathe a sigh of relief, shift into a more positive hopeful future
focused phase, Motivated to swing into action without first trying first to find
the right way, This is a high period of energy and creativity will be at the
peak., Learning new skills. Brainstorming with others Lots of energy and new
ideas but lack of focus. Developing sense of autonomy or self direction Regain a
sense of control over their destiny

Handling people in exploration adaptation mode:-- Plant the seed Instill a sense
of urgency New ways of working needs to be explained. Provide training.
Prioritise. Set short term goals. Hold planning sessions. Assist in problem
solving. Encourage independence and personal responsibility. Players to know
their individual parts perfectly. They must have the ability to see both the big
picture and part of the situation. Identify desirable behaviors that must be
enabled and encouraged --what things must be changed before other things can be
changed. Leadership intervention at the right time to pre-empt and trouble shoot
problems. Not everyone can be involved at the same level—but any involvement at
a practical ( not planning ) level will help. Recognise sacrifices and extra
efforts. People will become cynical if it dawns upon them that their opinions
were only sought to oil the wheels of change and are irrelevant thereafter.
Assist in pain free change Newsletters, feedback to promote motivation—people
who hear nothing usually fear the worst Show people to learn how to learn, how
to respond quickly and develop flexibility towards new demands. Don’t let people
become constrained by job descriptions if they can contribute more---let them
voluntarily go where the problems are , when there is much to be done and not
enough resources to do it. Don’t settle for comfort. People often get stuck in a
failed situation—they do the same thing harder, louder, longer or stronger than
before , even though it did not work. Often people would rather stay stuck than
risk something new. Your success at managing past changes you have just
experienced provide insight about how you will manage future changes. Celebrate
your success for a nano scond and move on.


(4) COMMITMENT / INVOLVEMENT PHASE

They will become advocates of change rather than being resistant to it . People
have adapted to the new situation. Commitment occurs when an employee pursues a
specific goal in a consistent manner. Commitment and involvement are both
necessary for successful installation of change. To understand the difference
think of bacon and eggs. The chicken is involved-- the pig is committed.
Employees will soon demonstrate a personal investment and sense of ownership to
achieve the change. They will reject behaviors not compatible with implementing
the change. Feel the climate of trust where all are encouraged to openly express
ideas, opinions, disagreements and feelings and where the management welcomes
questions.

Signs and symptoms on people in commitment involvement mode:---

Focus is now on new course of action. Cooperation Teamwork Finding new balance
and direction. Encouraged to think and act creatively. Better focus and
planning. Visionary leadership. Participation in change, initiate work on their
own. Stability. Finding opportunities. Belief in change. Sense of value in work.
Passion in work

Handling people in commitment involvement mode:--- Getting through change
demands collaboration. Directive style of low participation where leader is
responsible for results is different from collaborative style of high
participation, where the set standard or system is responsible for results. When
time is of the essence , when you cant afford to make mistakes ( say a vetting
inspection is round the corner ) do not use collaboration. A word of caution
here. Constructive conflict occurs in an atmosphere of high team spirit and
commitment to group goals. Disagreements stem from a sincere involvement with
the common problem.

Increase involvement Set long term goals. Concentrate on team building. Reward.
Remember, covering up poor performance simply extends the times the employees
will be in distress. Offer opportunities for team members to be part of making
change work. Encourage creative thinking, encourage employees to conduct
meetings to enhance ownership of goals and to give space for fair solutions .
The CM must leave the room is his presence is influencing the direction of
problem solving. Encourage employees to research, evaluate and make
recommendations for adaptation. Develop an action plan that allows for maximum
productivity. Actively create new customs that support the change. Celebrate
success and praise those who make change happen . No face saving—if new venture
fails to deliver the plug is pulled out or they get redesigned.

Adequate follow through is equally important to successfully implement a change
Stop and think—how often do you stop your tennis or golf swing at contact point
with the ball. Provide complete and accurate information. Rewards for
participation and assistance. The team must have the ability to accomplish
difficult and unpopular items. Figure out the key player implications—there must
not be any dependency on any key payer for success—he goes ashore to see the
doctor and all goes PHUT. Figure out the milestones that the change must
harmonise with. Technical and practical problems should be expressed
diplomatically to avoid damaging commitment to change By demonstrating realism
about the possibility of failure coupled with concrete plans to deal with it
could help to build commitment to change. Set the right norms of conduct in the
team. Encourage trust. Make reporting simpler and direct.

New change can emerge even before you have completed a previous one. It is
commonplace to have several transition rhythms going on at the same time.
Setting up milestones is about deciding what will happen when. Closely linked
with prioritisation it is invaluable in getting to grips with far reaching
changes to prevent them from being open ended , unfocused periods of undirected
activity. Milestones should be defined both in terms of result and time scale.
What would you like to have achieved at particular points in the future Reaching
a milestone presents two important opportunities. The chance to celebrate and
learn from change efforts so far, and the chance to redirect the change effort
if it is drifting off course.. Identify the resources—what the change is likely
to cost in broad terms. What has to be excluded till a particular milestone—or
permanently.. who will be involved—the best people for the tasks required. Some
immovable pillars have to be circumvented by flexible aspects of change

CHANGE MANAGER:

Change Management is like loading a ship in ballast to tropical load in dock
water at even keel—includes deballasting ( reducing restraining forces ) ,
loading ( adding driving forces ) and trimming/ listing (changing direction of
forces ).

It involves a new type of leadership—less as a controller and more as a
coordinator , focuser , facilitator and intelligent delegator.

Change has affected policies , procedures, rules and roles. Authoritarian style
of management has given way to participative management. The Authoritarian
manager and hierarchical management structure is no longer effective. Forced
change without grassroot support will have half hearted results

Change Management is one of the most demanding tasks in business. It requires
the full range of management-- hard skills in planning, project management and
analysis and soft skills in persuasion. Many efforts at transformation change
because they neglect the human side of change. When the company became big, they
forgot to preserve the feel of a small company.

Better to have a single good CM than having many managers arriving at a mutually
agreed Lowest Common Denominator ways forward that dilutes the aims of the
change by including only the most conservative and cautious options. Peripheral
experts , those outside the normal loop of business can be helpful in bringing a
more objective perspective to beliefs and assumptions

The change masters job is to move people through change easily. People who
practice change management skills know how to reduce the stress of the change.
He will not approach change as a mere technical project.

He understands the 4 phases of the change matrix, which tells him where to focus
his energies. Sometimes he will move backwards to the transition curve to make
progress. He understands that change usually occurs from the inside out and that
it occurs at different rates for different individuals

A good Change manager can distance himself from the old guard by being warm and
personal. He is ideally an individual without great formal authority who
nevertheless wields huge influence over the business. He is not a official
manager whose real world influence is negligible and who needs to refer to his
mobile phone and notes at inopportune times . The CM must be a star who can make
the masses buy , rather than a dull official time server , who can only sell. It
is about who trusts whom and why? Who has the peoples respect? Who has the awe-
inspiring potent mix of competence, field experience and knowledge. Now
knowledge is something you hold inside your head—not on your google searched
laptop computer or your library or database. Who is the real decision maker—not
the official decision maker. Who can energise people through honest personal
interactions ( after all nobody is stupid ) –not by one way official circulars
,letters and emails. Change is a collective effort where opinions are valued and
acted on. Who can give a strong direction from above, steady the ship and plot
this new safe course for new horizons. The most popular and effective CM are
those who aim to work with human nature rather than against it. People will not
resist change if the message of change is delivered through channels they like
and people they respect, appeal to their curiosity and can answer all their
questions on the spot with compelling narratives and can lead by example. Only
his human self centred-ness will limit what can be conveyed .

A good CM has so much mastery over the subject that he can deliver mind
pictures, can simplify concepts that are in reality highly complex in such a way
that people can see through the complexity to the heart of what needs to change.
He can pave the way for future change. Change is not about embedding specific
aims, it is about establishing new attitudes and beliefs about change itself.
Taking control and exerting influence are crucial aspects of change management.
He has tact --the art of making a point without making an enemy. He can judge a
man by his questions , not by his answers. Lot of people have good ideas , but
they are not change masters for they do not have the capability to bring their
ideas to the market place. He builds success in small steps.

He is alert to the possibilities of change on body – exhaustion, stomach
problems mind—negative thoughts, confusion, forgetting details, lower
productivity. and feelings—depression, anxiety, frustration, fear ( natural
byproduct ) , withdrawal.

Change masters continuously seek opportunities to learn. He has to be at the
edge to receive new information. A CM must know body language secrets . He has
to be a conflict resolver, resource allocator and information disseminator. He
will not mistake verbal agreement for behavioral implementation. He must have
the courage and stamina to implement the change. In addition to technical skills
he needs process skills –people skills like empathy ( putting yourself in their
shoes ) , communication and participation (getting people to participate
).Change requires decisions --lots of them . The CM must not be the type who
cannot take a decision on his own without asking mummy.

He can surface and address peoples anxieties, which may be difficult in cross
organizational communist cultures, characterized by rationality and emotional
inhibition. He not only has to plot a realistic path but also has to mobilise
hearts and minds through effective communication strategies. He will not ignore
the receptivity, the interests, expectations and prior beliefs of the audience.
He understands that compromise is a good umbrella but a poor roof.

He knows for sure which harbour he is making and hence knows which is the right
wind .While approaching changes he knows where to begin. He puts action ideas on
the LAN connected computers for total transparency ,where all could see it
regularly—and this is updated daily. The CM pays attention to precise areas
where he can make a difference. He will move himself towards their goals. He
keeps people away from the dangerous semi-circle and guides them to the non
dangerous--from the danger phase to the opportunity phase. He helps the 4
stripers to develop the tools of CHANGE MASTER , so that his legacy can remain.

The CM understands re-organisation , corporate culture changes and value changes
and behavior changes. Today competence is based on attitudes, approaches,
innovation, values. Organizations today have to be organized for constant
change. Hence the reason for the structure to be flatter and less hierarchical.
You cant move through change and keep previous levels of tight control over
people. You can gain control over change by giving it up.

Encourage development of newsletters , new logos or slogans or recognition
events to help celebrate of reflect the change. Teach the skills to learn how to
learn. Activate a flexible response and learning cycle. Encourage self
management. Inform each person that he or she is accountable for some aspect of
the change. There must be some bonus for special efforts.

He creates a positive internal climate that is receptive to change. Focusing
effort is an important part of effective change management. Change aims need to
be articulated in a simple way so that everyone understands the need , use
metaphors to clarify change concepts. Example -- Branding mind picture: if this
product was a motorbike —it would be a Harley Davidson.

People who have overcome major crises or handled serious trauma exhibit a sense
that they can handle whatever life throws at them. These people look for what
they can do and take action. This usually occurs despite having less than
complete information. Stress hardy people develop a sense of personal power by
having an active approach to change. If one avenue is blocked or frustrated they
do not throw down the towel and cry for mummy. They try something else. As you
take action you will discover new sources of energy and new possibilities. Never
forget, one form of influence is gathering information. It can help you to gain
control. Avoid putting lot of energy into things that you cant control--
mindless ceaseless striving, spinning wheels, reacting -- , lest you burn
yourself out. If you are putting your energy into things that can make a
difference you will feel a sense of mastery and confidence in your strategy.

When you try things that you are not 100% sure will work, you are taking a risk.
Successful change managers take risks frequently. Risks are uncomfortable, but
they are the only way a person can grow. Successful change managers can pick
themselves up after defeat and bad times and start again. They will not let
adversity weigh them down. Most great people in history have proved their
greatness after rebounding from adversity.

Some people do not want to ask for help as it will be seen as weakness or
inadequacy. In times of change other people are key resources who help you deal
with change. They provide support, they help you respond to the new situation. A
leader never does things alone. Rather leaders are valued because they inspire
others to accomplish things together. A feeling of camaraderie helps everyone
move along the change cycle. Support is a buffer against stress. Having a
support network is no use unless you use it. It is important to re-evaluate the
support net regularly. We are often limited because we do not know what is
available.

Information is power in a world filled with change. Networking is based on
building relationships. A good network reaches beyond your comfort zone. In
times of change the information you need is seldom available in books or on
Google search . When formal networks have shifted or disappeared, the informal
network is very much alive. Network relationships are not the same as
friendships. You can have a support relationship with people you do not know
personally. At the core of networking relationships is the willingness to learn.
Are you willing to learn things that are different than you think they are. When
things change many relationships fall into flux. When things change fast there
will be points of tension and expectations have to renegotiated and polarised.
Difficulties between people occur because they are reluctant to bring up pinches
they feel with each other. Be ready to listen to other people’s difficulties and
to find a common ground.

A goal is an overall destination. Objectives are points you must reach along the
way. For example the goal could be to install a new computer. Objectives would
include considerations of cost, performance, software support, etc.

Problem solving in a group can take the following forms— ---individual
domination, where one well informed and competent employee filibusters and
controls the topic. —where the status of the employee controls acceptance and
rejection –--where employees overflowing with “positive attitudes” rush into a
solution to avoid a conflict or debate —where employees play to the gallery and
are afraid to differ with each other, to flow with the past practice of
consensus .

Conflict and debate can be a positive force in reaching a sound decision. Sound
decisions are the goal of adaptation to change. Inaccurate assessment and hasty
conclusions does not address real problems. Disagreement is a major contributor
to development of alternatives. Without a full range of alternatives an
inappropriate decision may occur.

Sometimes transition structures are necessary. Establish special ways of working
together and temporary organizational structures—make sure you demolish them
before you leave.

No force on earth can dent the LEGACY OF A GOOD CHANGE MANAGER after has earned
his HUZZAHS and left the field--- such would be the tremendous and mind boggling
influence he had wielded.


THE 21ST CENTURY SUPERVISOR :--

Creating NAS ( new age supervisors ) who are ACCOUNTABLE is part of the Change
Manager’s job.

Now who is a NAS? And what is this accountability thing? —read on-- The NAS runs
a tight ship. He does not care for popularity medals. He would rather be
respected on basis of results he obtains through his staff than be liked for
giving three bags full of Ghanta (overtime). He does not understand or care for
the the term “business as usual” in this changing world. Rather he does
understand the term “much more with much less “ . He does not want his
performance to depend upon third rate staff, hence he is smart enough to put
himself in a position to get the very best available. He does not have too much
time for people who do not work smart , who cuts corners and cannot build in
quality as a work culture . He challenges the “old way”of doing things. He bases
normal operations on tighter budgets, tighter deadlines and faster pace –without
relaxing standards for quality.

He can quickly spot and correct un acceptable behavior by one time
vaccinations.. He can anticipate trouble and handle the situation without being
heavy handed , before it grows up into a big problem that affects quality. He
sets a good example and gives everyone a week or so to adjust to his style. He
can approach a skillful but difficult staff member in such a non overbearing way
, that the person improves his behavior without being lowering his standards.
Converting such people into team players is a valuable part of his job. He will
stay cool and solve the problem--- not win the argument. He refuses to take
things personally with problem employees, as it is a productivity matter not a
personal contest. He treats working with a difficult person as a challenge, he
will not go into the sacking mode or depression about it. He show strength under
pressure and can tackle problems quickly He knows that problems that are ignored
usually do not go away, they get worse. He is smart enough to pitch in to remind
himself or the rest that his technical skills are still honed and sharp as ever
( of course he knows that he is paid to supervise --not slog . He understands
that the fastest way to destroy a relationship is to to make a promise and then
fail to keep it. He sees that the team is rewarded as a group, even if special
recognition is given to one or two people for unusually good individual
performance.

If he appears weak by acting uncertain, tentative or insecure he will not
receive full co-operation. He understands the secret of radiating personal self
confidence , strong image and ability to handle unexpected events—it means
everything. This means he will not get intimidated when dealing with difficult
people or overwhelmed by complex technical problems. He can identify a problem
because he has the knowledge power . He can get a job carried out because he has
the personality power of persuasion, encouragement , persistence and patience.
He will not avoid confrontation when action must be taken. And he can say No
when necessary. When under pressure he will not not slack off on safety or
quality. His attitude sets the pace and the tone for everyone. Remember
attitudes are CAUGHT not taught.

The NAS ( new age supervisor ) understands that knowledge is power and is on top
of his own job. He uses this resource to direct, instruct, coach ( open in full
view and earshot of the team ) and counsel ( private for touchy matters )— roll
all 4 into one for the word mentor. In sport you find that the team that wins is
not the team with the best raw talent—but the one with the best coach who
designs and implements winning strategies. Just as professional athletes and
sportsmen build loyalty towards coaches, the same way your staff will love to
work for this NAS who has the capability to lead them to first rate results. A
tennis player would rather win the Wimbledon than hear sweet nothings from a
useless but sweet talking coach. Leadership means stepping out in front of
others with plans that are well thought out and with new ideas that boost
results, save time and meet expectations. He promotes a lively and stimulating
environment through his own positive attitude. The feeling that comes when you
are in a winning team where all is in control is a good one. Staff members who
feel good about themselves will produce better results. Sustainable motivation
comes from within—like happiness. When he makes a “people mistake” he will
repair the working relationship immediately by effective communications. . If he
allows these mistakes to go unattended he will undercut his ability to get
results through other people. He creates an organized work space where all
resources needed to achieve goals are on hand and available. He moves quickly
and assertively to remove any factor that is demotivating. He ensures that team
members take good care of themselves and avoid injury and burnout. He helps
staff members to improve their individual skills and develop their role within
the team. He sets standards and creates an environment where the staff
understands and meets performance standards of the company. He does not react,
rather he proactively thinks and plans ahead. He stays positive, shows strength
under pressure, establishes high standards of quality, stays reasonable and
consistent within limits. He builds team effort for high productivity, ensures
safe practices and treat every one fairly. He is upbeat and focused on quality
so that his staff responds in positive ways. He knows that if he overlooks
defective work, it will shape their idea about quality in a negative way. He
understands that it is not enough to just put the pressure on. One eye will be
on the budget and the other on deadlines.

He sets a brisk tempo but not a frenzy which causes strain. As a Master when you
join a ship and set low standards ( when all and sundry are testing controls to
check you out ) you will find it impossible to expect high performance later. He
handles mistakes quickly and calmly. When things go wrong – he stays cool under
pressure, collects the facts , identifies the problem and develops an effective
solution. He balances his authority with a sense of humour. Establishing good
relations on a individual basis most often means listening instead of talking.
He will quickly talk and listen to anyone who does not meet his standards or
limits so that they do not have any doubt about what he expect. He has the
personality and has the aura of a leader (like Imran Khan ) , for it makes his
job that much simpler.

Pro-active planning enables him to put the right resources, in the right amount
, in the right place at the right time, ( as simple as making babies , right?
Tee hee ) before his staff starts using time and resources which do not get
results and jack him. Wake up calls can be rude and costly. He solicits feedback
from all –not a select few

He is not a picky jerk supervisor who always lies in ambush , waiting and trying
to catch people making mistakes—instead set basic goals which all understand
what to do and how to do.. Almost all enjoy working in an environment that has
high standards and reasonable limits. And nothing undermines your authority
faster than playing favourites—sometimes this could be a challenge , but take it
from me , you must meet this head on right from the start..

And remember nothing beats the positive effects of a good start.


@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ ACCOUNTABILITY

For Change to work the CM must check if he has been successful in instilling a
sense of ownership for accountability --

People who own their own cars are more inclined to wash them regularly. This is
why communism failed. Accountability was fostered by fear of retribution. Even a
baby girl like to take care of her own doll. Ownership whether in things or in
ideas promote accountability.

When managers become fire fighters , making all the decisions and solving all
the problems the employees become uninvolved and underused , with no sense of
ownership. Without ownership there is hardly any accountability.

Accountable managers do not have behavior patterns such as blaming others,
making excuses, denying responsibility etc. Developing open , trusting mutually
respectful relationships is the best way for building accountability. Managers
must be accountable for results even if they delegate the work to others—for
delegation is not abdication. Ultimate accountability cannot be delegated—you
can delegate responsibility for results or authority to produce the results. A
Master of a ship or a manager ashore gets paid to be accountable. Many Chief
engineers or even Tech Superintendents think that the Master is not accountable
for the state of his engine room. The Bosun may be responsible for the paint
room but the Chief officer remains accountable for the state of the paint room.

When mistakes result in rebukes , ridicule, interrogation, angry lectures,
suspension , loss of salary increments, probation, written documentation of poor
performance etc an unwritten rule is communicated to all. In this neck of the
woods ,never make mistakes. This results in resistance to change for the better
as this increases the probability of making mistakes—and why set up yourself for
pain and heartache? So the obvious answer is to cover it up and SHOVE IT UNDER
THE CARPET. Rather than being accountable for their actions employees are taught
to be anxious about making mistakes and to protect themselves from pain.
Mistakes cause him fear of discovery, embarrassment from peers and feeling of
self disgust. Mistakes are opportunities for coaching employees to be more
comfortable about being accountable. Coaching employees through their mistakes
is a step by step mentoring process as a learning procedure and to strengthen
relationships. Help them to learn to ask their own questions and think for
themselves. Ask—how will you make sure this mistake will never happen again.
When you communicate effectively with employees they are more likely to feel
trusted and respected by you. This in turn makes them want to honor their
commitments to you and the net result is maximum accountability.

One of the best ways to build rapport with some one is to match that person’s
dominant personality type or style. People could be swearing and talking yet
have a fantastic rapport with each other—they are in sync with each other and
talking the same medium—have you seen the TV serial American chopper, where they
build custom motorbikes. One of the most powerful truths of human behavior is
“what ya stroke is what ya get”—the transactional analysis system of social
psychology called every form of attention a “stroke “. Don’t misunderstand me
and start stroking that pretty girl working in your office ( tee hee! ) and land
up in the pen.

Stroking at the work place ( like foreplay before sex ) is a HR management art.
This stroke is not an ego-massage, on the contrary it is about the powerful
human need of attention ( which causes kids to do outlandish things ) —let me
not digress. If ya give your attention to meeting goals and being accountable
this is what ya get. Strokes could be praise to reward the “little kid”, it
could also be asking for suggestions or just plain listening.

Accountable managers delegate for results with check points for deadlines --not
to just assign tasks or act as a overdependent manager or mere middle man.
Effective delegation fosters ownership and accountability.

When you and another person are on the same frequency you feel connected to each
other. You can recognize rapport when eye contact is made, when there is
politeness , when both are speaking at the same tone and volume and at the same
emotional level. The pace of the conversation is relaxed. Active listening
involves head nods, or verbal responses like I hear you/ I see/ go on.

A goal is a statement of outcome you hope to achieve in a clearly defined time
limit. It must be achievable and measurable—like a football inside the net
before the final whistle. A goal achieved after the deadline is no goal at all.
Remember Moses and his disastrously led unending ,unmeasured and acrimonious
march to the promised land .

 Agoalstatementisnotanactionplanorato-do-list.Whatgetsmeasuredgetsdone.Hencetrac
 kingprogress,anticipatingandspottingchallengesalongthetrackisparamount.Agoalmus
 tbeachievable—jumpinguptothe10thfloorfromgroundinhardlypossible.

Employees who are committed to goals with a sense of ownership will be more
accountable than those who have to accomplish with some one else’s goals. By
involving employees in goal setting and planning , you can have a team of people
with pride in their team, enthusiasm for their work and maximum accountability
for their actions and decisions.

As long as you are the only person who can do important tasks well, you block
your own advancement—the solution is to provide training.

Delegation is not dumping. There has to be a system for follow up evaluation.
The employee must be encouraged to ask clarifying questions. When you decide the
delegate choose from the following options— who would be the most qualified? Who
would be excited about doing this job? Who needs the growth experience? Who has
the time to spare? Who could handle this after some training? Who has the power
to do this? Naturally you do not want a sullen faced , unqualified person who
does not care for this particular growth experience nor can spare the time—and
assigning responsibility without appropriate power will always guarantee
failure. This means that after delegation you have to inform whoever concerned
or the relevant departments that so and so has the authority to request for help
if required. Remember your delegation act is incomplete until you have told all
who may be affected . Once the job is delegated receive information about the
progress so that you do not have to hover over his shoulder which may be
construed as distrust. Remember delegation is an opportunity to strengthen your
relationship with your team and to empower them.  A clear deadline helps to
focus efforts. Description:
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_tugjD0mUn6M/TPP2oz5YcaI/AAAAAAAABGE/iwMG-
6x66O8/s1600/images+%252816%2529.jpg

Most people like to be asked rather than told what to do, as a subtle
demonstration of respect ( however, on the bridge you must not ask the
quartermaster if he could kindly execute hard-a-port so that you may avoid
imminent collision!! ). You must receive a commitment—not a “I will try”—such an
failing prophecy from the starting line could be self fulfilling .

When you have to confront someone in order to work towards a commitment for
change it is all right to call a timeout when emotions erupt to allow for a
poise recovery, and you will be respected for this . A low emotional level is
necessary to avoid triggering emotional responses, exaggeration and for
feelings, wants and needs to be acknowledged and respected. An important element
in handling the mistakes of others is to choose an appropriate time and place.

There is a big difference between a leader and a manager. Leaders are respected
men of vision who can communicate well. A manager is someone who gets something
done through other people. A good manager can be a leader, if he has clear
goals, involves employees in developing goals and decisions, helps them to plan
action , motivates them and is a good listener.

@@@@@@@@@@@@ INTERVIEWS

A CM must know how to conduct interviews, it is an essential skill--

Interviews are an important part of the communication process. Interviews can be
graded as appraisal, coaching, counseling. They can even be used to improve the
image of your organization.

An interview is not a social occasion—but it MUST start with some friendly and
pleasant general questions---in fact anything other than the purpose of the
interview. A strained environment is not conducive to an effective interview. A
well conducted interview , shows gut feeling biases , the door. The purpose of
the interview must not be a secret. It must be enjoyable to both parties. First
impressions count a lot –on both sides. Your first greeting will have a strong
bearing on the performance of the interviewee.You must not lose your train of
thoughts during the course of the interview, so use a separate private and
soundproof room and keep your mobile off . Unless it is a disciplinary interview
avoid sitting 180 deg opposite behind a desk, to promote free discussion.

Superior/ patronizing approach or rudeness or even slouching in your chair will
get you nowhere and will not help you achieve your desired objective of an
exhilarating positive exchange. An interviewer with an attitude problem is
unlikely to gain the respect of of the interviewee. Don’t treat him as a second
class citizen and be fair. Once your arrogance is matched by a suitable response
–the interview is dead. Don’t quote anything which can be challenged—say-- we
are the biggest chemical operator in the whole world or we pay the highest wages
in the market.

Questions are of 2 types open ended and closed. After a cricket match , when the
mike is thrust in front of the “man of the match” or the captain, you would have
heard open ended questions which does not deserve a simple Yes / No or a terse
one word short answer , and puts the interviewee at ease. Open ended questions
give less opportunity for bluffing. Now , how do you find out the most about
other people –by asking questions and listening—both.

It is important to help out the other person by at least a nod or a smile. When
you show your body language—honest is NOT the best policy . But ensure that what
you say support your body language. Usually those who look away when you talk to
them are nervous or have something to hide. Try to assess the character,
attitude and the ability of the person, for you are there to see the real person
, not some one who is good in play acting. That reminds me of the newly promoted
judge who wanted out—he wanted to be reverted back to a lawyer—for he would
rather bullshit throughout the day than listen to bullshit throughout the day.

Coaching interviews are usually one to one training, a skill used by CMs’.. The
objectives could be to teach new skills, build on existing skills or to make the
employee feel part of a worth while team. It can be intimidating and most would
prefer a conventional training course. Hence is it important to know the persons
bio data and who where exactly to connect to him- or you may be as well trying
to teach a cat to meaow, which it already knows , better than you. Be patient
with the not too bright ones—show that you care, and help him out. Follow up
interviews must measure the progress made since the last interview and the
problems which he encountered along the way. Show some tolerance for some
failure. Handouts and homework are important parts of a coaching interview.

A counseling interview is to help an employee overcome a problem that is
hassling him. You are expected to lend a friendly ear and a hefty shoulder on
his wheel. It can be initiated both ways. If you feel you are getting out of
your depth—call in the expert.




STRESS BUSTING AGAIN-- In my previous mentoring piece (5) , I had
written—happiness is the best stress buster and had given a few tips. Since I
have been accused of holding back some goodies , and on popular demand-- I am
including a few more tips for happiness.

Enjoy your vacation, spend some money --


My vacation “sweet spot” song:--

Gonna shake my tree - gonna shine mE light Gonna make a little magic – gonna
raise some hell Don't need no license, don't need no insurance Don't wanna
hustle, just wanna be cool

All my best laid dreams are now for catchin' Can't stop this thing I started
Can't stop this course I plotted Run senses run, Oh Love this sweet spot


Never short sell yourself. The minute you settle for less than what you deserve,
you get even less than what you settled for. When it comes to self esteem, how
you treat yourself is as important as how others treat you. Recognise your own
self worth and learn to value yourself. There is a sense of contentment in
liking the way you are, being your own natural self and not having to fake it.
Reflecting your true natural self causes nil stress. Happiness and low self
esteem are bad bed fellows. True stability comes from your commitment to stand
by yourself.

And about how about putting your finger in the eye of the jealous cynics—

My “ I’m so crass- aint it tragic?!” song:- ( for the cynics )

Years may have made me old, but they've sure made me wise I'll stand on my hard
earned drive, n watch your ego balloon go bust Let your conscience be your guide
'til we meet again, Who are you gonna run to, when your ass is on the line? If
you need a helpin' hand , maybe i won't pass you by!


Be at peace with yourself. Accept the ying and yang cycle—dawn after dusk—spring
after winter --develop a positive attitude to daily life. A positive mindset
allows you to emphasise the good and ignore the bad. You can pick the good out
of a bad situation, because no situation is really bad. It is upto you to
recognise it. The human mind can be programmed to do this. You have an
option—wallow in unhappiness and self pity –or bask in the sunshine of positive
thoughts and happiness. A happy man is not he who seems thus to others—but who
seems thus to himself ( check out Vadakayil )

DHEA release. A smile releases feel good DHEA hormones in our system. It is
important to express your dissent and let out steam —or you risk displaying
passive aggressive behaviors and be moody and politically cynical. Anger is a
sign of weakness. Unpleasantness creates tension and unhappiness. Follow your
emotions but know when to control them. An easy and calm mind can only be
attained when emotions are allowed a safe expression.

Drop your ego. How you think about people and how you react to them is extremely
important to your own happiness. Are you the immature and negative type who will
mistreat people who has not given you enough importance or massaged your ego?
Will you bristle with indignation the moment somebody points out your error. (
never accept the malicious criticism of a jealous deceitful person! ). An
inflated ego can never allow a person to behave normally. Thoughts of petty
minded revenge can harm your emotional and physical self and can cause you much
agony. Your childhood was carefree because you had no inflated ego. Take a break
and examine all you past relationships gone sour—the common factor was
ego—right? . Harsh words are needless arrows which cannot be retrieved. See
innocence in mistakes.

Give Giving is a joyful experience that benefits the giver more than the
receiver. Giving away what you do not require is not charity, on the contrary
giving away what you value is charity. Most relation ships are based on greed,
ulterior motives and self interest. See right through unhappy and unsharing
people who live for themselves. Little drops of kindness makes a huge
difference. Don’t ignore your conscience which is the mirror of your soul.

Privacy and blast Solitude and privacy can be blissful as it provides the much
needed time for introspection and self assessment when you lose direction —to
set you back on the path of happiness. Invest in honest friends whose sunshine
you enjoy being in and with whom you can remove your mask and let your hair
down. Once in a while take a  break from the rat race. -- have a blast , let the
good times roll and leave the world behind --to release those repressed enzymes
and DHEA hormones.. Listen to your heart and feel like the “lil child of the
west wind”. . True happiness does not lie in the multitude of friends—but your
choice and their worth, with whom you can have a good conversation and spend
quality time.

Be creative Do something creative every day, do not vegetate— get off your high
horse and grow intellectually. Don’t dwell in the past—live in the present.

No Learn to say no and to draw the line. Accepting the fact that something is
unchangeable makes it easy for us to adjust to it. Sometimes it is better to
mould ourselves to suit a situation than to change every thing and end up
frustrated. . And just imagine –not having super high expectations from
anyone—wont your life be much happier? Do your best but don’t expect others to
be perfect. Striving for perfection from others can lead to unhappiness—as the
world is such an imperfect place

Victory laps The harder the conflict the more glorious the triumph. Your inner
reserves of strength can only be tested in times of struggle. Happiness requires
problems, for happiness is not pleasure –it is victory. A man taking a victory
lap is happy as he is expressing the unbound joy of a deed well done, the joy of
achievement or the thrill of creative effort, like writing a symphony. It is the
afterglow of satisfaction that comes after achievement that demanded your very
best—unlike the cowardly US effort in Iraq ( and imagine they had hollow victory
laps and ticker tape parades! ) . A victory lap is for yourself—no animal or
bird tries to impress others. You cannot be truly happy after cheating in an
exam or rigging a contest. Happiness must overtake you—you must not overtake
happiness.

Inner stuff A close knit family, a clear conscience which includes the feeling
that you have not been ungrateful to your old parents, the knowledge that the
people whom you love are happy, a positive cash flow ( ha! Yes!!) , something to
hope for , someone who gives you unconditional love –it could be a pet-- and a
good imagination.

Change To grow you must adapt yourself to the NEW ORDER—or you remain vulnerable
and unhappy in the unfamiliar zone. No one can change the inevitable. Accepting
this wisdom saves undue frustration and misery.

Continuity gives us roots--change gives us branches allowing us to grow and
reach new heights -

We cannot change anything unless we accept it.- Carl Jung
********************************************************************************
MANAGING TIME -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
  


This piece on TIME MANAGEMENT is for Masters of ships and top management ashore.

As usual I am leaving it un edited and deliberately disjointed.

Yesterday I bumped into a long haired John Abraham look alike dude at the Forum
mall in Bangalore . My 19 year old son had me in tow in his quest for World Cup
endorsed Adidas football shoes. The dude sported a T shirt with “ so many gals “
in front and “ so little time” on the rear. .

I reached up and put a patronizing paw on his shoulder and drawled “ Son , you
need to learn TIME MANAGEMENT ” . Pretty soon he was breathing down on me —him ,
with his long haired mean look , sizing mE Sir Henry Morgan whiskers and obscene
biceps.

Much to the relief of my pacifist son he decided in all his wisdom not to throw
a punch and instead asked “ and how could I do that?” .

I offered instant wisdom “ Use the law of forced efficiency --- MANAGE TIME
LATERALLY”

Now--The law of forced efficiency states that there is always enough time to do
the most important things. Ok, you cant make time stand still or buy time or
reverse time —but you can at least make it run. Like how I used to make the
Solankis and Tandels run at sea. It is no secret that Vadakayil got 12 months of
work done on derailed Sichem Pearl in 4 months. I’ll let out a huge chunk of the
secret now itself . My walkie talkie was on all the time except when I slept—no
shipboard travel for conversing was allowed—all official communications had to
be on walkie talkie as a primary business tool—conversations had to be to the
point and crystal clear like masters orders to the quarter master on bridge
while entering port with no scope for please, thank you or yaar shaar type fuzzy
talk. In one swift move I heart punched the parasites and middlemen.

The best way for a layman to get a hang of time management is the vision of
Michael Schumacher roaring into the Formula One racing pits in his red Ferrari.
After exactly 5.9 seconds he roars off. . Just stop reading for a while and
relive the scene in your mann- mandir. Did you see focus? Did you see
concentration? Could you see finger tip preparation? Did you see any pregnant
turkey on the job putting his hands into motion without engaging his brain in
gear?. Was the time frame known to all ? Did the team understand the law of
sowing and reaping? Was there a honing of key skills? Did every thing count?—did
the team understand that everything they did either helped them or hurt them?
–was any action neutral? In short was TIME LEVERAGED by the central organizer
cum leader ? Was there a bullshit cliché 30% work expansion rule in sight for
the usual screw ups cushion? Was there fuzzy conversation?

Vadakayils law: Don’t put your mouth or hands into motion before you put your
brains into gear—unless you are a reflex action trained Sukhov 30 MKI pilot
engaged in a do or die dogfight with an F16. Action without thinking is the
cause of every failure. –and failure is the BIGGEST time waster.

I had written about “humour quotient” – in my vision for the next century. I
wrote that no manager would be employed without HQ. Time has come for me to
expound for lot of managers are bound to confuse frivolousness and Mr. Bean type
buffoonery with HQ. HQ has got every thing to do with a phenomenon called
LATERAL THINKING. This is all about using the right brain lobe more effectively.
The human brain has 2 lobes—left and right. The left side is used by all and
sundry in short the VERTICAL THINKERS– the right lobe by very few who are
capable of LATERAL THINKING.

The right lobe deals with humor, creativity , insight, music , color, surprise
etc. Logic , reasoning and experience is handled by the left lobe. Humor does
not appeal to the sense of logic—only to the sense of interest. Humor management
promotes flexible thinking. Humor encourages novel approaches and promotes
innovation by making it legitimate to think in illogical ways. It is an
expression of freedom of the human spirit. Humor provokes new patterns and
generates new ideas. Humor breaks out of the concept prisons of old ideas.

When I talk about a mental hop it is about securing a good connection with the
right brain lobe. The Indian Yogis touch their thumb with the middle finger (
instant mudra ) to kick start this mode. Recently a guy by the name of Silva has
lifted this millenniums old “DIVING INTO THE SUBCONSCIOUS” Indian yogic concept
to ring in his own cash registers “ . By the way Viagra kick starts your other
hop—tee hee.

What is this lateral thinking all about---

Don’t shut down your right lobe and your sub conscious and evaluate against
experience using the left lobe –for the conscious brain cannot multi task. A top
manager who cannot multitask can never be a top notch performer.

Lateral thinking recognises that the approach to a problem is never as important
as its solution. It cares two hoots for logical thinking which is the way
computer software programs work. The tool of insight is a creative gift called
lateral thinking. The good part is that lateral thinking can be learnt—you need
not be born with it. Brainstorming is one buzz term all are familiar with—well
this phenomenon is closely associated with lateral thinking—I’ll come back to
this later ( avoiding time loss due to hasty decision induced firefighting ).

Vertical thinking using the left lobe of the brain is all about being right and
logical at EVERY sequential step—it blocks all illogical pathways. Lateral
thinking is more concerned with the wealth of thoughts . A vertical thinker and
a lateral thinker had to go up a mountain with a large unwieldy piece of
baggage. Guess what the lateral thinker did—he went up the mountain without the
load ( he took his thinking cap along ) looked down from the peak for the best
way to bring the head load up—and went down and brought it up . Well this was
what the genius navigator Magellan did. He did not bluster his way through
Magellan straits with his band playing “ kadam badhake aage chal” on the
forecastle —he would take a small boat ,climb up a mountain and do some mental
mapping from a vantage position before he took his ship through. Anybody who has
been through Magellan straits will know what a tour-de- force his exploratory
path was.

A lateral thinker is never satisfied with the ADEQUATE beaten track. He does not
drill his tunnel though logical steps to his goal—rather he will leap
frog—opening new pathways. His last few steps is the one which will make his
venture a success. Like building a bridge like the Sydney bridge. When the last
part fits in at the centre—and voila , the bridge suddenly becomes self
supporting and is ready to take on the traffic.

So then the mall attendant approached the vertical thinker and asked “ Sir, may
I know what you are looking for” and he will give a within the framework , usual
, answer “ Oh, I am looking for this and some of that and more of that” . Then
he went to the lateral thinker and asked the same question . The provocative ,
unreasonable and outside the frame work answer was “ I’ll let you know as soon
as I see what I want” .

The much touted and admired EQ of this century is about being right at every
step. The misunderstood and much maligned IQ+HQ with its tinge of madness is all
about being right only at the end. Sometimes the genius will move to an
untenable position to find a tenable solution.

No wonder till now most of the work of the Indian Mathematical genius Ramanujam
who died at a young age , is still unsolved. The cracks where he leap frogged
across deferring logic is still a mystery. He recognized the wisdom that the
need to be right all the time completely shuts out creativity and progress.

Ever heard of making progress forward by moving backward? When this is what
lateral thinking NASA did recently when sending a satellite to a far away
planet. The satellite went the reverse way and catapulted around another planet
to achieve the escape velocity . BRAINSTORMING is the principal tool for lateral
thinking--- you can now recollect self brainstorming when I dived into the pool
of mentoring to locate truths etched on rock.

The crew on Sichem pearl or Fairchem colt/ North contender will remember the
profligate brainstorming exercises we had on the bridge . Lateral thinking is an
anti judgement device unlike logic which survives on “NYET” MANAGEMENT or
rejection. Here you deliberately delay judgement to save time. What does
brainstorming do? It starts a train of thoughts. A group of people not less than
5 or more than 20 give their random thoughts to the chairman. People speak when
they want to speak .Every thing goes. Nobody shall ridicule or shoot down
somebody else’s thoughts . If anybody evaluates somebody else's thoughts—the
chairman is expected to overrule it or expunge it from the minutes unlike a
debate . For evaluation kills spontaneity in this group contribution to
exploration and novel approach. A train of stimulating and provoking thoughts
are generated working outside the frame work of reason—the concern is for change
and not for proof or logic. This breaks out of the frame work of rigid patterns
and cliche units which our mind is so apt to construct because of the way it
handles itself. Judgement or the selective stage is deferred ( procrastinated
)to the the next day with the important men of the same group.

Let me give an example of a successful brainstorming session which I held when I
was a young chief officer on a hectic product tanker by the name of
Visveswaraya. The engineers had their own duty mess where they used to eat in
their greasy boiler suits at odd hours. Well –Mickey mouse made a house there.
Actually it was a huge vicious looking and fearless bandicoot who would charge
at you if you tried to corner him. The master had a mini- crisis as the
engineers refused to eat there till they saw the dead body of Mickey. Now Mickey
was too large to enter a rat trap and sort of immune to rat poison. For the
brainstorming session I called the entire crew list of nearly 60 crew . All and
sundry gave their suggestions. The second engineers steward ( who was plain loco
) also gave his two pennies worth which made every body burst into derisive
laughter. Actually this man was a big liability—but since he had a past track
record of good service and a huge family for whom he was the sole bread winner,
he was tolerated . Now what was his suggestion? He said--- take two buckets one
red , one blue ( which made me wonder if the bandicoot had colour vision ) half
fill the red one with soap water— in the blue one put a piece of salted dried
fish. That was all—he looked confused and all were in splits , some even lying
on the floor in tears of pleasure.

Before I terminated the brainstorming session I sort of made a judgement remark
( now –you MUST NOT deliver judgement or evaluate during or after a
brainstorming session –as a matter of law ) “ I am sure to find a drowned rat in
the red bucket tomorrow morning “ . That night I set up the buckets myself and
locked and sealed the duty mess door. Full night I could not sleep out of
curiosity. Finally after tossing and turning till 5 am I went to the duty mess
with the chief engineer and master key–and sure enough the huge drowned
bandicoot was floating in the red bucket. I guess the scenario unfolded as
follows. Mickey smells the dried fish ( it is the best rat bait, ahead of cheese
) comes out to investigate – the smell is powerful enough to home into the blue
bucket— Mickey jumps right in— eats the fish--- gets his olfactory senses
briefly overpowered—remembers one more bucket holding a possible treat— dives
right into the red bucket half filled with soap water and gets drowned. Success
is the bottomline, gentlemen.

So EQ says PROCRASTINATION means poor time management---just dig the well
deeper, we will find the elusive water yet and have an adequate well. IQ+HQ says
just the reverse ---PROCRASTINATE JUDGEMENT TILL THE NEXT DAY. THE GENERATED
ALTERNATIVES ARE SIFTED THROUGH IN THE SELECTIVE STAGE FOR THE MOST OBVIOUS ONE
OR AN ALTERNATE STARTING POINT. Dig a few holes here and there –they must be a
better and beyond the adequate place to reach the fountainhead.

Time for some light humor--- The vertical thinking tall man with a blood soaked
turban went to the doctor. He was traveling in a bus and every time the bus
lurched he hit his head on a sharp nail by the side of his head. The doctor
cried “ You poor man—you should have exchanged your seat with some short guy ”.
The man said “ I tried to exchange my seat all the time—but there were no short
guys in the bus—in fact I was down right alone in the bus” .

Compare this with the lateral thinking thirsty crow of Panchatantra fable fame
who put tiny pebbles into a deep pot to bring the water up to where its beak
could reach. Many onlookers accustomed to cliché stuff would have accused this
genius crow of running around in concentric circles .

So then if you want to manage time the lateral way—say good bye temporarily to
analysis and judgement rock logic ways of Socrates, Plato and Aristotle--- the
mass production factory scenario time saver mentality of the Oxford certificated
Industrial Engineer . . . welcome to the wonder world of water logic by
proactive design. There is really no substitute for commonsense when it come to
managing time laterally. For work mysteriously expands to fill up the available
time. And consider this —those you live closest always arrive latest.

Having said so much—can killing time be called time management? It depends on
the larger picture. Imagine your football team is leading by a lucky goal
against a stronger team and your team is playing 9 to their 11 players due to 2
red cards given by the rogue referee—only 3 minutes are left for the final
whistle. Be the master of time—not its victim.

Time is on our side the moment we organize it. Effort X time = constant.

WORK SMARTER –NOT HARDER. Your objective must be to get the best from your
subordinates –not the most. Be more concerned with thinking rather than doing.
Manage your time pro- actively rather than passively letting time drip on your
head. Measure results not activity. Time management means determining what to
do, when to do and how long to do. Time should not be measured in minutes and
hours and our long haired dude with the fancy T shirt—rather it is the effort
invested in the task and the significance of the task. It means doing the most
important job NOW. It means dramatic reordering of priorities . It means not
misplacing your energies—by spending inordinate indecisive time on low priority
tasks ( or the Big Ethels ) , leaving little time for the essential ones (
Aishwaryas and Angelina Jolies ) like our longhaired dude.

Time management is the also the inherent ability to separate chaff from the
grain within a dead line. It involves constant choosing between what is less
important and what is more important. The lateral thinkers call this CREATIVE
ABANDONMENT ( Duh- wha? How can you be creative when you abandon? Duh?) Do not
waste time on the impossible just to show that you have 3 full bags of positive
attitude and you are THE company man.. A good time manager puts all jobs on a
graph with time on the Y axis. He will not get involved in routine and detail.
He can juggle 5 or 6 different tasks simultaneously and do them all well. He is
effective—not efficient. Effective means—doing the RIGHT job right.

The law of excluded alternative says that doing one thing means not doing
something else—as a deliberate choice. The lateral thinker calls this freeing up
time so that there is always enough time to do the most important things. I with
held this wisdom from the long haired as a matter of choice.

Imagine time management being done by a parcel chemical tanker on time charter
or a team doing open heart surgery—you get a general idea, what planning,
preparation and OJT ( on the job training or mentoring ) is all about.
Inadequate planning and preparation gives the illusion of too little time.

Time is money. Time once lost can never be regained. Time which is irreplaceable
and irreversible is a great leveller and treats all the same. Money is
safeguarded. Same way time must be safe guarded. Time management is an attitude
of accountability , flexibility and a dramatic re-ordering of priorities . A
manager who cant manage his time is indeed a real asshole.

I was recently ridiculed by a friend that workers from my home state of Kerala
wasted 15% of their time by constantly hoisting up his lungi tying it up loosely
which would require retying in another 10 minutes. ( you have to see this to
believe this ) The paradox was –yet the job was done better. The answer is while
tying up his lungi again—the workers mind was still working –planning ,
conceptualizing and constantly assessing the overall progress. An Industrial
Engineer would never understand this “ discretionary time” water logic.

Treat your senior managers as business partners—not subordinates. Be pro-active.
Time is lost by reacting un necessarily. Look forward –not behind at the ships
wake. Avoid travel by proper communication. Lack of communication is like
cutting off blood supply to an organ—it can cause gangrene. Your crew list is
like part of your own body. Good upward and down ward communication is a must
like the arteries and veins. Do not use walkie talkies or telephones to discuss
sensitive subjects. Punish morons who keep falling into the same dang hole again
and again.

Time spent in reinventing the wheel is wasted time. Paperwork is a waste of
time. Let your papers mature in a drawer before you file it. You will find that
95% of it is worth dumping. Do not us your box files as garbage bins. Destroy
papers which have lost meaning and not required for audits and inspections.
Avoid unnecessary CC and auto mailing lists. Have a good information retrieval
system. Avoid duplication of work especially paperwork.

Leveraging and enhancing time is the ability to accomplish greater quality and
quantity in the same amount of time. Have written goals. Have an external memory
white board on the bulkhead in front of your desk when your 24 hour goals are
written in order of priority. This white board can be a great stress buster.
Reorder your priorities often. Stress and insecurity makes a man defensive and
lose creativity. Every ship I have commanded has such white board external
memory in the master’s day room.

Have a book where your weekly plans are written down. Give category A or B
priority and a dead line for the important ones. Delegate the low priority
category D jobs without feedback.

Solve all problems on the drawing board before it is done physically. Say a
discharging plan or a dry dock list must have a BAR DIAGRAM HAVING TIME ON THE X
AXIS. ONCE THE JOB STARTS THE BAR DIAGRAM MUST BE CONVERTED TO A RUNNING BAR
DIAGRAM. This way you avoid biting off more than what you can chew and disaster
commitments.. Have a quiet hour for planning every day. Your desk must be
functional—not just nice to look at, neatness signifies no great shit.—with the
pending work drawers within reach. To complete a job first begin.

Bust big problems into smaller ones—like how the Japanese build ships in their
village yards like Usuki using sub contractors. At least this busts the “I don’t
know where to start from” syndrome of procrastination. When there is no light at
the end of the tunnel the best is to break up the work into smaller units. The
sense of accomplishing one thing at a time will help you to stay in the drivers
seat.

A job is as simple as navigating across the ocean with limited fuel. Too often
we get bogged down by the means and lose sight of the road. The shortest route
need not be the fastest or fuel efficient route. The marathon man paces himself
till he reaches the destination. He does not sprint burn himself out and then
lie down on the CCR sofa with a Joan of Arc type expression on his face. Be the
catalyst –once you burn yourself out you have screwed up real good and will lose
respect. ENERGY MANAGEMENT and time management is more or less the same if you
think the lateral way.

Fatigue is a huge time waster leading to failure to deliver the goods. Self
discipline, abstaining from trivia , concentrating on creative work, thinking in
terms of objectives are the hall marks of productive managers. Hey! Does anybody
care for hardworking managers who spin their wheels and burn spectacular rubber
unnecessarily?.

 Doesanybodyrelatesweatonthebrowtoefficiency?Isthereanyneedtoconvinceothers(unle
 sstheyarestupid)anddelivertheimagethattheirleaderworksalot.

DC—( digression code ) I remember an electrical officer who could not read a
circuit diagram always having sweat on his brow—tee hee.

Do not get into the activity trap having lost sight of the larger picture---
wherein the activity becomes an end in itself—a false goal. You see such a thing
quite often in a ships engine room. The extreme to this is a chief engineer who
has brainwashed himself that the purpose of a ship is to take the engine room
from point A to point B—not to carry cargo and make money for its owner.

Keep a small diary in your pocket to note down random thoughts and ideas when
you are not at your desk—or you may forget it like the fleeting dream of Sigmund
Freud. Do not leave important thoughts that are essential to be remembered in
the clutches of a unreliable memory.

Creative time spent in planning, preparatory time spent in setting up,
productive time spent in doing the job are all worth it. Overhead time spent in
paperwork and reporting/ overlapping records is a time waster. And ALWAYS the
length of a progress report is inversely proportional to the amount of progress.
Time spent in planning is the biggest time saver. I must repeat--Don’t put your
hands into motion till you put your brain into gear.

Imagine a chief engineer and superintendent spending major part of their time on
nonsense overheads. Imagine a superintendent constantly peeking into the emails
of other ships not in his pool to update his curiosity or personal knowledge
bank—imagine a ships chief engineer having a similar facility to peek into the
correspondence emanating from engine rooms of other ships!! Do I strike a
familiar chord?

Move fast on reversible decisions and slower on irreversible decisions—just like
the open sea and a narrow channel navigation.

Play the ball—don’t let the ball play you. A small digression here. Recently I
went for a dolphin show. It was THE perfect show. It was a revelation when I
realised that it was the dolphin who was calling the shots on its own time
table. Much before the trainer said “ jump” the dolphin was already in the take
off mode.

 Lateralthinkerswillsometimesallowtheballtoplaythem—whichmeanslettingloosetherei
 nsyetbeingincontrol.InmycareerasmastermanytimesIhadescapedfromgravedifficulties
 byapplyingthismethod.AllowinganoniceclassshiptofinditsownwaytotheBelleduneberth
 inheavypackiceaftergettingaleadorallowingtheshiptofindthecentreofthemudswampedc
 hannelenroutetoRosariointheLaPlatariverorsurfingtheicystormnorthofAleutianchain
 (oops!MustnotrevealallmEsecretsandbeburntonthestakebythenoncomprehenders)

Handle only exceptional problems. Do not be relegated to the job of
communication boy—especially in an emergency. I do remember being in the TESMA
conference room with a fire raging on Sigloo Espoo—with the master giving a
pathetic running commentary on air—instead of command and control.

Avoid holding meetings ( especially unnecessary ones ) in prime time—when
everybodys energies are at a peak. Make meetings count. Nobody should depart
after a meeting feeling frustrated that it was a waste of time. A meeting cannot
be a ceremony where people give each other what they want , politically lying to
each other and getting zilch done.

Meet visitors outside your office and converse there.

Work on your ability to recover from interruptions. Learn to live with
interruptions. Treat every one on its own merit.

Delegate down wards. Don’t let parasite cum middlemen subordinates do upward
delegation . Imagine a master working for the incompetent chief officer and not
vice versa--- a scene at Fukuoka shipyard on North Contender.

Avoid perfectionism. Wisdom consists of knowing when to avoid perfectionism.
More often perfectionism is nothing but an ego trip—so spake Osho.

Learn to say NO to anything that is not the best use of your time. But be
available to your staff when absolutely needed. Imagine a master NOT going up on
the bridge when required by the officer on watch.

Keep your waste paper basket well fed. Trivia accumulates fast. Ask yourself
this question as you toss the paper—what would be the WCS ( worst case scenario)
if this paper was consigned to the waste bin ?

To complete a job—first begin. It takes greater energy to start than to sustain.
The unfinished business will act as a stimulus to continue. Unstarted work holds
no such catalysis. Setting deadlines is to kick start people to start. Once you
have started, have the wisdom and flexibility to change. Inability to stop is
called compulsive. Ever heard of a compulsive drinker? TIME MANAGEMENT IS THE
ABILITY TO START , CHANGE AND STOP THE TIME CYCLE—cyclic time is different from
linear time—like machinery running hours of CSM.

So then what are the time wasters? Travel, crisis management and fire fighting,
muncipality type red tape, incompetent staff, excessive turn over ( somebody
humming the tune of --please release me let me go—for I don’t love you any more
), involvement in routine and the mundane, making unnecessary progress reports
and sitreps.

Pen your goals. Pen and paper force you to be clear and precise –even to
yourself. Work on your mental ability to handle projects and multitask jobs.

Handle paperwork at the maximum twice. Keep incoming papers in a drawer to
mature. File only stuff worth filing.

Delegate as much as possible and exact accountability. Train crew towards
independent , unmonitored action. Delegate skilled tasks to the right people.
You should figure out who are the masons and who are the architects in your crew
list. Don’t give the mason an architects work and vice versa. And don’t let a
mason convince you that he is an architect and vice versa--This way you don’t
spend time on undoing. Asking dumb questions takes lesser time than correcting
dumb mistakes.

Coffee breaks for crew must be long enough to give brief relaxation—not to just
gulp down hot coffee and rush back.

Marlon Hontomins ( reverse delegator of Mutiny on the Conty fame ) first law for
the vertical thinkers ---the sooner you fall behind—the more time you have to
catch up.

Hontomins Second law: The slower you worketh the fewer mistakes you shall
maketh.

Hontomins Third law: The more proficient one is at procrastination—the less
competent you need to be in your work.

Hontomin’s legacy: the STUPID shall inherit the earth and its mineral rights.

Now you know why a certain Capt Bligh gave him the boot.

TIME MANAGEMENT IS LIFE MANAGEMENT. When you work with turkeys forget about the
happiness of soaring with the condors ( condor is the great wingspan Californian
eagle ).

Happiness comes when you believe in what you are doing, know what you are doing
and LOVE WHAT YOU ARE DOING and doing it well. You must get a feel that you make
a difference in the world you are in. Set peace of mind as your top goal and
organize your time around it. There is a certain amount of self respect, self
esteem , personal pride, enthusiasm and positive mental attitude you can squeeze
out of effective time management. Check out the energy you derive from working
smarter rather than working harder. Feel the spring in your step—the confidence
you radiate.

Lateral thinking is about starting with the end in mind and crisis anticipation.
Crisis anticipation is termed negative attitude by vertical thinkers using the
left lobe for whom fall back plans are a huge waste of time.The theory of
constraints say that there is a bottleneck for every project—how do you
circumvent or rather pulverize this time honoured and “not so inadequate”
bottleneck?

Control the sequence of events to get the best ROTI—returns on time invested (
this is different from the roti you have in mind –tee hee ). Leveraging time
means doing only the most important things in the available time. This means the
worst use of time to do perfectly well what need not be done at all. This
usually happens to the turkeys who lose the larger picture. ( I hope SPMCT does
not clap on to me –society for prevention against mental cruelty to turkeys )

You could use money to save time ( not buy it )—this is the essence of
outsourcing done by multinational companies—basically it boils down to
delegation to a company whose overheads and hourly rates are lower than yours.

Look closely at the Yankee law of success---FAKE IT TILL YOU MAKE IT . Before
you succeed your must first portray that you are successful. Same way for time
management. First visualize and portray yourself as a good time manager—well
organized and effective—and wait for the magic results.

Every meeting must have a clear written agenda and a deadline. Start the meeting
on time. Assume the late comers wont come. Persistent latecomers MUST feel your
heat. For this discipline yourself to be punctual. When you put deadlines you
force and energise the system. President Abdul Kalam calls such energizing
“igniting minds” – just a misnomer—one of the rare occasions the missile man
misfired.

Lateral thinking is about reorganization—continiously seeking better, faster and
more effective ways to accomplish the same result. World records are being
continuously broken due to such lateral thinking in training. Jumping greater
heights using Fosbury Flip is an example.

F1 racing pits law: DO THINGS RIGHT THE FIRST TIME EVERY TIME. This means zilch
mistakes—zilch time lost in undoing. Organize and simplify the work. There is no
perfectionism here –it is all about every being perfectly in order before the F1
car comes into the pit.

Law of delegation: even when you delegate fully without feedback—order of
priority of tasks must be in your hand.

Lateral thinking is about “back to the future” thinking. Project forward a few
years and look backwards. You need long term vision combined with short term
focus.

BRAINSTORMING is used to identify all possible causes of a problem before you
decide on a solution. The quantity of brainstorming matter you will be quite
surprised to discover will decide the quality of your solution. Aaha—quality
based on quantity? Well this is called anticipatory thinking. A collision is
heavy traffic is all about failed anticipatory thinking.

Spend some time every day to upgrade your skills and hone your intellect with
food for thought.

The lateral thinking person can hold two contradictory thoughts and still
continue to function. He uses mental flexibility as a time management tool. He
has the character to admit easily “ I changed mE mind”

Staying in the wrong company with wrong people around you is a time waster.

A short nap in the afternoon after a heavy lunch is a key time management tool.
Treat this time as a recharging battery time. If you have to avoid this nap—eat
lightly to keep your mind sharp and clear for the entire post lunch session.
Going to bed early when you are tired is an excellent use of time—for you are
recharging your only spent battery which is meant to keep you going .

Do not allow television to be a bad master.--- during working hours, barge in
into the crew and officers mess un announced once in a while .

Ever practiced COMPLETION BY DELETION?—of low value nonsense jobs, passed on to
you by some turkey’s nonsense observation list?— remember my cynical response
and dumping of Caltec inspection list of a certain John Bull.?. Simplifying your
life is all about eliminating unnecessary tasks and activities.

Speed reading and speed typing are major time savers. I do know a couple of old
masters who take 10 times more time to read or type a page of email than an
average guy. If his command of queens English is purrely pedestrrrian then he
might need a dictionary to go along with his chore. This reminds me—once my
Russian chief officer asked me accusingly “ Kaapthan –why you no spik
intherrrnationaal englisshh??” this type English is the subtitle you find in
Hollywood movies pirated Russian CD—coined by some Russian for fellow Russians.

After reading all above --Like the longhaired dude--- if you are indeed
overwhelmed with too much to do with too little time –it pays to remind
yourself—

ALL YOU CAN DO --- IS ALL YOU CAN DO. ( something like—when you got to go, you
got to go ) for after all you are human not a superman.

Altas could hold the whole world on his head –but could not hold his own-- SH#T
.

Capt Ajay Prasad or Capt Sanjay Mehta or Capt Anshuman Jain will remember that
this was the only piece of wisdom I gave him when handing over 4 stripes to
them.

You will never find time for anything. If you want time you must make it. -
Charles Buxton

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
********************************************************************************
SPIRIT AND CHE GUEVARA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


SPIRITUAL QUOTIENT-


I really cannot do justice to the subject of SPIRIT unless I speak of CHE
GUEVARA.

Recently icons like Mike Tyson and Diego Maradona , who were no 1 in their
respective fields , got the face of a human being , who died in 1967 tattooed on
their bodies.

Tyson did it over his heart, Maradona on his biceps. Nobody in the word need to
ask, whose is that face !.







Well we have billions of human beings who left their footprints on this planet.
All of them had two eyes, one nose and a mouth. This face is special.




What is so special about this face?

The face which stares at you is that of a handsome man wearing a Beret adorned
with a star on it… with impatient haunting eyes burning with vision for the
future of oppressed people through out the world .



The face has the ability to inspire hope and self emancipation and turn knaves
into heroes. Maximum number of T shirts , patches , buttons and coffee cups on
this planet have this enduring face emblazoned on it.



What is the reason?

When the Castro brothers Fidel and Raul landed on the shores of Cuba from the
boat Granma, they had just 17 men ill equipped and seasick alive with them – one
of them was Che Guevara , an Argentinian doctor.



They took on the might of the Yank backed puppet Batista government who had
turned Cuba into a Las Vegas type whore house for the rich -- and won.

Che Guevera showed true character and took all the outrageous risks . He
displayed outstanding individual prowess , authenticity and limitless faith,
despite being a foreigner. He thus had supreme moral authority.

The Castro brothers cornered the glory of the revolution for themselves. Later
Che took the revolution to Congo and Bolivia, where he was finally done in by
the Green berets.



Now who is ze Green Beret?.



Rambo lisped from the corner of his mouth that he was one. The Green Berets were
a group of 800 elite commandos created by Kennedy to smoke out Che Guevera from
the wilderness of Boliva . Such was the fear he instilled on the oppressors.

At the age of 39, Che Guevara was captured in Bolivia and executed in
Vallegrande, and his last words to his executor were, "Shoot, coward, you're
only going to kill a man”.



His hands were hacked off embalmed in Formaldehyde and sent to Castro and then
buried in a unmarked grave as if his spirit would do more harm after he was dead
than when he had been alive.

Vows from the youth of those defiant times in the 60’s resounded all across
Latin America, “No lo vamos a olvidar! We won't let him be forgotten!!



Though Communism had driven itself into the ground and lost it’s fire, Che
Guevara still remains, as the ultimate SPIRIT behind every Revolution of the
oppressed! The Legend of Che Guevara remains forever in the hearts of all rebels
– be it a Tyson , a Maradona or a ordinary FREE SPIRITED biker.



The Naxalites of India, declared recently that they would run over India in
other 40 years. Their leaders are narrow minded and selfish “ Psuedo Che
Guavaras” minus the spirit.

Che Guevara is a larger than life man to measure up to, and impossible to
surpass. But it must be granted that spirited men like him have an ability to
inspire similar qualities in others.



Che perished championing the cause of the oppressed world citizen—he was not a
bomber terrorist. Che exemplified sacrifice, tenacity and work ethic in the
purest form and was ready to shed blood for all peoples.

NOW LET ME GET BACK TO THE CORE SUBJECT – OF SPIRIT.

Man has 3 faces to his nature – body, mind and spirit . A proper balance between
the 3 is required. If any of the 3 is undeveloped he will suffer in life.


All distinctions between body mind and spirit are artificial. They have been
created only to make it easier for us to comprehend our existence here on earth
in linear time. We are holistic beings NOT a sum of our parts.


Spiritually mature persons have an ability to be themselves. They are
spontaneous and in the moment, capable of being anything the moment brings them.
For them each moment is freshly minted – a source of delight and awe.



You experience timelessness, and defencelessness. These are qualities of spirit
which are not constrained by control or fear. As we evolve, the spirit will
control the mind and body to determine our thoughts, words and actions.



At the apex of evolution, the mind takes its cues from the spirit and the body
from the mind. 40 HZ neural Gamma oscillations that result in our human
consciousness and our spiritual intelligence have their root in nothing less
than 'God'.

Spirit is the principle of conscious life-- the vital principle in humans,
animating the body or mediating between body and soul.

Leadership is of spirit.



Spirit is active power or energy which invade people. Under its supernatural
influence, people go beyond the apparently set limits of human knowledge,
physical powers or endurance, like rivers exceeding its banks.



Its practise is an ART. Leaders encourage the heart. Management is of the mind.
Its practise is a science. You can be appointed a manager. But you are NOT a
leader unless your appointment as a manager is ratified in the hearts and minds
of those who work for you.

Hope is oxygen for the human SPIRIT.



Everything done in this world is achieved by hope. You breathe in hope by
building up self confidence and pride in others. You remove your team from the
black hole of despondency, growing apathy and despair. The most dangerous enemy
within is indifference .

A man should be guided by his SPIRIT.

Spiritual Quotient is the latest buzzword. What are the benefits— the biggest is
enduring courage and faith in moral values and conscience .




The human spirit grows strong by conflict. Storms make oaks take deeper root.

The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort, but
where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.- Martin Luther King





Here are the lyrics of a poem inspired by the overflowing spirit of world
citizen, Che Guevara!

“Fly Like An Eagle" -- by The Steve Miller Band

Feed the babies who don’t have enough to eat Shoe the Children with no shoes on
their feet House the people living in the Street Oh, there’s a solution

I wanna… Fly like an eagle, to the sea Fly like an eagle, let my SPIRIT carry me
I wanna … Fly like an eagle, till I'm free



- --ride through the revolution--”
********************************************************************************
LEADERSHIP AT SEA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


BLUE OCEAN LEADERSHIP-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

“You cant sail her with just 2 men. You’ll never get out of the harbour!” Son,
“I’m Captain Jack Sparrow, savvy?”

--- Johnny Depp ( cool dude adventurer) in Pirates of the Caribbean.


Great achievers are rarely realistic by other peoples standards for they see
problems as valuable feedback to help them steer a better course. It is your
belief about your own capabilities , which force you to try on not to try . The
comfort zone is a great enemy for courage and confidence. Set high goals and
standards for yourself. Completely unrealistic goals however are a form of self
delusion. Only a fool will try and delude himself into success.

Often my critics and my well wishers ask me why I self inflict and keep the
Sword of Damocles dangling all the time over me . I tell them – it is mE style.

Here is the secret--

Insecurity or the sword of Damocles is the chief propulsive power in this world.
Some mavericks, like you know who-- welcome a certain amount of frustration as a
challenge—it gives them a kick to overcome it. Treat a quickened pulse caused by
adrenaline rush as an ally –and not as an enemy. You have the power now to
convert fear into excitement, flight to fight.

When people gun for them it gives a chance to prove themselves . Tactical anger
has more to do than what meets the eye. You can now do things you would not have
done normally. Some people need to feel angry in order to create enough leverage
on themselves to make a change. Too little stress may be as harmful as too much
stress, especially when you want to get a task done. Some stress or stimulation
is needed for optimum performance—this is termed positive stress response PSR.
Optimum stimulation causes creativity and change. Performance rises as stress
increases. Once a optimum point is crossed however, increasing stress impairs
judgement and alertness and performance falls off. Too much stress causes panic
and feeling of inability to cope.

Among all my mentoring pieces —this is the only one I am fully qualified to
write. Leader ship is an art which you practice, or it just remains a notion
frustrating you with its elusiveness and tantalizing you with its possibilities.
It is not a concept, it is something you do. A lawyer practices law, a doctor
practices medicine, a cook practices cooking—same way a leader practices
leadership.

Leadership is not what you learn in management schools and books . Most such
books are written by unqualified whiz kids, who consider a map more important
than the terrain. They have never been higher than the base camp at the
Himalayas—but have written several books on how to conquer the Everest. Yeah,
sure!  Edmund Hillary had got drunk over a few bottles of beer and given them a
scoop on a platter— sure, we believe that. Just as a champion bridge player does
not emerge from a single session at the table, effective leadership simply does
not happen without practice. You have to know what to hold and what to discard,
when.

Hmmm! So what are my qualifications ---- I am from the land of thinkers, I have
more than 6400 days of actual command on board merchant ships—24 hours of
contextual leadership in every of those 6400 days . Very few souls on this
planet have this type of quality/ quantity leadership-hour exposure. ( yeah!
this is a bit like crane hook hours you fill on the cargo work abstract ! tee
hee! )

People who have sailed with me will cry—“Capt Vadakayil never practiced a dang
word of what he has written here ”. They are absolutely right. My maverick style
has always been based on humor and the awe factor ( yeah, 16 kilo dumbbells were
part of inducing this factor ).

This way I could kick the beehive, and the bees instead of stinging me to death
, willingly parted with their piggy bank honey. They stole from other hives and
gave me that too. But that does not mean I did not know what it takes . The
clown of the trapeze show is usually the most versatile of the entire lot. Don’t
let his clumsiness fool you.

Now a ship’s captain is not like the one size fits all , 9 to 5 shore company
boss who operates in secure surroundings and will take bed rest if he feels
queasy in the morning . This one trick pony’s life is never at risk, when he has
a security problem he uses his chair power ---there is a department to deal with
it, if one of his team has a accident-- there is a specialist doctor available,
if his faucet leaks-- he calls the plumber, if one of his managers gets run over
by a truck when crossing the road to office , he is not hauled over the burning
embers for not training the manager how to cross the road properly with a log
entry authenticating the solemn deed.

In short a “one size fits all” shore company CEO is not a 24 hour father figure.
He rarely gets the opportunity to practice emotional or contextual leadership
like a ships captain ,where he got to juggle diverse hats—doctor, lawyer, judge
, policeman, plumber, cook, barber, tailor, head shrink, journalist, politician,
conciliator, party organizer, coach, diplomat, savior, plumber, engineer,
metallurgist, referee, soldier without licence to kill  —you name it.

This jack of all trades changes hats every few steps based on the context,
culture , setting , direct/ indirect cues that demand a particular style of
leadership—where relevance, urgency and potential , relative to the need of his
crew are dynamically assessed.

Contextual leadership does not seek to transcend the individual. A ship’s crew
is usually made up of individuals from a wide variety of backgrounds, ages,
education, ethnicity, experience, and culture. You are responsible for a whole
gang not so bright or brain dead that you did not pick, whom you cant smack or
sack –you are expected to accommodate them for the entire 4 month contract. Even
if you get united nations good players , getting them to play together is the
hard part..

The captain is often faced with a rapidly changing business environment, a
single leadership style like a company manager cannot be expected to be
effective with every person, or in every situation. The best leadership style is
"the style that works". Here you take into account all the forces in the
situation or “the context”. It could be rough seas. How do you integrate these
forces so you can select the style that is most effective, the one that produces
the best outcome for the company, the charterer,, the crew, the weather and the
situation . The context determines your next move.

You have an idea of a contextual “ flammability composition graph” which is used
on board tankers to keep away from the explosion cup ? Knowing the
characteristics of each context is the beginning of deciphering the mysteries of
leadership . How you lead depends on Who, What, Where, and When you lead. You
must know how to adapt or change your leadership approach as the conditions
evolve and maturity levels.

Success in one realm does not always translate into success in another. Indeed,
superintendents relying on obsolete management school powered past models of
success without being sensitive to the context of the situation , and ignoring
the dynamic needs to choose afresh , has often caused disaster at sea.

This piece is about futuristic blue ocean leadership. The land lubbers can use
this too as it is tailored for their use—they can call it blue sky leadership
and feel comfortable. Here you don’t have to be grey or dull or boring—you can
be exciting, adventurous, innovative—whatever you decide to be, you must be
consistent. No one else knows that you can work miracles—but you know you can do
it , deep down—and that is what is important.

A good leader has the technique to get extra ordinary performance from ordinary
people. He can take his team to places they would not have gone by themselves .
He will reinvent his industry instead of just simply trying to lead it. He is
capable of generating good solutions for difficult problems. He will not give up
easily and can recover quickly when faced with setbacks. He can understand ,
accept and is sensitive to individual differences. He prevents his team from
stagnating and losing touch with reality. He stands at the teams point of
balance. He is aware of his teams pulse and emotional undercurrents. He is
consistent, fair, upright, no-bull kind of leader , treats everyone with dignity
and can listen. He can understand his employers perspective. That is why he
wears the mystique and the style —the air of power , honour and dignity , and he
is trusted and respected.

On board my ship , every month end there is a meeting with everybody sharing a
failure ( near miss/ incident/ hazard ) --- to find out what people have to
offer, to allow them to contribute the valuable experience they have collected
from other experiences and companies, to involve the entire team in problem
identification , goal setting, to develop an action plan, and to evaluate own
their work. Based on such meetings I usually have the crew list marked
with—competent, committed, architect, mason—so that a effective threesome or
foursome team can be made. A Big Moose/ Dilton team is more effective with the
menacing beach bums than 2 Diltons or 2 Mooses.

Management that perceives order as its mission and chaos as the enemy will
totally miss the opportunities present when the established structures fall
away, allowing for the creation of new and more appropriate ones. Einstein
said—you can never solve a problem with the same kind of thinking that created
the problem in the first place . After the Kobe earth quake—the Japanese still
did not learn their lessons—they still made top heavy houses on stilts with
paper walls.

Annual seminars give each employee the unique opportunity to take a high level
look at the company and its direction—thus encouraging every one to spend a
couple of days living and thinking like the CEO. Employees could then examine
their own challenges from a different perspective and encourage each other to be
more creative and innovative. This is very different from our own EMS seminars
which is more like a collective bargaining agreement ,free for all, with vested
interests rubbing their hands in anticipation from the sidelines , for the
fallout spoils.

Innovation involves tangential lateral thinking, approaching tasks from
unexpected angles, challenging assumptions, irreverence to consensual views,
lack of respect for past custom , rocking the boat and challenging rules.
Innovations initially tend to be less efficient that existing methods.

Management as taught in prestigious management schools and practiced currently
worldwide is a science. Inventories can be managed, people must be led-by
example. There can be no bad soldiers under a good general who exudes confidence
and can never break into a sweat. .. Leadership strives to accomplish change,
whereas management focuses on maintaining equilibrium while achieving results
using the late working drones and the worker ants. A manager has to manage
processes rather than people for people can manage themselves if you let them..

Leaders think for the great using imagination and intuitive powers. Managers
with analytical , number crunching monkeys riding their backs , just stereo
type, working for the good. The biggest enemy of great is good. Once you have a
good enough solution, it takes a lot of effort and courage and brainpower to
look for even better ways.

A managers job is to create stability and deal with reality. A leaders job is to
stir emotion and set audacious , grandiose goals that shake the status quo.
Management uses an explicit set of tools and techniques, based on reasoning and
testing, that can apply to a variety of situations. Leadership has fewer
explicit tools. Too much management and you stagnate. Too much leadership and
trend setting , and you get nowhere. Embrace the challenge of striking the
balance.

Many managers follow the notion of busy fools and confuse hard work with long
hours. They feel they must be bloody good if they push the mouse 16 hours a day.
Management is more formal and scientific than leadership. It relies on
foundation skills such as planning and controlling. Leadership requires
eliciting teamwork and motivating people.

A leader makes frequent use of his or her imagination and creative problem-
solving techniques to bring about change. A manager tends to make frequent use
of standard, well-established solutions to problems.

A leader frequently displays enthusiasm, passion, and inspiration to get others
to attain high levels of performance. Managing involves less outward emotion and
a more conservative demeanor to achieve goals once they are defined.

Many managers mistake task assignment for delegating. Task assignment is just a
routine work which is autocratically demanded and seen by the employee as a
burden. Here the main focus is action. Delegation produces growth, must be
negotiated as it could be misunderstood and it requires commitment. The
leadership style here is laissez-faire. The things the leader knows the best is
delegated. By delegating he shares his knowledge. He gives people the
opportunity for broader experiences. He will get his employees to volunteer
themselves and not wait for someone to discover how great he really is.

Rely strongly on intuition and think out of the box when solving problems. Take
pride in your ability to generate alternate solutions. There is a better way to
do things than what has been done in the past. Have a child like approach—not
caring what others think. See a problem from all perspectives and do upside down
thinking. Permit others to tear down your ideas and so that you may rebuild it .
Have the strength of character to battle entrenched resistance to change. I was
witness to such spirited resistance at leaderless Trogir shipyard where I stayed
6 weeks for delivery of chemical tanker Siteam Explorer. The management could
not even make the yard workers wear helmets—that says it all.

Practise tip of the iceberg thinking. Treat every unexpected event as an
indication of a trend. Rethink means turning the problems you face on its head
or approaching it backwards. It could mean challenging all fundamental
assumptions. Intuition is an accelerated form of thinking where the disparate
parts of a problem suddenly snaps into place like the pieces of a jigsaw—the
answer just feels right. Rethink could mean pull instead of push.

Richard Branson had come to the campus of Delhi IIT in the third week of Jan
2008 , with the British PM for a tete e tete with the students. He was the first
in the world to apply futuristic open page thinking by hiring people who did not
have a background in the airline industry— all of them Virgin ( now don’t ask me
if that is literal for the British air hostesses tee hee !! ) , except the
pilots.

The MD of Univan had applied this 16 years back when he employed a ordinary
lawyer as the head of Safety Dept ( the man turned out to be overbearing and
overwrought –that is another story ). Vroon Breskens had employed a land lubbing
management guru as their technical director 12 years back—he would not know the
difference between a cast and a die or port from starboard —but he did have the
ability to pull the lens back.

Leadership as it used to be is no longer appropriate. Leadership as command and
control is defeated even before it starts by the chaotic conditions of our
times. In our times of huge change the leader is not in control over the normal
levers of power.

Leadership is like shining a torch beam –you need to know where to shine it and
for how long. You shine it in the wrong place or at the wrong time you put the
adventure at peril and lose respect. Imagine a scenario where you are the leader
of a school bus load of boy scouts and girl guides—you are trying to reach
safety after a picnic and your bus breaks down in a dark forest before an
impending storm. You have a torch which you have to put to optimum use before
the batteries run out.. This calls for anticipation and intuition.

Decide what is right before you decide what is possible. If every possible
obstacle must first be overcome, nothing will ever get done. Make firm decisions
about the things you want—burn your mental bridges behind you. Over concern for
the approval of others can paralyse you ability to take effective action.

Good leaders must have emotional vocabulary. Words are triggering devices to
instantly heighten or lower emotions . Have you ever been deeply moved by a
great communicator. On the walls of my old school was posted the great letter by
Abraham Lincoln to a school teacher —on how to mould his son-- I have yet to see
someone who was not deeply moved by this great piece of communication. Why don’t
you read this para and check out if you feel touched? Caution: the brain dead
must stay away.

Quote— Try to give my son the strength not to follow the crowd when everyone is
getting on the bandwagon... In school, teach him it is far more honorable to
fail than to cheat..... Teach to have faith in his own ideas, even if everyone
tells him he is wrong. Teach him to be gentle with gentle people and tough with
the tough. Teach him to listen to all men; but teach him also to filter all he
hears on a screen of truth, and take only the good that comes through. Teach
him, if you can, how to laugh when he is sad... Teach him there is no shame in
tears. Teach him to scoff at cynics and to be beware of too much sweetness..
Teach him to sell his brawn and brain to highest bidders, but never to put a
price on his heart and soul. Teach him to close his ears to a howling mob.. and
stand and fight if thinks he is right. He will have to learn, I know, that all
men are not just and are not true. But teach him if you can, the wonder of
books.. but also give him quiet time to ponder the eternal mystery of birds in
the sky, bees in the sun and flowers on a green hillside. Treat him gently, but
do not cuddle him, because only the test of fire makes fine steel. Let him have
the courage to be impatient.. Let him have the patience to be brave. Teach him
always to have sublime faith in himself, because then he will have faith in
humankind. This is a big order, but see what you can do. . He is such a fine
little fellow my son! - Abraham Lincoln"--- Unquote

Words have the power to start wars or create peace. People with impoverished
vocabularies do not have the multi hued palette of colours to paint their life’s
experiences for them selves or for others. Leadership requires first and
foremost excellent communication skills combined with listening skills. That is
how context and cultural sensitivities are sensed and converted in suggestions
and actions

Intuitive transition management might be deemed by conventional wisdom and
number crunchers as beyond the edge of the frivolous. Imagination plus a sense
of wonder creates vision from which futures are made.

A vision is an idealized scenario of the future of an organization—a goal that
entices people to work toward a rosy future. A leader creates the vision and a
strategy to reach the vision; a manager uses a set of skills to work toward
achieving the vision

Now, vision is not a policy statement or the product of a committee. Vision
emerges from the depths. It has a lot to do with the powers of intuition and the
operation of the RH side of the brain. Einstein apparently heard his visions as
music which he later translated into mathematics.

Visionaries are driven people. They see things that others do not see , march to
a different drummer, play by new rules. They tend to be strange and difficult to
get along with. If visionaries are compulsive they are also frustrating, for
they tend to talk in repetitive circles, like you know who-- struggling to bring
their object of awareness into focus. Their compulsions give them the appearance
of certainty. Their lack of clarity often make them an object of scorn. An
example of a visionary was Da Vinci who was centuries ahead of his time. Your
vision is the blue print of your achievements. Don’t let vision be a mirage, or
an unrealistic pie in the sky thinking.

Some managers feel threatened if others do not fit in to their stereotype mould.
They do not understand that every human being is different and dictated to by
his own will and heart and mind. Generally, less experienced or insecure
managers will tend to lean on the more authoritarian types of leadership because
they desire the title of leader to bolster their self-esteem, and they lack
confidence in their skills. Talented, mature leaders employ the most appropriate
style based on the context. Through all leadership situations, you must find a
style of leadership most suited to the occasion that balances your own maturity
and capabilities and the group's maturity and ability.

Emergency situations do not lend themselves to consultation or delegation or for
a show of hands like in the Lok Sabha.

Marine engineers who move up to shore management often face an adjustment period
that involves adopting a whole new skill- and mindset. They must let go of their
affinity for hard numbers and straightforward answers, and learn to embrace
ambiguity. " In management, there's no right or wrong," --There are only
effective answers.

Management deals with ambiguity, with situations where answers don't exist in a
right-and-wrong structure. I believe management is a whole new career for tunnel
visioned marine engineers.

Thinking is nothing but the process of asking and answering questions. What
drives our behavior however is -- gut reactions , neuro-associations linked to
pain and pleasure —not intellectual calculations. To create a new behavior you
have to simply rewire yourself. All decisions are driven by your unconscious
desire to achieve pleasure values and avoid your pain values. All are pushed by
one value and pulled back my another. Decision making is nothing but values
clarification. We all have a miniature court system set up in our brains . Our
personal rules are the ultimate judge and jury. Next time you get upset with
somebody –remember—you are not upset with that person. You are reacting to your
own rules for the situation. Use this pattern interruptus ( no—it is not like
coitus interruptus tee hee!! ) to refocus on how to communicate in a better
fashion, to avoid conflict.


HARD TRUTHS to forge the BOL mindset.--

Debates rarely progress beyond thesis and anti thesis. The usual effect is to
leave each side more deeply entrenched in their original position. On the
contrary ,when you brainstorm what remains at the end is wisdom.

There is no training course or book for the unwritten rules, that make you a
good leader.

Each person has two sides to his personality—the analytical and the intuitive.

Thinkers learn to trust the latter.

Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.

Good behavior is the last refuge of mediocrity. Check out the well behaved , non
controversial , Rosgolla sweet guys around you and see how good they are!

There is always magic in the first attempt. IAS gold medalist-- 3rd attempt ,
hardly has a sheen.

For a man who has no idea whether he is sailing Ganga bajoo or Jamuna bajoo—no
wind is the right wind.

Rather be saved by criticism than be ruined by praise.

When all is lost the future still remains.

May a true word is said in jest.

Credibility stems from what you do—not what you say.

The wheel that squeaks gets the grease. Another school of thought--The wheel
that squeaks the loudest before a long journey gets replaced.

Unless you value yourself you will not value your time.

A weak mind is like a microscope which magnifies trifling things –but just
cannot receive the great ones.

The stupid are always cock sure- it is the intelligent ones who are full of
doubt.

Creative minds have been known to survive all bad training and bad company..

Only when it is dark enough , you can see the stars. An engineer can prove his
mettle only when his machinery breaks down.

It is all right if somebody lets go once in a while –as long as he can get
himself back.

People with self esteem are usually cheerful –yes!

Failure is often the result of neglecting to make that call – or to go that
extra mile.

Gifted men need to be challenged constantly in order to excel.

Most problems well defined are already half solved.

Unhappiness is very often nothing but a bad habit.

If a man does only what is required of him he is a slave—the moment he does more
he is a free man.

There are two kinds of discontent in this world—one that works and the other
that wrings its hands. There is no cure for the first type, but success—there is
no cure at all for the second.

Knowledge is power only when it is put into action ( the old proverb need to be
amended )—if you do not use knowledge , it remains potential power only.

A lot of us see—very few observe. Most sleepwalk through life without paying any
attention to the infinite possibilities around.

Courtesy is the lubricant of society. Probably this should be mE resolution for
2009--. to be courteous when I feel like bloodying some jack ass’s nose.

The absence of fear is either the lack of imagination of intelligence or of the
will to live. Fear however is a good creative force.

All great thinkers and inventors were ridiculed at first. It is a human failing
to deride new ideas or efforts. The thing to do is to laugh at the scoffers and
go right ahead and do what you feel is right.

Business is an intuitive activity involving hunches and gut feeling. Computers
can NEVER be business leaders.

For dreams to mature they need a period of incubation. Leave them in the attic
of your mind for too long , and mould gathers. Bring them out in the open too
soon they get evaporate.

Creativity requires a challenge.

Watch out for minions for whom pleasing a superior can become more important
than campaigning for or doing the things he believes is right for the
organization.

It is great to find at work an outlet for skills and abilities beyond those for
which one was explicitly hired.

When a problem crops up again and again—it means the root cause is hidden, and
you have to dig deeper.

Drive for consensus and fear of conflict drives the company towards mediocrity.

People are the way they are today due to their upbringing, culture, past
experience and financial status.

Chaos is our constant companion in these times of change. Eliminating chaos is
tantamount to eliminating life.

What you cannot comprehend---you cannot predict.

Mentors are meant to open the doors of your mind rather than giving free advice.

The mindless optimist is the fellow who falls from the 80th story of a
skyscraper and as he passes the 50th floor cry with self satisfaction—so far so
good.

The most fulfilled people are those who have dissolved the boundaries between
work , love and play.

People who say that something cannot be done should not interrupt those who are
doing it. Those who are not lighting any candles should not bitch about the
dark.

Dream big , for only big dreams have the power to move your spirit.

Your mind is like a muscle –the more you use it, the more powerful it becomes.

Self confidence requires high levels of health and energy.

It is not what happens to you but how you respond to what happens to you that
determines how you feel.

Life is too short to waste a minute doing a job you don’t like or care about.

Confidence also comes from being prepared to walk away from a bad situation.

Learn from experts. You will not live long enough to figure it all out.

Any idea or thought that you accept as true will be accepted as a command by
your subconscious mind.

The cold and hard north wind made the Vikings.

Forgiveness is a perfectly selfish act. It sets you free from the past.

Courtesies of a small and trivial character are the ones which strike deepest in
the grateful appreciating heart.

The illiterate of the next century will not be those who do not know how to read
and write—but those who cannot unlearn and relearn.

Sure formula for failure is to try and please everybody.

If you fear competition what you really fear is your own incompetence.

When goals are exciting they ignite your passion . Passion unexpressed by your
emotional muscles, simply dissipates.

Know the strengths and weaknesses of your team, or you will be forever trying to
shove round pegs into square holes and vice versa.

Man’s mind when stretched by a new idea never goes back to its original
dimensions.

Change is our greatest ally. The kind of thinking that brought us where we are
will NOT get us where we want to go.

All great salesmen have one thing in common—enthusiasm for their product.

Some people show greater interest in work than getting paid for work. People who
make a difference are always the ones with the concern – not with the
credentials.

Commitment to a higher standard compels you to act.

If the map and the terrain differs , the terrain counts. The map is just a
means—like the budget.

Stories produce better change than dry abstractions. Stories convey beliefs and
get hardwired into our brain networks—they tap into ways of intuitively
understanding the subtle currents that flow through our lives.

Hurt comes from a feeling of loss, which is mostly illusionary.

In order to have a true perspective of one’s importance, keep a cat as a pet
that will ignore you royally and a dog that will worship you. You will soon
learn not to intimidate or get even with your cat or score brownie points.

Moaning is unproductive and it achieves nothing. It make you a magnet for other
moaners ( the laws of magnetism fail here ). Cheerful and positive people
attract likewise.

The worst use of time is to do extremely well what need not be done at all.
Usually this is what people do to make up for their own lack of competence. I
remember once taking over from a Master with a KGB mindset who has the most
perfect filing system on this planet—it contained 99% information and stuff
which could never be used in the future—sheer waste of paper and time.

Reward extraordinary efforts. Do you remember how great it felt when you got an
unexpected bonus at work the last time. If you feed a dolphin every time it
jumps and start an uninspired pattern—very soon it wont jump unless you feed it
first.

This is how the unionized Calcutta crew of SCI ships got rotten to the core—no
OT, no work. The solution is to give rewards spontaneously. The feeling of being
uncertain whether you will be rewarded or not excites the nervous system,
increasing the intensity of pleasure when rewarded. To learn more—ask a
compulsive gambler , who has been gambling away non stop for 12 hours , about
this high which addicts. The dolphin thus jumps high because of the exciting
possibility of a juicy reward.

Use negative emotions as a call to action. The best time to use a negative
emotion is when you begin to feel it. –kill the monster when it is still tiny,
before it can go out of proportion. Your brain gives you emotions of fear and
anxiety as a call for preparedness for what may occur in the near future..
Cultivate an attitude of positive expectancy about future events. Treat
frustration as your friend. Guilt tells you that you have violated your own
standard—so don’t wallow in it—do something to prevent you from violating you
own high standard.

A common denominator among successful leaders is that they consistently make
superior evaluations and so can anticipate better than others. They can use
foresight to place themselves in the best position for scoring, and seize the
moment ( even the infamous hand of god !) -- like Maradona.

To learn about systematization watch a good cook in a popular short order Udipi
restaurant in Mumbai at rush lunch hour. Every move he makes is for a definite
purpose. All his ingredients are within easy reach. The most used ones are
closest to him. He is so familiar with their positions that he need not look
when he reaches out for them—just like the car clutch, brake and accelerator. He
puts in every ingredient in at the right time so that nothing is under cooked or
over cooked, he has so many hot plates running simultaneously.

A Creative thinker like to see lots of sky and an extensive beautiful view,
rather than sit in a stationary locker without windows. The creative process is
aided by by walking on open ground—if the eyes can see far , the mind can reach
out. On a walk he will let his brain idle—it allows slower brain waves where
connection happens. Though the brain is just a small part of the body weight, it
consumes a quarter of the fuel that is essential for problem solving. Thinkers
must have an informal work climate. Knowing how to communicate to innovators
whose style is alien to yours is important.

If you put your ships crew in a trashy environment,they will trash it even
further—but if you put them in a beautiful environment with uplifting images
which fires their imagination they will preserve it and feel more at ease with
themselves.

To cultivate your inner garden spend more time with positive uplifting people
with wit and interesting perceptions. There is beauty in thinking for ourselves
and not accepting someone else’s mediocre standards.

If you are tackling a topic that requires a fresh study, best is to drown
yourself in it for an hour without consciously force searching for solutions.
Blue thinking means suspending your judgement which tend to be clouded by past
and limiting experiences.

A good leader will even retrain his parents ,who cannot relinquish their old
dominance, to communicate with him on an adult to adult basis , and avoid being
manipulated by guilt traps.

A soft answer turneth away wrath. Let not the sun go down on your own wrath.
Geniuses do not wait for an idea to interrupt them—they actively seek them out.
They can adapt themselves to anything by making the right demands upon
themselves incrementally.

When people do the extra mile beyond the call of duty praise is due on the
spot—not one week later. Failure to give praise may cause them to stop doing
this.

The number one demotivator in the world of work is not knowing what is
expected—where to put the fulcrum on the quality /quantity lever.

Eliminate worry by identifying the worst possible outcome of every situation.
This means risk assessment forms we use are are stress busters. Analyse each
situation by asking what is the worst case scenario that could happen and then
use the T4 principle to eliminate it

SOME DO’S

You must have your principles and there must be a line beyond which you will not
go. Let no member of your team come to you without leaving better and happier.

Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers. Learn ability is the
ability to extract generic inferences from specific instances and using them in
new unstructured situations.

Sometimes you cannot control the events in your life but you can always control
your response to them. Do not expend energy on an approach that is
useless—flexibility gives you the power to create a new approach— if this is
construed as shifting goal posts in the middle of a match –so be it. Flexibility
is an attitude. If there is one sure thing to guarantee success—it is the
ability to change your approach

Use judgement and discretion—there are times when the exact truth and truth
finding exercises are unnecessary.

When there is a problem go out and act—do just sit there too frightened to move
–do something.

New ideas come from differences, from having different perspectives and
juxtaposing different theories. Allow yourself to be unsane , untrapped in your
every day sense of sanity to experience things you have unconsciously kept
yourself away from. Professional growth is an extraordinarily high need. Support
and give some political cushioning when warranted. Provide flexible working
hours.

Provide your team with the necessary equipment -- get them the best broadband or
the latest Windows Vista.

At meetings , a period of social interaction before getting down to business can
encourage a relaxed atmosphere and establish team spirit. You can show that you
are interested in somebody as a person , not just as a co worker or boss.

At meetings look for areas where different views dove tail and can reach an
amicable solution. When the going gets tough avoid staring—keep your gaze
withing the imaginary triangle produced by the brows and nose.—and make your
body language work for you. Where the message is important increase direct eye
contact. Look for grimace body language signs which indicate that you have waxed
lyrical for too long.

Motivate your team to go that extra distance. Work on your ability to take the
complex and make it simple. Maximize limited resources. ( does it sound a little
like our own infamous “ we maximize your earning potential “ which the
shipchandlers and workshops followed to the T --tee hee!!) .

Seize the moment . Know what to do well in advance. Avoid the tendency to snatch
back previously delegated work. Shifting priorities, new deadlines and
conflicting signals may tempt leaders to snatch back.

Keep abreast with technical developments and be willing to commit. Make quick
decisions.

Focus your attention on the immediate needs of your crew. Personally sacrifice
for the common good in times of extreme crisis.

Convey the behavior and levels of performance that will be considered
unacceptable, acceptable or exemplary within the team..

Rely on intuition and judgement in dealing with attitudes, biases, perceptions,
emotions and feelings. Don’t set arbitrary policies without consulting those
directly involved. Stretch your comfort zone to initiate conversations with crew
and get commitment at the end of the conversation. Side stepping issues will
lead to mistrust and lower your credibility.

Set performance standards that challenge. Give some constructive criticism.

Build a sense of family and make key people know that regardless of what happens
you will remain a united family. A culture is designed to support the company’s
most valuable resource—its competent and committed employees. He knows the
importance of keeping the wolves off the backs of his team.

Sometimes step aside as a leader so as not to slow everyone else down. Give
authority to people to whom you have given responsibility.

Regularly check how everybody is doing emotionally, psychologically and
physically.

Take steps to ensure that the team is proud of how they are developing.

Set a pace to allow everybody to keep up. Make sure the work load is balanced
for everyone.

Roll up your sleeves and pitch in during times of crisis. Say—your 3 month stock
of ship’s provisions are all lying on deck and suddenly there is a huge
downpour.

Understand the capabilities of your group. Empower people to take action. Treat
all with fairness and dignity.

Let people know that you are open to suggestions and recommendations.

At the end of the day review today’s actions and plan for tomorrow.

Respect is gained by personal courage displayed during difficult times and in
the face of potential strong opposition. Be spontaneous without fear of being
nervous. Be dominant—not domineering. Be strong when your team is under stress.

Take time off to think.

Be constantly aware of learning opportunities. Never be afraid to ask questions
if you does not know the answers. Take responsibility for your own learning
curve.

Detect and check deviations from standard operating procedures to see if they
are for the better

Be a good diagnostician and value a spirit of inquiry. Preoccupation with small
technical problems and getting bogged down with tiny meaningless details is
undesirable. In any workplace there will be a mountain of red tape, bureaucracy,
old rules left by the previous management regimes—get rid of them. I usually
start off high profile by changing the meal timings—to show that the old order
will change for the better. It is easy to give someone a contract and a job
description in the company manual. Trouble is it leads to a lot of confused
people. Let everybody know right from the start, what is expected of them. Or
you get people doing the wrong things , and them telling you this is the way we
did at the last place we worked.

Adapt your style depending on the team member—there is no need to change your
spots or personality. I was once stuck with a stone deaf chief officer—after 5
months I realised that I had indeed changed my personality—speaking loud and
shrill was never my style. Think about what they need and what motivated
them—and adapt your management style too accordingly.

Every body in a team , no matter how lowly their position or rank has something
to offer. These are the ones at the cutting edge. Get their feedback and their
ideas. You might listen –that does not mean that you are going to act on every
one of their ideas.

In a team some have to be slowed down and others speeded up. Some will be good
in technology while others will be not. It is this difference which makes a team
superb. —vive la difference.

Meetings can be used to fuse a team. The leader must be firmly in control—there
can be no wishy washy democracies. Start meetings on time. Never go back over
stuff for late comers. Make meetings fun. Be flexible and allow people to be
themselves so that they contribute. The stuffy manager is frightened because he
feels insecure and seeks a rigid approach to prop up his lack of self
confidence. Managers who are secure in themselves do not need to score points or
bully or interfere. Steering a steady course needs small helm movements not
continuous hard a port hard a stbd movements—just to prove that you have the all
important con.

If any of your team wants to talk to you just because he is lonely and you seem
to have a fun image —don’t get uptight as long as he is not taking advantage of
this and you do not lose control

You will sleep well if you have a clean conscience. You have never stitched up
anybody or broken any laws. Your salary is not your driving force—your driving
force is your need to be the finest living legend at sea.

In any conversation the person who asks the questions has the control. Use
questions to control a meeting.

De Hiring is a key part of leadership. The general who keeps a core-coward in
his force is himself incompetent. The right attitude here means going that extra
mile, to brainwash and recover this poor soul even when you are pissed off.

Respect is the key determinant of high performance leadership. How much people
respect you determines how well they perform. Integrity is the most respected
quality of leadership. Always keep your word.

Make every goal clear specific , measurable and time bounded. Goals that are not
in writing are just wishes or fantasies.


Some DON’T’S

As a leader you must not be disruptive unless it is in an innovative way. Don’t
depend upon the predictions of others—make your own.

Don’t believe all these so called aptitude tests made by mediocre men—the kinds
which will declare that the Eskimo cannot adapt themselves to extreme Arctic
colds.

Blindness or fear of the new , causes leaders who are heavily invested in
yesterdays ideas, to miss the boat.

Don’t set the bar at an impossible high level . It ensures lack of fulfillment
and self worth.

Do not associate with those who are chronic complainers and conduct formal
organizational cynic clinics. Model and support positive behavior. Exhibits the
confidence and drive to inspire others.

Spend time building people up instead of tearing them down. Do not motivate
people by fear. Consistently be open and honest even when it hurts. Share your
fears.

Do not ill treat the bearer of bad news or shoot the messenger.

Do not use fear as the key. It causes some to lose focus on the new direction
and possibly dragging others down with them as in the example of a drowning
swimmer. Do not give untimely criticism.

Don’t let time bandits come to your desk and steal a major portion of your prime
time. Work is not composing emails or pushing your mouse. It is about doing
something and being productive and profitable.

Don’t expect people to abide by your corny rules if you do not clearly state
what they are. The fewer rules you have –the more happier you will be. When I go
home on leave I lock up all my rules in my suitcase, and keep it under the bed
–to be reopened only when setting off from home to join ship. Could this be the
reason why a super strong personality like yours truly did not have a single
fight with his wife for a quarter century of married life.

Never allow yourself to be scapegoated by companies who conveniently lose their
Jekyl to gain some Hyde. If they want a sucker let them find a less honourable
man who does not have the moral fibre-- if you build a reputation of honour ,
integrity and honesty, no rogue will ever approach you to cover up or cover up
for their fraudulent acts to make a few dollars more. It gets easier once you
have established a reputation for not covering up. Remember—a real friend will
never ask you to cover up for him and put yourself into danger of disgrace.

Make yourself the default setting for the honesty factor, the standard by which
others judge themselves. If you get sacked for caring for your own honour—so be
it. Hindsight says that 75% of all sackings are not because somebody did not do
his job—but because he did not fit into the rotten corporate culture. In such
petty , small minded cultures you may be a senior manager –but to get a pencil
from the stationary cupboard you have to speak nicely to the custodian of the
stationary cupboard.

For creative juices to flow , there are eureka environments, where the matrices
of disciplined thought are are already operating but not yet sufficiently
hardened to disrupt the dream like fluidity of imagination. Eureka moments in
the early morning shower—at the border line between sleep and full awakening .

Eureka moments require the right and left hemispheres of the brain to work
together. Neurophysiologists might propose the RH side of the brain—humanistic
psychologists offer the subconscious mind---mystics will identify the great
cosmic abyss . Good ideas need time to incubate , mature and grow.

Stress is usually associated with the less pleasant aspects of life. --Noise,
dirt, extreme temperatures , too tired , too depressed , chest congestion,
seasickness, bad smell induced nausea like on Sichem Pearl , loss of sleep/
appetite , inability to enjoy things one is used to, difficulty concentrating,
change of sleep patterns etc. Stress is the individuals perception and
assessment of the environment. One area which may be stressful for one need not
be so for another. Coping up with a difficult senior or junior can be stressful.
Not being relieved in time can be stressful. Lively and fun parties give welcome
relief from stress.

Like road rage , on my last ship Siteam explorer I discovered there is something
equivalent called computer rage. A slow computer or email system which hangs at
inopportune times can be stressful, --as it is beyond your control.

Choose the right words— your voice tone, intonation, volume , facial expression
, gesture , body language all play a part in the message you send. Unless all
these parts of the equation match , the message remains garbled. There is no
need to give lengthy explanations. Take ownership of your message by using the
word I,  not WE.

Actions of course speak louder than words. Adrenaline produces energy—it has to
be expended. Use force appropriate to the situation. Never fuel anger by adding
your own two pennies worth. Do not invade another’s personal space unless it is
imperative for common good.. While remembering the other persons rights never
neglect your own. Never be anybody’s punching bag. Influence without
manipulating. There is a difference between a positive constructive feedback and
destructive verbal attack. Giving criticism can be as stressful as receiving it.

Avoid using the threatening word “consequence”. Give negative feedback early—so
that the receiver need not dredge his memory. Allow the other person to
respond—and give him thinking time. Don’t stray from the subject when giving
negative feedback—lest you dilute it. End on a positive note .

An assertive leader have a positive self image. Spontaneous assertive self
expression is important in all instances if you have to avoid the adrenaline
rush induced F and F responses of seething , over reacting, withdrawal or
sulking.


You cant motivate people with logic. If you want to move them you must touch
their emotions. 5 emotions are love, pride, greed, guilt and fear.

The ability to focus attention on important things is a measure of intelligence.
Incorrect assumptions lie at the root of every failure. Delegate responsibility
only to those who have demonstrated an ability to handle it. A person who
suffers a incompetent employee is himself incompetent. Speed is an important
quality of leadership. Authority without love is stifling.

Stupid is forever, ignorance can be fixed. - Don Wood.

http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_tugjD0mUn6M/TO_pLez__0I/AAAAAAAAA0E/e220DlE-
A8o/s1600/imagesCAWPBNJA.jpg


TEAMWORK

A team takes on a life of its own and you have to regularly nurture and maintain
it.

Each member of the team is entitled to be interested in all aspects of the
operation. This is not cancelled out by the fact that he has special
responsibilities in a limited area, like the goal keeper in a soccer team. This
creates higher levels of job satisfaction and commitment plus higher levels of
trust and support.

Teamwork is the ability to work towards a common vision. Its is the forum for
the common man to attain uncommon results. Teams provide possibilities for
empowerment that are not available to individual employees. Teams can implement
complex plans and develop creative solutions to complex problems much better
than individuals.

A group in itself does not necessarily constitute a team. A team is a small
group of people with complementary and diversified skills committed to a common
purpose, where they use their strengths in full and can complement for each
others weakness..

In order to be a good team player one has to compromise.

Never constrain a team member to guess at something when you are ashore or
absent for some time—this is not good teamwork. Hostility among team members ,
missed signals, misunderstood decisions and low participation are symptoms that
signal a need for team building. Morale problems do not happen overnight and
they cannot be resolved overnight. Conflict resolution is not a stand alone
skill. Without this skill the team cannot bond. The team must perform as if they
owned the company themselves. The team members must know what is expected of
them.

Building effective team spirit requires leaders to be excited and even
passionate about what they do on a daily basis. It is the leaders job to provide
a positive and congenial climate .

Give your team members more control over their jobs.

A good team has flexibility and synergy and achieves more than the sum of its
parts. It is the job of the leader to identify issues that inhibit the team from
reaching their goals address those issues and remove the inhibitors.

The team leader must have people skills. Team members must know how to examine
team and individual errors and weaknesses without making personal attacks. The
leader must be able to identify jealousy, cynicism and defensive behavior. He
must build a feeling of solidarity and team spirit. He has to look out for the
cynical lone ranger who ignores others, and survives by being servile to the
immediate boss who writes his service report. Don’t excuse a badly behaving team
member. In a meeting if conflict gets terribly overheated—take a break and let
every one cool off.

Have you noticed how a good football manager like Alex Ferguson sits in the
stands , furiously chewing gum , watching team dynamics—the natural forces at
play and determine is they are acting for good. He will make interventions to
make the effect of those dynamics more positive. Coaching will be provided to
make up any skill deficiencies. He quickly determines the teams strength and
weaknesses and tailors new approaches. He provides feedback to correct
unproductive moves. A good basketball coach calls time out at key moments of the
game to give team members an opportunity to assess their play against the game
plan and as necessary refocus their thinking and energy for the next critical
period of time

Some people are just negative by nature. Don’t hesitate to confront such cynical
team destroyers and demand behavior change at once. Some people lack confidence
and view attacks on their opinions as a personal attack. A typical statement
would be “are you telling that my 20 years of experience does not matter?”

Team building cannot be a short term flavour of the months –like how the PSC
gives statements like –this month we will concentrate on GMDSS and next month on
crew accommodation hygiene.

Music orchestra bands are a clear example of how a team works. Poor performing
bands are inflexible, the musicians have petty differences, compete with each
other, stay in their comfort zones and expect the audience to accommodate their
jarring music.

Just plain old Harmony is not the goal of cross functional teamwork . False
consensus is undesirable where team members are afraid to express a contrary
point of view for fear it will destroy the positive feelings among team members.
An absence of overt conflict is often mistaken for teamwork. Conflict is natural
and desirable. Issues are attacked –not each other. If conflict is not visible ,
either the people are thinking alike or they have suppressed conflict. Both
situations are not helpful. Teams that suppress conflict lose effectiveness and
the conflict erupts into destructive ways. A good leader will not allow endless
debates on minor problems.

Team leaders must be fair, supportive and recognised by team members as one who
can make final judgements and work with the upper management .

The blue ocean leader is not afraid of taking the first step--as he is sure of
his own capabilities..He knows the importance of understanding another point of
view. He knows that progress has been made on this planet only through
disobedience and rebellion-- and that people with spirit , passion and courage
have always been sinister to the walking dead.  Strength of character and
courage of convictions is NEVER mistaken for poor attitude. He communicates in
the language of the people NOT in fuckin' latin. He revels in awakening creating
joy in creative expression. He is NOT stupid to mistake motion for effective
action. He knows that force can conquer and win battles, but its victories are
always short lived. He knows that a drive for consensus is always the first
refuge of the scoundrels. You dont convert men by silencing them. he knows when
he praises everybody he praises nobody.

The leader must give team members a large picture of how the overall project is
going— like how I insist on the common folder of the LAN computer to have a
running bar diagram for loading , discharging and tank cleaning . Well
functioning teams are involved in the setting of objectives with realistic time
frames. Roles are clearly defined and do not overlap. Emphasis must be on
solving problems and system corrections –not blaming the individual responsible
for the problem. There must be frequent performance related feed backs.

Conflict must be openly discussed so as to result in growth or learning. Members
must enjoy and respect each other . Most people hesitate to let down a
friend—psssst!--one of the reasons why I hold wild, hair down parties to see how
my crew polarizes.. In a shore office like EMS Spore I could see the way people
polarised by checking out who got let out of whose social invite or office email
humor. I remember I once started a chain of email humor just to check this out.

If the goals are foggy or too easy to achieve, the team will not be motivated to
make the extra effort that separates a high performance team from an ineffective
motley bunch. Goals provide a sense of direction to the team and should not be
impossible to achieve. They also must be measurable so that the progress can be
monitored.

When there is no synergy in the team, the people are passive. Their skills and
knowledge are not utilized and they waste their time. Any team must have just
enough hands to do the job and no more.

If bonuses and incentives are part of the reward system, they should be given to
teams performance—not individual performance. Team culture is destroyed by
racism, inappropriate race based pay systems , divide and rule overtime
policies, horrid working conditions and destructive comments from management. A
team cannot achieve its full potential if all that is allowed is logic or
information. Any team must focus on real work. When the team realizes that all
you are allowing them is to re-arrange the deck chairs on a passenger ship or
chip away rust from deck plates or keep a mere lookout, rather than helping to
run the ship—they lose interest.

Workplace teams are a means NOT an end. Teams are a means to do something
better, quicker, safer and cheaper. A cookbook approach cannot be taken to build
teams. Team members often tend to want to clone themselves and invite
participants “just like me”.

Be sensitive to friction. Nip it in the bud before it ends in a full scale war
with everybody taking sides. Let it be known that feuding wont be tolerated.
Reason with them. Don’t take sides—but take swift and resolute action. People
must be polite, friendly and kind in a workplace. People are entitled to
respect, civilised behaviour and dignity. Creating a good atmosphere is easy
when it comes from top down.

If you take sides then you are part of the argument and the disagreement. You as
a leader have to remain totally objective and in the middle. Being conciliatory
is like mother hen breaking up a fight between 2 of her chicks.. You just want
to restore peace. You will not spend inordinate time in finding out who pecked
whose ass first.

Your rules say that there can be no bullying, shouting, threatening ,
intimidation or victimisation in your team. This is abuse. You are allowed to
refuse abuse . If somebody is not doing his job he should be taken aside and his
mistakes pointed out calmly and rationally. There are the proverbial little
chick-licks on whose head an acorn fell and she thought that the sky fell
down—and she set off hoppety hop to tell the king—whipping up mass hysteria
along the way.

If the team comes to work looking to enjoy themselves, be stretched and
challenged then you can get the best out of them. It is the job of the leader to
get them emotionally involved , instill pride and make them care about what they
do.---that what they do makes a difference, rather than just line the owners
pockets. Getting your team to soar takes passion and determination. No one can
whistle a symphony—it takes an orchestra to play it. Be ready to prune dead
wood, straggly growth and tone deaf lousy flute players.

The force of a team like a typhoon takes time to grow—but once it is spinning,
it is a formidable thing indeed.

ENDING WITH HUMOUR

Laugh at yourself before others can laugh at you, then if they laugh at all,
they will laugh with you.

Humor is a language which we can use to creatively retrieve a lost position and
it is often more effective than pedestrian logic and self justification. Insight
can be gained through humour—to hit the mark in a way rational arguments don’t
achieve. Humor leaves a gap for you to fill in with your own interpretation. In
the world of humor and creativity there is no such thing as nonsense—at least
not in the generating ideas stage. When you want to make an imaginative
leap—nonsense is exactly what you want. In a meeting where every nods their
heads and say “yeah –makes sense”—remember there are probably a thousand people
doing it already. Most great innovations are initially regarded as weird,
because that is not part of thinking as usual.

A violin virtuoso believed he could play the violin so well that he could charm
all the savage wild beasts. He played for couple of weeks unharmed in the deep
Indian forests . One day he was eaten up by a starving tiger. All the other
animals approached the tiger and cried “why did you do that—he was playing such
divine music “. The tiger just cupped his ears and countered “what?”. Beware
–there are many such deaf people in this world—and there are also the types who
pretend to be deaf. Or they will pretend to sleep and expect you to wake them
up. You can be a genius , and the most valuable asset of your company --- there
are many who are not bright enough to acknowledge you ----or out of jealousy
will deliberately not acknowledge you.

There was this rude boss with the logo “do it now” poster in his cabin. Sure
enough, soon –his deputy ran away with his wife , his accountant ran away with
all his money and his trusted secretary informed the police about how he
embezzled and siphoned off company funds.

Playfulness or humor allows you to adopt a wider angle lens on the problem, to
see old in new ways. Humor is a trigger to free up the mind so that your
thinking gets less stuck. You are creating a new chemistry in your brain,
walking on roads less travelled.

Humor relaxed the narrowly focused mind to allow intuition to come in the fore
front. It is not a problem solving technique, but a different state of emotion.
Humor comes from the right side lobe of your brain where intuition also lies.

Contextual humour-- At the exit of a grave yard, engraved on a tombstone —“ I
told you I was ill “— never failed to make the saddest person smile.

Signature logos’ for agent provocateur

Efficiency consultant Sow a thought today Skill powered confidence Where team
culture rules If you are not having a good time you aint doin’ it right Seize
the moment Blaze that trail Make the most of now Where thinking triumphs Fire
your creative imagination Mind musician Stereotype mould buster Awaken your
enthusiasm Where terrain prevails over maps. Elegant solutions always Say YES to
NOW Vision with venture Commitment with conviction
********************************************************************************
AND THE WINNER IS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL TROPHY FOR THE BIGGEST CRIME ON THIS
PLANET  --









When my ship berthed at Ho Chi Minh city,  I did some research in a nearby
friendship village with the help of a workshop owner (who was an ex-colonel and
a honourable man ).

I learnt first hand about the crimes against humanity and the largest
environmental disaster to this planet , by the US government.

I got to see secret pictures of raped and devastated forests.

For some time I used to see nightmares of children in these pictures with cleft
lips, shredded skins with limbs curled up . There were some children like a ball
with NO human form , faces or brains. These deformed monsters were blind and
could make only inhuman sounds. Some had 4 toes on the mangled feet.

Dring the Vietnam war, from 1961 to 1971, the US military sprayed Vietnam with
Agent Orange, which contained large quantities of Dioxin, in order to defoliate
the trees for so called military objectives.

In his frustration of not being able to win this difficult war in  guerilla
friendly jungles ,using superior fire power , president JF Kennedy authorized
the CRIMINAL use of Agent Orange, made by Monsanto .

 ItwastobesprayedfromtheaironVietnamtoexterminatepeoplelikecockroachesandtodenud
 ethelandoffoodandricecrops.

JFK who initiated this “operation ranch hand “ may be burning in hell even as
you read this blog.

It was President Nixon who finally halted this bizarre war tactic.  In 1973,
President Richard Nixon promised $3.25 billion in reconstruction aid to Vietnam
"without any preconditions." That aid was never granted by the subsequent
governments.

 AndmindyousomeofthemhadsecuredNobelprizesforpeace.ThePopecouldNotcareless.(100c
 ommunistswhogotkilledinTinnamansquarewerehowevercanonizedassaintsbytheVatican—i
 tisameasureoftheirholiness).

Yet the soldiers who sprayed this chemical and was in indirect contact secured
1.52 billion per year for imaginary skin rashes , soft-tissue sarcomas and non-
Hodgkin’s lymphoma.

More than 5 million people were exposed to Agent Orange. The spraying covered
24.8 percent of the land area of Vietnam. It is estimated that a mind boggling
95000 tons of agent orange was sprayed by soldiers who had NIL conscience to
exterminate 3 million fellow humans.

And imagine Saddam Hussain is branded as the villain of this planet.

The process used in the manufacture of Agent Orange (a 50:50 combination of
2,4,5-trichlorophenoxyacetic acid and 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid)  created
extremely toxic by- products known as dioxins, which cause severe birth defects
and rare cancers in humans.

Britain used them successfully in the war against Communist insurgents in Malaya
in the 1950s.  US just followed suit, after a decade —as the Engish speakin’
white man’s legacy.

Agent Orange killed all humans, and fauna and it penetrated the waxy covering of
leaves to poison the entire plant. 25 percent of lush green Vietnam look like
the “no-man’s-land” of World War 3.

It will take 200 years to regenerate this land. The third generation victims are
still being poisoned by the fish in rivers and digoxins in mothers milk.




In the village of Cam Nghia every third pregnancy is aborted— and 1/8 of
whatever is born is a cripple or a monster.




Today hardly any American child knows what is Agent Orange, which is probably
the worst killer chemical and carcinogen known to man--

IF THIS AFFECTS YOUR CONSCIENCE--  SAVE A PRAYER FOR THESE UNFORTUNATE VICTIMS (
OF THE HONOURABLE AND GREAT AMERICAN HERO JFK , WHO ALSO INTRODUCED SEX TO THE
WHITE HOUSE )--


FIRST , IMAGINE YOUR OWN FUTURE GENERATIONS BORN THIS WAY -- LIKE MONSTERS --




















The video song " give peace a chance " by John Lennon, would have been a
timeless classic,  if he had included a couple of shots of above deformed child
monsters.

********************************************************************************
CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





CHARLES DARWIN AWARD --IS FOR THE BIGGEST MORON OF THE YEAR-

THEORY OF EVOLUTION NONSENSE

On 19th April 1882 when Charles Darwin died he was given a state funeral and
buried in West minister Abbey nearby Isaac Newton.



Excellent bed mates they make , I should say tongue in cheek. For both had taken
this planet for a royal ride.


Darwin used Galapagos Islands and Patagonia , pretty much the same way Newton
used the apple, to baffle the common man .






Hey -- did you ever visit these dang islands?  Has a blessed apple ever fallen
on your head?    then just shut up !!














DUH!


This planet has suffered due to these two gentlemen.





It is absurd that in the quantum DNA age , all schools still teach Darwin's
theory in school science books.





Funny amazing diagrams of make believe missing link creatures--with NOT a single
fossil among millions excavated to prove it.


Common ancestry, branching pattern of evolution, natural selection, mutations--
BLAH BLAH.





Even a moron knows that survival is NOT of the "fittest" -- but of the most
"adaptable to change".





Even a child in a third world country knows of the intelligent design by DNA --
and he/she makes fun of the Darwin chapter in his science book.



In the Vedas of 5000 BC we have the Hiranygarba explaining the beginnings of
life. The seers explained the indestructible double helix genetic code, which
originate from Shiva. The intertwined snakes ( having sex ) are represented by
this in our Shiva temples --the DNA double helix, base structure. .






In fact Darwin did NOT dare to publish his bullshit for 20 years -- only when he
heard that another competitor naturalist Alfred Wallace was about to beat him to
it and say the same thing-- he published his book in haste.





And we are still clinging on to this obsolete book " Origin of species " --
after 1.5 centuries.





His grades were so poor that his father removed him from school .  His father ,
a wealthy society doctor and a free mason , wanted him to be a doctor, but young
Charles would feel nauseated at the sight of body fluids.



He then went to study theology in preparation for priesthood.  He befriended a
botanist by the name of JS Henslow who gave him a chance to take a 5 year cruise
on the ship THE BEAGLE— and then -- voila--  he declares himself as a naturalist

--- how convenient!



The Captain of Beagle Fitzroy had remarked that Darwin went ashore for long
periods at every opportunity , more to have his feet on terra firma.

He used to get terribly seasick even in moderate seas , and the small ship
Beagle used to roll and pitch badly .

IN BETWEEN ALL THIS VOMITTING SPELLS HE GOT SPONTANEOUS DIVINE KNOWLEDGE--
RIGHT?








Out of the 5 long years he was supposed to be on board, he was actually on the
ship only for 16.5 months. He had to keep himself occupied while the ship took
off leaving him alone , with a couple of sailors to keep an eye on him. His sea
sickness bouts while on ship, had made him irrational.

 

He was left on Patagonia to recover , as once he vomitted for 27 consecutive
days, as per the medical log of Capt Fitzroy.








Darwin loved Galapagos, as the seas around the coast was calmer. .
       
He wrote 1/4 million words about this collection, by June 18th 1858-- do you
have an idea what 250000 words mean?.  OCD at its highest! After his sea sojourn
on The Beagle,  Darwin dazzled and baffled Britain with his sacks of goodies--
containing --hold your breath--  5436 pathetic items. Literally the collections
of a paranoid man

Parrot fish in spirit, pigeon skins, dried beatles, stuffed armadillos, sloth
fossils, coral fragments, parched mosses, litchens, dead finches , live mocking
birds, even barnacles-- and all his Free Mason friends cried WOW!  You name it ,
he produced it from his goodie bag!!



The goodies were enough for him to get admission to exclusive scientific
societies and rub shoulders with eminent scientists -- as the ultimate
naturalist--as planned by his Free Mason sponsors!
        

                                




I can bet that in another decade, Charles Darwin and his theory will be removed
from science curriculum of all schools and colleges.



Is his theory , science by any stretch of imagination?


Where thief Darwin gets caught with his pants down is when he wrote that
elephants pass the mirror test , without conducting such a test on a elephant
himself. It is written in our Vedic records of 5000 BC about the double slit
experiment consciousness of elephants, and how they recognise the mirror image.
This is reason why elephants are seen in all Hindu temples.



Read more about quantum DNA in my blog " DNA NASA Arsenic Phosphorus - Vadakayil
" ( put it in google search ).


Another pretender like Darwin was Max Mueller who claimed to have translated
Indian vedas from Sanskrit to English , when he did not understand Sanskrit at
all. He had a group of Indian Pandits working secretly for him. He put Rig Veda
in 1500 BC ( on orders from Vatican via Macaulay ) , while actually it was
written in 5000 BC. The Vedic civilization flourished on the banks of river
Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC, when suddenly the river dried up due to
tectonic plate shift blocking the Himalayan glacial mouth, making the river non-
perennial and rain dependant.




Here is something for Darwin fans to chew on. There is an enzyme in our body
called DNA polymerase. It is an accurate enzyme and guardian keeper of our
genetic information. It syntheses strands and does DNA repair too.

Evolution in life is based on DNA mutations. If cells could reproduce DNA and
shield it from damage in a foolproof manner, our planet would be still covered
by a thin layer of protocells.  It is the occasional mutation which adds
diversity to life.

This can cause cancer too, as occasionally a key protein is modified-- if our
cells cannot control mutation. To see some fancy pictures punch into google
search AGENT ORANGE ,THE BIGGEST CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY ,VADAKAYIL.




"Why do Darwinists claim that intelligent design is untestable, and
"simultaneously claim that it is wrong? -- Michael Egnor, neurosurgeon, February
"5th 2009

First of all, I love science. I think that the way that Darwinism corrupts the
evidence, distorts the evidence, is bad for science." -- Jonathan C. Wells,
molecular biologist, 2008


"[Darwinism is] a kind of amusing 19th century collection of anecdotes that is
"[utterly unlike anything we see in the serious sciences. ... Yeah, biologists
"[do agree that this is the correct theory for the origin and diversification of
"[life, but here are some points you should consider as well: 1) the theory
"[doesn't have any substance, 2) it's preposterous, 3) it's not supported by the
"[evidence and 4) the fact that the biologists are uniformly in agreement about
"[this issue could as well be explained by some solid Marxist interpretation of
"[their economic interests." -- David Berlinski, author, 2008

"In the fabric of space and in the nature of matter, as in a great work of art,
"there is, written small, the artist's signature. -- Carl E. Sagan, professor,
"1985

"Darwinism is not a testable scientific theory, but a metaphysical research
"programme. -- Karl Popper, Philosopher 1976.





Probabilities that DNA could evolve by 'random mutation' are so minute as to be
utterly laughable–akin to the idea that if you have enough monkeys tapping away
on typewriters, one of them will eventually produce a complete masterpiece
Shakespearean play.”—David Wilcock _ Scientist, Psychic


               
   



Charles Darwin’s entire family were Free Masons , starting off with his
grandfather Dr. Erasmus Darwin.  Charles married his cousin from Wedgewood
Rothschild style.  All his friends were Freemasons too.


It has always been the wish of the Rothschild family to portray the John Galt
method of Atlas Shrugged—about natural selection and HOW IT IS NATURAL FOR THE
STRONG TO RULE OVER THE WEAK.—or why the fit must rule over the unfit.

The poor could be sent to the gallows or sold as slaves, just for cutting a tree
for firewood, or getting branded as a petty thief , for of a slice of bread for
his starving children..

It was about eliminating God from the equation, and making society accept a
slave master system. For being successful he was buried in Westminster Abbey
along with the kings.

This is why public debate on Darwinism is prohibited.


Darwinists do NOT want to discuss DNA, nor do they know anything about it..
 
Charles Darwin was nothing more than a bitter racist. In his﻿ book published in
1871, "Descent of Man", he is quoted as saying, "Civilized man shouldn't allow
the inferior populations to breed like animals".



Consider this amazing fact.  The ancient Vedic Maharishis as far back as 8000
years old, knew of the degeneration of the Y chromosome of the human DNA.   In
India marriage between same gotras ( lineage ) is banned. Honor killings take
place in India with a rigid Khap village justice system.

The Gotra system was designed to track down the root Y Chromosome of a person .
The ancient Vedic Rishis had observed the degeneration of the Y Chromosome and
they wanted to maintain as many individual healthy unique Y Chromosome lineages
as possible. That would give a fair chance for males to continue to exist
because Y Chromosomes get passed on over generations with almost negligible
change in their genetic combinations, as they do not take part in mix and match
with other Chromosome.

Men have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome while women have two X
chromosomes. DNA swapping happens between a pair of chromosomes, and since the Y
chromosome doesn't have a pair, it can't swap DNA. So patterns stick around for
a long time

WHICH IS THE GREATEST ROTHSCHILD HOAX ON THIS PLANET?

It is about his attempt to delete God !!

-- for Jewish created Communism says , there aint NO God!!!

To prove that Free Mason Charles Darwin is right that god did NOT create man,
false evidence had to be created , exported , imported and manufactured about
human evolution( sic!).

It was necessary to find Darwin’s missing link between ape and man— and baffle
the spiritual world..

Enter EVIL pseudo jesuit father Tielhard de Chardin.



This man was a fake Christian padre, and a stooge of Rothschild.

He was a trained Geologist and he scouted all over China looking for the missing
link — but actually secretly charting China’s abundant reserves of minerals and
natural resources for Rothschild to grab.

Can you imagine what I am talking about here?

A FAKE Peking man and a Piltdown man --as  “missing Darwin links” was
manufactured to fool the world.



Father Tielhard de Chardin would first find the Piltdown Man — the missing link
from a gravel pit at Piltdown, East Sussex, England in 1912.

This immoral man fooled the world with  a  super paleoanthropological hoax.

 ThePiltdownmanskullwasconstructedwiththelowerjawboneofanorangutanwithfileddownt
 eeth,deliberatelycombinedwiththeskullofafullydevelopedmodernhuman.Hefakedtheapp
 earanceofagebystainingtheboneswithanironsolutionandchromicacid.

The Piltdown man was to represent an evolutionary missing link between apes and
humans, since the combination of a human-like cranium with an ape-like jaw
tended to support the notion then prevailing in the West  that human evolution
began with the brain.

He would also fool the whole Western world with great funda on Consciousness,
Spirit, Mind over Matter etc—all lifted from the Hindu Vedas and Upanishads,
without any understanding.

In December 1929, in a cave near Peking,  our Jesuit priest Pierre Teilhard de
Chardin would uncover a prehuman bones -- again.

The Rothschild monopolized media sang the praises of this fake discovery ,
Peking Man and  acclaimed this as the missing link between erect hunting apes
and our Cro-Magnon ancestors.




“Peking Man,”was a just a pathetic  and crude use of monkey bones he had
“modified to look human”.

-- yeah- everything evolved by science, the way Freemason Charles Darwin said,
-- with lot of missing links ( using crazy glue or LOCTITE ) between monkey and
-- man lying around.



Pierre Teilhard de Chardin spent the years 1923-1946 in China.  Rothschild has
provided him with a fleet of French cars.

Peking Man was “discovered” (sic!)  in China, in the 1920s.   The fossils, found
about 25 miles from Peking (Beijing), consisted mostly of skull fragments and
few teeth, with even fewer limb bones.

All of the original bones were mysteriously "lost" between 1941 and 1945— may be
our Frenchman shoved all of them up his a$$.

But hey, our fraudman man Teilhard cleverly made some duplicate casts which
Rothschild’s media claimed was made from the original.

The truth surrounding Peking Man was kept from the public, while Rothschild
controlled evolutionists acclaimed it as a "missing link."

Teilhard participated in the 1935 Yale–Cambridge expedition in northern and
central India with the geologist Helmut de Terra and Patterson— and this was the
time he gathered material for his “original” consciousness discoveries and his
weird and stupid proses on Christ Omega, who was “beyond Christianity  -- ze
Universal Christ.

He really murdered the Hindu advaita concept of BrahmAn, the morphogenetic
field— as he did NOT have the perception to understand it.

Pierre Teilhard de Chardin died in New York City on March 15, 1955, at the age
of 73, after a heart attack.

The Rothschild controlled media like New York Times in March 19, 1937 presented
Teilhard as the Jesuit who held that man descended from monkeys.

Was the Pope sleeping ?

Then in 1947 Vatican suddenly woke up.  The Pope forbade Teilhard to write or
teach on philosophical subjects.

The Supreme Authority of the Holy Office, in a decree dated 15 November 1957,
forbade the works of de Chardin to be retained in libraries, including those of
religious institutes. His books were not to be sold in Catholic bookshops and
were not to be translated in other languages.

A decree of the Holy Office dated 30 June 1963, under the authority of Pope John
XXIII warned that “. . . it is obvious that in philosophical and theological
matters, the said works (de Chardin’s) are replete with ambiguities or rather
with serious errors which offend Catholic doctrine.


The Vicariate of Rome (a diocese ruled in the name of Pope Paul VI by his
Cardinal Vicar) in a decree dated 30 September 1963 , required that Catholic
booksellers in Rome should withdraw from circulation the works of de Chardin,
together with those books which favour his erroneous doctrines.
********************************************************************************
SUDDEN , BY OLIVER STRANGE --- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


  

English novel readers of this world in the 20th century can be classified as
two—the ones who have read Sudden western cowboy books and the ones who have
not.

Oliver Strange produced one of the best Western series ever when he created the
character 'Sudden'.

In all, 15 books were written, 10 by Oliver Strange ( Sudden - Outlawed, Sudden,
The Marshal of Lawless,  Sudden plays a hand, Sudden - Goldseeker, Sudden makes
war,  Sudden rides again, Sudden takes the trail,  The Range Robbers,  The Law
o'the Lariat)--

--   and 5 by Frederick H. Christian ( Sudden strikes back,  Sudden -
--   Troubleshooter,  Sudden at bay,  Sudden - Apache fighter,  Sudden - dead or
--   alive ).

Our school library had all the 15 Sudden series books.

I started off with the first in the series “ The range robbers” written by
Oliver Strange in 1930 and soon raced to book no 10 , “Sudden plays a hand”
written in 1950 just before he died.  Once I started reading I could not stop.

The 11th book  “Sudden strikes back” , made me wonder— am I reading the same
author? For it just did not hold the magic of the previous 10.


The sharp one liners, laconic wit, conversation and description did not
captivate and had the false jarrin' ring of a duplicate . It was a huge
disappointment.

It was my class mate who told me that books 11 to 15 are written by another man
Frederick H Christian—16 years after Oliver Strange’s last book.



The books are centred around a gunfighter James Green in the American wild west,
who is in search of two men who cheated his foster father. Jim the young man
promises his dying father that he will find the two and take sweet revenge.

These 10 classic books are unparalleled in western fiction.


Oliver Strange was an Engishman who had never seen the wild west-- yet he had
imagination, I must say.



James Green earned his nickname by his lightning fast gun draw and his accuracy
in a deadly gunfight.

He wore two guns tied low , and they were no ornaments. He rode a swift horse as
black as night, his only companion.  Wherever he went his reputation preceded
him.

Sudden was a name which makes even strong men flinch when his eyes met theirs
... a lonely man with a dangerous mission.

He had his own signature , cleaning dusty wild towns off varmints and sidewinder
scum,  checking out gold drives,  punishing crooked town marshals and landowners
, fighting range wars for peace lovin' ranchers and doing with ease, impossible
cattle drives.



Sudden was cool, cocky, sober, chivalrous, considerate, brave, strong —and shot
from his hips with amazing accuracy.





There were a lot of crazy gun slingers after him, just to prove that they could
be as quick, or they were in the same league.

He was ze gunfighter's gunfighter.



There can never be another Sudden.


Nor, can there ever be an Oliver Strange with such unique flair for writing
Western novels.


PS:  I never though Sudden type of shooting was possible , till i saw a
programme on Discovery Channel.  A middle aged obese yank with a beer belly ,
dressed up like a cowboy-- pasted every target with a hole in the dead centre.
They thew coins in the air and he pasted them too! ( slow motion cameras
whirring ) -- and the best part was, he was modest about the whole dang thing!!
********************************************************************************
WINSTON CHURCHILL , THE UNKNOWN SIDE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



YOU DON'T NEED TO BE A BODY LANGUAGE  EXPERT OR A GIFTED FACE READER TO FIGURE
OUT THAT THE FACE ABOVE DOES NOT BELONG TO A KIND AND GRACEFUL HUMAN BEING.


It belongs to a mean, sarcastic , belligerent and overbearing man, who had
delusions of his own grandeur. He was a spendthift and a gambler.


He came up like a meteor  in life NOT because of merit, but because of his
mothers connections with the fabulously rich opium runners Rothschild family.





Rothschild family had the controlling interest in British East India Company who
did the Opium trade with China.  Most of the leading Boston rich families were
junior partners in the drug trade to America.





Above picture shows Churchill with James de Rothschild in 1921 at Jerusalem. It
is well known that Churchill's mother was Jewish.


Punch in DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY VADAKAYIL in google search to read
more of the long held secret.



When Mahatma Gandhi launched his campaign of peaceful resistance, Churchill
raged and ranted --" He ought to be lain bound hand and foot at the gates of
Delhi, and then trampled on by an enormous elephant with the new Viceroy seated
on its back."


In 1930 he famously said " It is nauseating to see Mr. Gandhi, a seditious
middle temple lawyer, now posing as a fakir of a type well known in the east,
striding half-naked up the steps of the viceregal palace, to parley on equal
terms with the representative of the king-emperor."

He was fond of saying "I hate Indians. They are a beastly people with a beastly
religion."


( Churchill's country emerged from beneath the quarternary ice age in 9500 BC.
( The Indian Vedic civilization which flourised on the banks of the river
( Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC is the mother of all civilizations and is
( the oldest in the world.   Emperor Vikramaditya ruled from Jerusalem to Urals
( to Cambodia in 7000 BC, he gave and never took ) much bigger empire that
( Queen's 19th century Commonwealth . In 7000 BC when the white man was in dark
( damp caves, doing grunt grunt --the Vedic Indian Manu gave this planet its
( first written laws in Sanskrit. ---   Max Mueller and Macaulay
( notwithstanding! )

Winston Churchill favoured letting Gandhi die whenever  he went on hunger strike
in British jails. Winston Churchill loathed Gandhi. Gandhi  loathed none.

Churchill opposed Indian independence. When Lord Irwin urged him to bring his
views on India up-to- date by talking to some Indians Churchill replied "I am
quite satisfied with my views on India, and I don't want them disturbed by any
bloody Indians."  So much for democracy.

Mahatma Gandhi a 'bad man who should have been done away with' he reportedly
told Field Marshall Jan Smuts of South Africa, "You are responsible for all our
troubles in India.  You had Gandhi for years and did not do away with him."
Smuts replied, "When I put him in prison three times, all Gandhi did was make me
a pair of bedroom slippers."

In 1943 when famine broke out due to deliberate stravation as retribution
against Subhash Bose's INA, and 5.2 million starving people died on the streets
in India, Churchill happily mocked  “ Serves them right for breeding like bloody
rabbits”.




He refused to consider sending shipments of food to India, astonishing and
stunning the British parliament.  He wished Arthur Harris, the head of British
bomber command, could “send some of his surplus bombers to destroy the foul
race”


What else could you expect from a racist of the first order who said  in 1937 to
the Royal commission “I do not admit… that a great wrong has been done to the
Red Indians of America, or the black people of Australia… by the fact that a
stronger race, a higher grade race… has come in and taken its place.”


He went one step further to write as president of the Air council “I do not
understand the squeamishness about the use of gas. I am strongly in favour of
using poisonous gas against uncivilised tribes” .


The English speaking man could sit on half the world ( entire Commonweath
countries including India ), they could starve the American Red Indians and
Australian Aborginees to extinction . But when Hitler annexed the German
speaking Austria , the Japs annexed Chinese Manchuria and the Italians annexed
Ethiopia, his gargantuan belly rumbled!  How sensitive!


He would take his first whisky and soda soon after breakfast. For the rest of
the day the tumbler was never empty . He used to be drunk throughout the day.

President Roosevelt and level headed Ike ( US Commander of Allied forces ) found
him to be mean , unpredictable, unstable and aggressive, They  tried to stop his
heavy drinking and complained to King George .

King George V tried to set a personal example by giving up alcohol.  Churchill
declared the whole idea absurd and announced he would not be giving up drink
just because his King had.


He wanted his countrymen to sacrifice their lives, but he could not sacrifice
half his whisky.  But by his own admission he curtailed his expensive and huge
cigars to --hold your breath-- 15 cigars a day.





Cocky and blunt General Patton would have done Ike’s job, but for the fact that
he was politically incorrect and would have chewed up poor Churchill in public.

Churchill loved to say “ I have taken more out of alcohol, than alcohol has
taken out of me “ and then look around for any supporting faces. He boasted that
only Stalin could hold alcohol like him.

Churchill said to Bessy Braddock, a labour MP for part of Liverpool,  'Mrs.
Braddock, you are ugly!' She replied, 'Mr. Churchill, you are drunk!' To which
Churchill replied, 'That's true, Mrs. Braddock, but in the morning I'll be
sober.'




All above from a terribly fat and grotesque looking man , who would look
repulsive in a swimming costume.--all of sickly white lard and blue veins.


His delusions of his own handsome self, made him call pretty young British
secretaries, for dictation while he was sitting inside his bath tub , and
insufficiently dressed in his bedroom. Couple of these girls had complained, but
was hushed up due to the tense war situation, when a scandal , was least needed.

Churchill made sure only his quotable parts of his extravagant rhetoric were
printed — using his wartime powers to reign in and tame the media. He had
experts to sift though his endless blabber and print only polished gems.  Any
remarks about his rhetoric would be termed as malicious during the war effort.



Churchill admitted he relied on alcohol. He always had a glass of whisky by him,
and he drank brandy and champagne both at lunchtime and dinner.  He never missed
having a bottle of champagne for lunch and very often had another one for
dinner.

His aide had written  “ After his regular afternoon nap he would have two or
three glasses of iced whisky and soda before dinner, at which he always had
champagne, followed by several doses of brandy ; this would be followed by
several whisky and sodas as the night wore on”

When Churchill travelled to the US during Prohibition, he obtained a doctor's
note to certify that regular consumption of alcoholic spirits was necessary to
his health. Churchill's heavy drinking pissed off President Roosevelt who
complained that Sir Winston was drunk all the time.

He is on record as having once drunk 11 of these during a single meal and then
boasting about it. He insisted than Europeans loved leaders who could hold their
liquor.

On the 2 April, 1940 he was too drunk to finish a speech in the Commons and had
to be led away.

He was known to be a manic depressive. The diaries of Winston Churchill reveal
that he spent many long evenings taking heroin in rectal suppositories, as self
medication. He was prescribed Laudanum for his bipolar disorder-- to prevent him
going off on tangent, during the war .
     
In 2006, a British mental health charity defended a statue it commissioned of
Churchill in a straitjacket, after the statue sparked an outcry. ( Wasim Akram
comes on almost all blood diabetes ads in India )

Some nationalists were outraged by the attempt to link Winston Churchill and
manic depression (bipolar disorder)


On the back foot the Charity clarified   "The message we want to portray is that
it is possible to recover from mental illness and overcome it and be successful
- because Churchill is an example of someone who was able to do that."

Winston Churchill is that he was a menace to liberty, and a disaster for Western
Civilization itself. Churchill was above all a man who craved power, and a man
who craves power, craves opportunity to advance himself no matter what the cost.
No wonder after the war he was royally ignored by his own countrymen.

When Churchill entered politics, many took note of his unique rhetorical
talents, which gave him power over men, but it also was his own undoing . During
WWII, an intelligent  Robert Menzies, the Prime Minister of Australia, noted of
Churchill "His real tyrant is the glittering phrase so attractive to his mind
that awkward but true facts have to give way."

The great English classical liberal John Morley, after working with Churchill,
passed a succinct appraisal of him, "Winston," he said, "has no principles."

Historians know that Churchill fanned the flames which started both world wars.
His bulldog tactics made his opponents more resolute. But for the level headed
Ike , things would have taken a VERY ugly turn.

In 1911, Churchill became First Lord of the Admiralty, and, during the crises
that followed, used every opportunity to fan the flames of war. When the final
crisis came, in 1914, Churchill was all smiles and was the only cabinet member
who backed war from the start. Asquith, his own Prime Minister, wrote: "Winston
very bellicose and demanding immediate mobilization . . . has got all his war
paint on."

Churchill's greatest war crimes involved the terror bombing of German cities
that killed 600,000 civilians and left some 800,000 injured.  Churchill brazenly
lied to the House of Commons and the public, claiming that only military and
industrial installations were targeted.

Churchill supported the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, which resulted
in the deaths of another 200,000 civilians. When Truman fabricated the myth of
the "500,000 American lives saved" to justify his mass murder, Churchill felt
the need to top his lie:   the atomic bombings had saved 1,200,000 lives,
including 1,000,000 Americans.  It was all just another of Churchill's
delusions.

Yet, after all this slaughter, Churchill would write: "The goal of World War II
was to revive the status of man."

Churchill was an English chauvinist and  loathed the so-called "dirty whites,"
the French, Italians and other Latin’s, and Slavs like the Serbs, Poles,
Russians, etc...

In retribution for the assassination of Reinhard Heydrich, Churchill ''suggested
wiping out German villages (three for one) by air attack’, proposing that one
hundred bombers would be required to drop incendiaries from low levels in bright
moonlight on three unprotected German villages, with the reason announced
afterwards.

On that occasion the horrified British Cabinet promptly blocked him, and the
prime minister acquiesced ''I submit (unwillingly) to the view of the Cabinet
against.’

It is a stroke of luck that World war 2 ended without exterminating this planet.
Ike ( General Eisenhower ) in consultation with US president Roosevelt overruled
many of Churchill's aggressive and drunken demands. The last one was about
Churchill insisting that US soldiers take Berlin, instead of Russia. Ike just
ignored his demands , and proved himself right when Russia, lost 400000 soldiers
in this attempt.

Well nothing is impossible for a drunken man who does NOT have to do anything
himself-- right Winston?.


HE MADE SURE THAT HE WAS NEVER PHOTOGRAPHED DRINKING--  HE WAS RATHER PROUD TO
FLAUNT HIS CIGAR .

US president George Bush recited Churchill's famous retort that "History will be
kind to me, for I intend to write it”. The flower children ( hippies ) of the
sixties made sure that history cannot be monopolised by big brother Free Masons
or peer reviewed History magazines, over cigars and brandy -- such is the power
and reach of the information super highway afforded by Google and Internet..



He did NOT deserve the Nobel prize for Literature.  He might have been a good
orator though!


The allies won the war because of the brilliance of Montgomery, tenacity of
Patton and the levelheaded  leadership of Ike--  Churchill is the guy who threw
a dart , put circles around it and said --see how well i threw.!!.


The future will NOT be kind to 3 in 1 British darling Churchill ( racist,
alcoholic , drug user and manic depressive )  -- never mind his die hard fans--
like how American darling  Edison has been disgraced in this free information
superhighway Internet age.


Churchill used to distill his own booze at home ( imagining the worst case
scenario ) as a hobby in the wartime.  He even wanted Canada to make his
favourite booze--just in case.

On my chemical tankers , company does not allow even a can of mild beer, as a
zero tolerance alcohol policy.

Churchill needed the blood rush of war as much as the shark needed salt water
past its gills, he was openly exultant of war. In his childhood he was neglected
by his parents. And to add to his misery he had to survive the taunts of his
father dying of syphilis. And the fact that he was born prematurely inside a
toilet, when his mother went into labour, in the middle of a dance at Blenheim
palace. His speeches where he called world war 2 , DELICIOUS,  has all been
censored and deleted from history.

Today , memories are short after a victory, and everybody in Britain calls
Churchill a hero.

When Singapore capitulated to the Japs, though they had fantastic 100000 men at
a 4:1 advantage, it was Churchill's fault. He expected his British Generals to
match his extravagant drunken rhetoric. His lack of respect for the common
British soldiers life and their families, caused a plunge in morale..

Lieutenant- General Henry Pownall had described the Cabinet as 'a bunch of
gangsters' and Churchill and his crony Lord Beaverbrook, as being mean and
nasty, with no compassion.

Thank god for the Russians and the Americans!





The first thing President Obama did after he came to White House Oval office ,
was to throw out the bronze bust of Churchill. His grandfather Hussain Onyango
was tortured in Kenya's Mau Mau rebellion, during Churchill's tenure. His wife
Sarah has seen the white jailors squeezing his testicles with metallic rods.


Here is a self experiment:  Tomorrow , drink 8 pegs of whisky, smoke 20 cigars,
have opium in alcohol thrice, have champagne and brandy twice, have a strong
Heroin laced Suppository up your asshole, and see how insensitive you can get. (
Despite all this knee buckin' load I don't think you will try to walk in front
of your neighbours 18 year old daughter with your pecker playing peek a boo
through your pyjama front )

To read the next shocking and sordid part, punch into Google search WINSTON
CHURCHILL HERO OR HENCHMAN- VADAKAYIL.




 


The king maker in England for Winston Churchill and for every American president
from Wilson to Eisenhover ( Ike ) was Bernard Baruch, the billionaire Zionist
Jewish Financier, who was Rothchild’s agent in USA and also a Rothschild
bloodline clone.


Hitler desperate to stop a war, offered to resign. This fell on the deaf ears of
Zionist Jews Churchill , Roosevelt, and General Eisenhover who were under
Rothschild's control. Hitler in a last ditch attempt sent his No 2 man Rudolf
Hess on a solo flight to Scotland , to broker peace. Churchill promptly arrested
him as soon as he parachuted down and declared him MAD-- and millions of lives
were lost in WW2. Of course the war created Israel and today Rothschild has 300
Trillion dollars and controls this planet.
