*******************************************************************************
 Nuclear Deal should be scrapped forthwith
by Leo Rebello 	on 20 Jul 2008 	0 Comment 	
	

Allegations of Rs.25 crores for buying each political horse notwithstanding, it
seems almost certain that when the special session of Parliament begins on 22
July 2008, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his government will be ousted,
owing to the ignominy attached to the clandestine nature of nuclear deal with
USA, which Mr. Prakash Karat has rightly fittingly dubbed as: ‘Congress ka
haath, USA ke saath’. This would be good riddance. A nation of one billion proud
Indians cannot be taken for a ride due to the machinations of the business lobby
and their controlled media.

The nuclear deal, over which the Left is shouting hoarse while the politically
agile Dr. Amar Singh tries to shore up a dilapidated Congress, should be
scrapped forthwith. India needs electricity for its citizens, not nuclear power.
We must dispassionately examine why the nuclear deal is not good for India and
the world; sadly, so far the debate has been one-dimensional.

Confidentiality: On the one hand, the Government is going ga-ga over bringing in
the Right to Information Act to help citizens expose corrupt officialdom. On the
hand, truth is dangerously concealed, even from people’s representatives in
Parliament, on the issue of the N-deal, which will affect Indians for
generations to come. A bogus agreement promising illusory energy security, the
deal will prove to be the death-knell to our sovereignty, non-aligned movement,
SAARC progressing into Asian Economic Council, and all that we have built over
the years.

Context: Dr. A.N. Prasad, former director of the Bhabha Atomic Research Council
(BARC), hit the nail on the head when he pointed out that all talk regarding
“uninterrupted fuel supplies” and “corrective measures” if they fail, are
mentioned only in the preamble references of the text, and do not form part of
the operative portion of the agreement. In other words, they are meaningless in
reality. A preamble is only an expression of pious intent. When it comes to
legal niceties, it is the operative part of the agreement that counts. And here,
Prasad points out: “There is no exit clause.” This means India can never walk
away from the clutches of America. Prasad adds that the “corrective measures”
seem limited going from one source of fuel to another, this is absurd since the
Nuclear Suppliers Group functions as a cartel: “all for one and one for all”.
That means there are NO corrective measures at all.

The Lobby: American Nuclear Energy plant manufacturers have a strong and rich
lobby, which is the verge of extinction as it has had no market for the last 20
years. Hence India is being cajoled; if India succumbs, it may spur more demand
from other countries, raise the lobby from imminent extinction to thriving
business. It is pertinent that once the obsolete nuclear plants are sold to
India and the US companies enriched, they will hide behind the Hyde Act. This
means the thorium-cycle based technology independently developed by Indian
scientists would be abandoned due to change in the power-cycle and under one or
the other pretext, much like the manipulation of oil prices. America will also
increase the costs and further increase India’s debt burden.

Thorium v/s Uranium: Energy experts know America lacks thorium-cycle technology,
and is adamant that India not only gives them these secrets, but that India does
not make any further progress in its independent technological areas. USA is
trying to kill many birds with one stone. Sadly, the Indian establishment
comprising major political parties and pro-US media are hiding these facts from
the Indian people.

Control: The Hyde Act will exert control over India’s scientific progress;
undermine India’s foreign policy by forcing India to indirectly support USA
against Iran; reduce India to an unwilling partner in the likely attack on Iran,
and thereby unleash Islamic fury against us. Far from emerging a strong nation
by 2020, India would be reduced to play second fiddle to America by stunting our
growth and international profile.

Destabilise: Once the N-deal agreement is formalised, the sinister CIA and FBI
will seek a free run in India. America will seek military bases in India, and
the world knows that once America occupies a space, it hardly ever leaves,
witness the situation in Japan, the Philippines, Somalia, South Korea, et al.

Technology transfer: We don't need uranium; we don’t need bombs; we don’t need
123 agreement. India’s energy output can be doubled by using technology to raise
the current efficiency of 50% in production to 95%.

Alternative technologies and Self-sufficiency: There are small Hydel,
Wind-Energy, Sea-back-water Energy, Solar Energy, and other indigenously
developed technologies waiting to be deployed to make India self-sufficient in
energy sector. There is simply no need to turn towards discarded, unsafe nuclear
energy. With adequate investments, alternative technologies will become the main
technologies in less than 10 years.

Ram-Setu: We have enough raw material on our southern sea-banks, mixed with sand
and vast reserves of thorium. In fact, the Ram-setu conspiracy should be viewed
in this light, or this rich resource will be lost forever due to greed,
ignorance or connivance of a few puny leaders, who rather than helping the
country progress, further American interests.

Accidents: Nuclear Energy is neither clean, nor cheap, nor safe as is made out.
Nuclear Plants are very costly and dangerous - Chernobyl, 3-Mile and Japanese
nuclear accidents, for instance.

N-utilization: India’s current nuclear energy capacity utilization is less than
30%, yet we are going for additional nuclear plants which will take minimum
seven years to start producing nuclear energy. Nuclear plants process uranium
and plutonium, which are used to produce bombs. India has enough uranium, which
could last another 50 years. An unstated aspect of the nuclear deal is the
safety management of nuclear-waste whose half-life is over 28,000 years. This is
a multi-million dollar industry in its own right, and we have not been told
which American firm will secure these rights!

Old, Costly and Unsafe Technology: When Europe, Japan, Australia, Russia and the
USA itself have stopped commissioning new nuclear plants for over two decades,
why is India running after old, discarded and unsafe technology? Is there a scam
here – we have the right to know?

Dr. David Victor, Director, Program on Energy and Sustainable Development,
Stanford University, testifying before the US Senate Committee on Energy and
Natural Resources on 17 July 2006, noted inter alia that India has vast options
to meet its energy needs in Hydroelectricity, Renewables, Natural Gas, Coal and
Nuclear energy. He did not make a case for shifting to Nuclear energy. Briefly
this is what Dr. Victor said:-

On Hydroelectric:  Official Indian plans call for much greater use of hydro….
[there are] possibilities of hydro imports from Bhutan and Nepal…. That means no
shortage on energy front. On Renewables: India makes extensive use of biomass
digesters in rural areas and wind and solar energy in a few states. On Natural
Gas: Most analyses of the Indian power sector envisioned that gas would play a
much larger role in the future. Gas is the cleanest of fossil fuels and the
capital cost of gas plants much lower than nuclear, coal, and hydro. Gas plants
have been especially attractive to private investors who are wary of sinking
large amounts of capital into projects where regulatory rules are in flux.
Nearly all foreign-owned private power plants in India are fired with gas.

On Nuclear: Until now, nuclear power has been controlled by the central
government, mainly for non-energy purposes (weapons), and not exposed to
commercial accountability…. So long as India’s nuclear industry remains
isolated, it is hard to see that India will build more than the occasional
reactor as the cost basis for nuclear equipment will be too high and fuel needed
for such reactors will not be available….

On Coal: In the foreseeable future coal is expected to provide most of India’s
electricity. In fact, coal has not met its full market potential in the last
decade… India has (therefore) begun to encourage private investment into
coalmines and pithead power plants that will send the coal “by wire” to the
national electric grid rather than via railcars. India has adopted favourable
rules to encourage investment in the inter-state power grid, enabling movement
of much larger quantities of electricity. Changes in import tariffs are making
it easier to import high quality coal, and also inducing India’s domestic coal
industry to perform better. India is soliciting bids for five new 4 GW
coal-fired power projects (“ultra mega power projects”) – two of which will
produce electricity at coal pitheads in the interiors and three coastal plants
that will import foreign coal supplies.

Dr. David Victor concluded: “The question for India’s energy future centers on
the rivals to coal…. On the one hand, high prices have discouraged (but not
stopped) investment in plants that use gas. Indeed, some investors who would
have built gas-fired power plants are now looking closely at coal. On the other
hand, barely a month passes without the announcement of new gas discoveries in
India (in particular the large resources discovered off the country’s east
cost). These new gas supplies may eventually help to lower the price of gas,
which in turn will allow for a much larger gas-fired generation capacity”.

The UPA’s eagerness to finalize the nuclear deal is intriguing to say the least,
especially as nuclear energy would meet only a small fraction of the country’s
energy needs. India should improve its energy production regime using currently
available technologies and take the production efficiency to a minimum of 95%.
In concert with SAARC nations, India must invest heavily in non-conventional
technologies and change the energy scenario within the decade.

Many experts who have studied the cloak-and-dagger Indo-US nuclear deal call it
“No Clear Deal”. After Nagasaki-Hiroshima, three nuclear accidents, the Bhopal
gas tragedy, and global warming, neither India nor the world needs to dabble
with unsafe technologies and the destruction of civilization itself.  I conclude
with a remark of late Indira Gandhi, who in the early 1970s said: “At present
97% of the world’s research is not relevant to us because it is earmarked for
the priorities and to the induced appetites of technological leaders”. Will
someone heed this profundity?

Dr. Leo Rebello is World Peace Envoy, International Association of Educators for
World Peace
*******************************************************************************
 UPA’s oil crisis
by G K Pandey 	on 20 Jul 2008 	1 Comment 	
	

r     The actual costs incurred in producing the most expensive oil is only $70
or $80 a barrel, implying that around $50 of the current price represents the
markets’ risk premium and speculative buying – Larry Chorn, Chief Economist,
Platts

r     Price of oil should be between $50-55 per barrel – J Stephen Simon,
Executive Vice President, Exxon Mobil

The current oil spike, which shows no real signs of abating, has already spelt
ruin for the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government – its dream run of
record low inflation and high GDP growth has gone for a toss. If inflation
continues at double digit levels as the finance minister’s advisor has been
quoted as saying it will till the end of the year, the chances of the UPA coming
back to power look quite bleak. And this is without even taking into account any
backlash from voters, particularly Muslims, if various political parties are
able to convince them the 123 Nuclear Deal is nothing but a deal with George
Bush. Things could get a lot worse as there are few indications that global oil
prices are going to cool off. Indeed, as the quotes cited above show, the huge
build up in prices is very largely fuelled by speculative activity.

So far, the UPA has managed to keep oil prices under relative control, but this
has happened only at a very large cost for future taxpayers (over a third of the
subsidy is picked up by the government) and by bleeding the Navratna oil PSUs to
death – in the last six months, the PSUs have lost nearly Rs. 125,000 crores of
market capitalization, thanks primarily to the policy of not allowing them to
charge the market prices of petrol, diesel, LPG and kerosene. Even with oil PSUs
bearing a huge burden, the subsidy on oil, among others, has ensured that the
combined fiscal deficit of the state and the centre is currently around 9
percent, a figure lower than the 11 percent of the 1991 crisis period, but one
high enough to ensure credit rating firm Fitch Ratings downgraded India’s
outlook to negative a few days ago.

Speculation or increased demand

While President George Bush has blamed rising demand in countries like India and
China for increased oil prices, this is hardly true. While it is true oil demand
from China has risen in terms of its share in global demand (surely an economy
growing at 10 percent a year for so long would result in that?), the share of
demand from the developed world has leveled off, leaving the overall situation
virtually unchanged. Nor, despite all talk of disruption in oil supplies after
US adventurism, has oil supply really fallen off precipitously.
 
So what is causing oil price rise? Some argue that due to a long period of low
prices, there wasn’t adequate investment in finding fresh reserves. This is
certainly partly responsible for the spurt in prices. As a result, while earlier
estimates were that, in 2002, the world had about 40.5 years more of supplies
left, this estimate is now down to around 38.1 years.

Perhaps a bigger reason is the sharp hike in speculation. While several
economists and commodity traders argue that speculation has no impact on prices,
this seems at odds with basic principles of demand and supply – if, as is true,
vast sums of money are now being pumped into commodity market speculation,
prices will rise. Indeed, an analysis by broking firm KR Choksey shows that
while China’s consumption of petroleum products rose by 920,000 trillion barrels
over the past five years, the increase in demand from speculators rose by
850,000 trillion barrels - almost the same amount. And, as compared to 180
energy hedge funds in October 2004, this figure is now over 630 – during 2003 to
2008, the investment in commodity index funds, not just oil funds, has risen
from $13 bn. to $260 bn.

In other words, until oil producers conclusively see that global oil demand is
going to reduce following the sharp spurt in prices, the prices are likely to
keep rising. So far, like India, several countries have kept oil prices under
control, but now that most have started hiking local prices, and India has done
amongst the least, demand should level off. A statement by Fed chief Ben
Bernanke about how high oil prices were a factor that could extend the US
slowdown saw oil prices climb down just a few days ago. The US financial crisis
should also help reduce speculative interest, but it is really anyone’s guess as
to when prices will come down to reasonable levels.

UPA incompetence

If the rise in global fuel prices wasn’t bad enough, the UPA’s competence has
added the proverbial fat to the fire. By not allowing PSU oil marketing firms to
charge market prices, it has done various things. The burden on the fiscal
deficit and the oil Navratnas has already been talked of. By distorting the
relative prices of fuels, it has ensured adulteration of fuel has increased
dramatically. While only kerosene was used to adulterate diesel earlier, diesel
prices are now so low, industrial units have even stopped burning the
low-quality furnace oil and low sulphur heavy stock in furnaces (both fuels are
priced at market rates), replacing this instead with the vastly subsidized
diesel. In the last one year, as a result, diesel consumption rose 11 percent as
compared to a historical average growth of 1-2 percent. In the last quarter,
growth was an even higher 20 percent! In other words, government policy has
ensured the subsidy bill has risen a lot more than it needed to.

Related to this is another anomaly that is peculiarly Indian. While even a blind
man can see that the Navratna oil companies are being bled to death, the extent
of actual bleeding is anyone’s guess. The way the so-called under-recoveries are
calculated provides a perverse incentive for oil firms to not keep costs under
control. Normally, you’d expect benchmark costs would be used to estimate
under-recoveries, and that this benchmark would be raised each year, reflecting
the efficiencies a firm must bring in each year – look at Reliance Industries’
latest balance sheet and you’ll see that thanks to superior refining practices
and efficient buying of crude oil, its Gross Refinery Margin is more than double
that of several competitor refineries and much higher than those of our PSU
refiners.

Instead of doing this, the government allows PSUs oil refiners huge leeway.
Though we import virtually no petroleum products (we import crude and refine it
locally), the government assumes for under-recovery calculations, that petrol,
say, is being imported. It then adds another 10 percent or so to this in the
name of import duties and transport and insurance costs. This cost is then
assumed to be the benchmark and the price charged to retail customers is then
subtracted from this to arrive at the under-recovery! In addition, the
state-owned ONGC is forced to sell its production to PSU oil refining companies
at a discount of around 40-50 percent – this amounts to around a fourth of the
total oil these firms purchase. So, while calculating their ‘under-recoveries’,
this discount needs to be factored in, but is not. So while it is true that oil
companies are bleeding, it is equally true that the extent of their bleeding is
probably 10-15 percent less than what is popularly believed.  

An article in Business Standard brought this out eloquently when it pointed out
that, till a few days before the government raised prices of petroleum products,
a figure of Rs 245,000 crore was said to the under-recovery or subsidy the
government gave the people of India. But when the Prime Minister addressed the
nation, he mentioned an under-recovery figure of only Rs 200,000 crore! On LPG,
the gap was supposed to be Rs. 350 per cylinder before the Rs. 50 price hike;
yet the PM spoke of just Rs 250 under-recovery remaining; on kerosene, a figure
of Rs. 36 per litre was mentioned while the PM said it was under Rs. 20! Are
figures just made up?

But how can prices be raised, especially in an election year, is the obvious
question. And rightly so, since consumers are also voters and will never forgive
a government that raises their expenses. This is where political management
comes in. The NDA was smart enough to begin freeing up prices at a time when
global crude oil prices were actually falling (they were around $10 a barrel
during the early NDA years. So, the first few times that prices of petroleum
products were changed in keeping with the global market, the prices were
actually revised downwards! This ensured that when prices went up, people didn’t
pay too much attention either. For one, initially, the prices were only rising
to levels from where they were cut. Later, price hikes were so gradual, no one
even noticed. But all told, NDA raised prices by more than what UPA has (33
times during its tenure, as per an official website), and hardly got any flak
for it. This included raising kerosene prices 2.5 times – clearly unheard of in
a country where kerosene for the poor is treated as a holy cow.

NDA versus UPA: More hikes, less noise

In conclusion, there is little so far to convince us that global prices are
going to stabilize, especially since the US recession isn’t expected to be very
deep (it is likely to be quite long though). In which case, it is just a matter
of time before the government will once again need to hike petroleum prices –
otherwise, as happened in June, the oil firms will run out of cash and will have
to stop petroleum product sales. The UPA is caught in a pincer and doesn’t have
either the ability or the time to extricate itself.

The author is a senior journalist
*******************************************************************************
 India and Iran: civilisational continuum
by Sandhya Jain 	on 20 Jul 2008 	0 Comment 	
	
A civilisational continuum binds India and Iran, nurtured by long centuries of
commerce and diplomacy that even the en masse change of religion in one country
has been unable to snap. History is witness that political stability in our part
of the world requires a strong Iran and a strong India.
 
Though there are many sources of instability in today’s world, historically a
strong Iran and a weak India resulted in the painful invasions of the Persian
Nadir Shah and the Afghan Ahmad Shah. Conversely, a strong India and a weak Iran
left the region vulnerable to attack from Central Asia, viz. the Mongols in the
13th century. And when there was a strong power at both ends of the spectrum,
there was glory and stability, most notably during the Mauryan and Seleucid
empires of the 2nd century BC, and the Gupta and Sassanid empires in the 4th-5th
centuries AD.
 
Though India no longer fears a land-based invasion and occupation by foreign
armies (as is the unhappy contemporary fate of Iraq, parts of Afghanistan, and
soon perhaps even Pakistan), a strong Iran is imperative to maintain the power
equilibrium in the region, especially as volatile and dangerous players are in
the arena. Today India feels vulnerable precisely because an Iran hounded by
America is on the defensive; Afghanistan and Pakistan are virtually imploding
with no small assistance from their Western friends; and Central Asia is
unstable following a string of coloured revolutions and attempted revolutions.
 
Indo-Iranian nuclear cooperation
 
The lesson of history is to revive historical relationships. When the then Prime
Minister Indira Gandhi was cornered by domestic and international opposition in
the mid-1970s, my father, late Girilal Jain (then Resident Editor, The Times of
India) suggested reaching out to Iran as a way of breaking India’s isolation. He
participated in what is now called Track II diplomacy, and skilful governmental
efforts saw Mrs. Gandhi visiting Teheran in May 1974  (Source: Iran Nuclear
Watch).
 
Significantly, as this was the time of Pokharan-I, the joint communiqué stated
that contacts would be made “between the atomic energy organizations in the two
countries in order to establish a basis for cooperation in this field.”
Moreover, Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi also visited India; invoked a mutual ‘Aryan
heritage,’ and the Iranian-Indian Nuclear Cooperation Treaty was signed in
February 1975. Does the Foreign Office remember?
 
Four months later, strident political opposition compelled Indira Gandhi to
impose Emergency (26 June 1975), and it is worth considering if the 1977
elections that followed were not India’s version of a ‘coloured revolution.’ It
is a view that has received scant attention from scholars and strategic
analysts. Yet this may be the answer to the otherwise inexplicable decision of
RSS chief Balasaheb Deoras to literally throw a lifeline to the beleaguered
Indira Gandhi in the 1983 Delhi elections and revive her flagging morale, to the
utter shock of the Jan Sangh.
 
N-deal and Iran linked
India’s unexpected vote against Iran at the International Atomic Energy Agency
in 2005; the undesirable Indo-US nuclear deal and strategic relationship; and
America’s open sesame for an Israeli assault on Iran, are inextricably linked.
The nuclear deal effectively guillotines India’s nuclear potential and ambition,
and the strategic deal undermines Iran. India’s ratifying the nuclear deal is
tantamount to shooting itself in the foot.
 
In fairness, however, the UPA government has always appeared to me to be more
serious about its oil and gas diplomacy with Iran and Central Asia than about
the nuclear-strategic deal with America. It is an amazing coincidence that the
National Security Advisor M.K. Narayanan flew to Teheran around the same time as
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh breezed off to Japan with an airy promise to move
to the IAEA soon, with consequences that are there for all to see.
 
Whose deal?

With the government now in jeopardy, the non-political (whatever that means)
Prime Minister has retreated to the safety of his office, leaving the unenviable
task of shoring up his regime to loyalists of the Gandhi dynasty.

His retreat and the demands of the Samajwadi Party compelled first Amethi MP
Rahul Gandhi, and now Congress Party president Sonia Gandhi, to discard their
veils and canvass openly for the nuclear deal. The cognoscenti know that the
deal is close to Ms. Sonia Gandhi’s heart, and it is in the fitness of things
that she bats for it. Dr. Manmohan Singh himself had announced more than a year
ago that his was not a single-issue government and he would simply ‘move on’
without the deal.

Now, however, the Amethi MP tells bemused villagers that the deal is ‘good’ and
worth even the sacrifice of the government, but is unable to tell us how. How
much money is India expected to invest in obsolete reactors and obsolete
technology; how much power will be generated after how many years; above all,
what will it cost? And will America meanwhile have free access to our
thorium-breeder technology and our thorium-rich sands on the southern coasts?

The Gandhis will not answer these questions, relevant as they are, though a
shrill Ms. Sonia Gandhi expects Andhra villagers to believe that the deal is in
the interest of the nation, when party managers are nervous if all their own MPs
will support the government on the floor of the house! Ms. Gandhi must explain
what she means when she says India needs the “latest nuclear technology and fuel
power from other countries,” because everyone knows American technology is
30-years-old and that America is the only democracy (sic) where an elected
government will openly lobby the commercial interests of a corporate firm.

Westerners have long claimed superiority on account of having separated religion
from politics in public life. This is questionable, but we need not go there
now. However, it is undeniable that they are unable to separate their business
from the politics, and that politics is clearly subordinate to commerce. This
may explain why the British Crown rushed to rescue the East India Company when
it messed up its ‘accidental rule’ over India.

The Hindu varna system, in contrast, accords paramountcy to Dharma and the
security of nation and society; business and other sections of society thrive
within this framework. Hierarchy comes from a value system, not the legitimation
of political, economic, or military muscle. 
*******************************************************************************
 Arya Samaj: direct vision
by Sandhya Jain 	on 23 Jul 2008 	0 Comment 	

As Delhi courts grapple with a petition seeking ban on the publication and
distribution of Arya Samaj founder Swami Dayanand Saraswati’s magnum opus,
Satyarth Prakash, it may be pertinent to recall Sri Aurobindo’s tribute: “In the
matter of Vedic interpretation I am convinced that whatever may be the final
complete interpretation, Dayananda will be honoured as the first discoverer of
the right clues. Amidst the chaos and obscurity of old ignorance and age long
misunderstanding, his was the eye of direct vision that pierced to the truth and
fastened on that which was essential. He had found the keys of the doors that
time had closed and rent asunder the seals of the imprisoned fountains.”

While acknowledging that there is much that even Hindus and Jains, not to
mention Muslims and Christians, could legitimately dispute in Satyarth Prakash,
Aurobindo’s homage hits the eye of the fish. The lasting legacy of Swami
Dayanand Saraswati (1825-1883), for which he deserves the undying gratitude of
succeeding generations, is that he told an enslaved and demoralized Hindu
society to seek inspiration and rejuvenation in its Vedic civilisational roots.
Whatever the merits of his own rather literal style of interpreting religious
texts, the call to return to the Vedic gangotri was sheer genius.

It is a timely warning for our age, when westward-looking sanyasis are conniving
to erode the Vedic roots of Hindu civilization by forcing a peculiar monotheism
upon society, with the Bhagwad Gita serving as a sort of ‘Hindu Bible.’ This
undermines the primacy of the Vedas and destroys the pre-eminence of Sri Ram.

Gujarat-born Dayanand Saraswati had crystal clarity in this regard: “I hold that
the four Vedas – the repository of Knowledge and Religious Truths – are the Word
of God. They comprise what is known as the Samhita-Mantra portion only. They are
absolutely free from error, and are an authority unto themselves… they do not
stand in need of any other book to uphold their authority. Just as the sun (or a
lamp) by its light, reveals its own nature as well as that of other objects of
the universe, such as the earth – even so are the Vedas. The commentaries on the
four Vedas, viz., the Brahmanas, the six Angas, the six Upangas, the four
Up-Vedas, and the eleven hundred and twenty-seven Shakhas, which are expositions
of the Vedic texts by Brahma and other great Rishis – I look upon as works of a
dependent character… they are held to be authoritative in so far as they conform
to the teachings of the Vedas. Whatever passages in these works are opposed to
the Vedic injunctions I reject them entirely.”

This is a precise summation of the Hindu quest in the colonial period for the
true meaning of its tradition, depressed under centuries of Muslim rule.
President S. Radhakrishnan said Swami Dayanand would occupy pride of place among
makers of modern India: “At a time when there was spiritual confusion in our
country, when many of our social practices were in the melting pot, when we were
overcome by superstition and obscurantism, this great soul came forward with
staunch devotion to truth and a passion for social equality and enthusiasm, and
worked for the emancipation of our country, religious, political, social and
cultural... Swami Dayananda Saraswati was one who was guided by the supremacy of
reason and he made out that the Vedic scriptures never asked us to take anything
on trust but to examine everything, and then come to any kind of conclusion...
So he was a social reformer who had a crusading zeal, a powerful intellect and a
fire in his heart when he looked at the social injustices. He tried to sweep
them away with a drastic hand. This is also what the country requires today...
In that way he emphasized the rule of reason and pointed out that there is one
Supreme God. He also gave freedom of conscience.”

Currently, Mr. Usman Ghani and Mr. Mohammad Khalil Khan of Sadar Bazar, Delhi,
are seeking a perpetual injunction against Satyarth Prakash on grounds that it
hurts their religious feelings. Their specific objections pertain to paragraph
143 and 159 (English edition). To expound upon the merits of their pleas would
be to unilaterally engage in comparative religion, which may polarize
communities without resolving the issue scripturally or academically. This is
not the first attempt to ban this 135-year-old text; hitherto courts have given
short shrift to attempts to communalize established texts.

Instead of misusing contemporary constitutional provisions to ban a text that
has played a major role in India’s historical and political awakening, inspiring
freedom fighters like Lala Lajpat Rai to lay down their lives for the country;
it may be rewarding to understand the context in which Satyarth Prakash was
written. Religious scholars generally agree that Swami Dayanand did not have a
complete understanding of the religious traditions he critiqued, though there
was some merit in the faults he found therein, including Hindu dharma. Arya
Samajis have not sought a ban on religious texts containing passages abhorred by
Swami Dayanand (and many lay citizens); nor have other Hindu groups sought a ban
on Satyarth Prakash for finding flaws in their religious practices.

One may specifically mention Swami Dayanand’s critique of image-worship, once
zealously embraced by a generation of Hindus in north India, as renunciation of
image worship negated the colonial-missionary attack on ‘idolators’ and revived
collective self-esteem during the freedom struggle. However, as the need for
such dissimulation is now over, Arya Samaji women coyly admit that moorti-pooja
is no longer frowned upon so vigorously, and practices like nazar (warding off
the evil eye on children) are making a quiet comeback. I mention this because
many Hindu spiritual leaders with foreign disciples are defensive about
‘idolatory’ in the Hindu tradition and even today seek to interpret dharma in
terms consistent with monotheistic traditions.

The petition against Satyarth Prakash is not a technical issue of freedom of
speech (Article 19) of either side. Indeed, there are no sides here, because the
intention of the author was to critique with a view to energize a half-dead
people to national consciousness, and not to wound religious sentiments. It is
in this context that the petitioners should understand the book and withdraw
their petition. 
*******************************************************************************
 Nation as Draupadi
by Radha Rajan 	on 23 Jul 2008 	0 Comment 	

Parliament on 22 July resembled the court of the Kauravas with the Speaker
playing the role of the blind king Dritharashtra. Every person in Parliament
that day, notwithstanding party affiliation, was an actor in that shameful
court; I was the nation.

When the Prime Minister scornfully – and utterly astonishingly – tabled his
written response to the two-day debate with the Speaker, instead of facing the
Members of Parliament and addressing their concerns verbally, he sharply
underscored Parliament’s irrelevance in concluding international agreements and
treaties. This is a serious lacuna in the nation’s democracy in theory and in
practice, because when Parliament is rendered impotent to influence Government
decisions impinging on national security, it amounts to disregarding the sense
of the House and the will of the people.

It is a chilling truth that on that fateful day not one member in the august
House, in the treasury or the opposition, faithfully represented the voter who
put him or her there. As the end results proved, many were disloyal even to the
party to which they belonged.

The Lok Sabha voted, not on the nuclear deal (it has no locus standi to decide
international treaties), but on a trust vote sought by Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh on behalf of his Government. Had the Prime Minister lost the trust vote,
the country would have been faced with premature elections with the distinct
possibility that several sitting MPs may not return to the House. Not
surprisingly, while the government did not want to fall, MPs fearful of either
not winning the next elections or not getting the party ticket, also did not
want the government to fall.

The game of dice began in the bizarre context of the ruling party and a section
of the opposition sharing the same anxiety - the players staked the nation’s
resources, her interests and eventually her dignity. Members ready to be sold
fixed their prices and the traders flaunted their wares – from airports to
Chairs, CBI Director, Chief Minister or Cabinet Minister, from hard currency to
fancy cars, the goodies were displayed in brazen shamelessness before the
nation. Whispers in the media suggested some individuals had met the Imam of
Jama Masjid before the game. The nation watched in stupefaction as their
representatives were publicly auctioned to the highest bidder.

It was thus a foregone conclusion that the Prime Minister would win the vote,
though he lost the nation’s trust in the bargain. So did the Hon’ble Members who
willingly participated in disrobing the honour of the House, who silenced their
consciences and disrespected their respective constituencies which sent them to
the august House. Such Members shamed the House and the nation. Our elected
representatives demonstrated to the world that in the world’s largest democracy,
the known will of the people can be made to count for nothing. The only three
members who faithfully represented their Ummah were Hyderabad’s S. Owaisi and
J&K’s Mehbooba Mufti and Omar Abdullah; all three directed their thundering
diatribe implicitly against the Hindu community, whose voice has never been
heard in Parliament and was not heard on 22 July either.

But what is one to make of the Leader of the Opposition, Shri L.K. Advani’s
conduct, or that of his party men? The BJP broke the dreary monotony of two days
of vacuous trust/no-trust speeches when, on 22 July afternoon, three of its MPs
barged into the well of the House and waved under the eyes of a bemused nation,
wads of currency amounting to rupees one crore each, as money allegedly paid to
them by Dr. Amar Singh of the Samajwadi Party in collusion with Shri Ahmed
Patel, secretary to Congress President Sonia Gandhi as bribe for abstaining from
voting on the motion of trust.

All hell broke loose and wild charges and accusations flew thick and fast inside
Parliament and outside, before TV cameras. Even as the MPs claimed they had been
bribed to abstain from voting, the Chief Editor of a leading 24-hour TV news
channel admitted it had caught the bribe on tape and had chosen to hand-over the
tapes to the Speaker of the Lok Sabha and was not going to telecast the evidence
to the nation.

Shri Advani, as Leader of the Opposition and from the same party as the
‘bribe-taking’ MPs, had a strong case for demanding cancellation or postponement
of the trust vote in view of the serious charge laid against the political party
heading the government and one of its chief allies. The BJP had a moral
obligation to the country at large to stall Parliament and cancel voting on the
motion of trust; the bottom-line being – a government facing accusations of
bribing members of the House cannot morally seek a trust vote until the matter
had been thoroughly investigated and the truth established beyond all doubts.

BJP attended the all-party meeting summoned by the Speaker immediately after the
expose. The party should have stood its ground firmly and declared that in the
altered circumstances it would not permit the House to conduct the trust vote.
It is incomprehensible why Shri Advani allowed the BJP and the NDA to go along
with the Speaker and the Government’s decision to conduct the trust vote as
scheduled. One cannot help but come to the conclusion that BJP under Shri Advani
begins everything with a loud explosion and then whimpers to a complete
standstill – Ram Janmabhumi, Smt. Sonia Gandhi’s foreign origin, Volcker
Committee findings, Mitrokhin Archives, and now the bribing scandal allegedly
implicating Shri Ahmed Patel.

Except for the Ram Janmabhumi, all other issues have a Sonia Gandhi angle. We
can only hope that this has nothing to do with Shri Advani’s reluctance to stay
the course and pursue issues to their logical conclusion. The Prime Minister,
for the health of our democracy, must resign forthwith and the next Lok Sabha
must seriously consider making it constitutionally mandatory for Parliament to
ratify all international treaties, agreements and laws to which India is a party
or a signatory.

Shri Prakash Karat, Shri A.B. Bardhan and Shri D. Raja stood on quicksand when
they separately and smugly declared that the Government and its allies did not
dare bribe their party Members because the Left cannot be purchased at any
price. They owe the nation an explanation for the Speaker’s adamant insistence
on conducting the vote without a full investigation into the charges levelled by
the three BJP MPs, even though the TV channel had handed over the footage of the
‘sting,’ and the Police Commissioner was called to Parliament House to take
charge of the money and the investigations. Worse, he adjourned the House sine
die. A Congress Speaker could not have served the Government better than Shri
Somnath Chatterjee.

Radha Rajan is a Chennai-based public opinion activist
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
